We just moved to Oregon from San Diego and we've been looking for good Filipino food. So far this place is the best! Definitely coming back for more!
"I had a restaurant.com coupon so three of us stopped in for lunch.  I have seen the place before, but since it looks like a house I was a little apprehensive to go by myself.  I shouldn't have been!  Maggie was a delight.  None of us had been there before and she helped up pick out what to eat.  We had a BBQ plate, pork adobo, pancit (thin noodles with meat and veggies) and lumpia (crispy egg rolls).  We ate it family style so we could sample each dish.  The food was delicious.  My favorites were the pork adobo and the grilled chicken.  
You can sit a booth or get your food to go.  They do sell a few food staples and sundries there, but it is mostly a restaurant.  Have fun and give this place a try."
Wow, just driving buy and found a hidden gem! My wife and I shared a BBQ plate for $15 and at first worried it wouldn't be enough but WAY wrong! We left stuffed and some to take home.  The meet was very good but the noodles and macaroni salad were a new twist but oh so good!! The ladies running the place were all so kind and on top of it all! This is a great Mom and Pop place for sure!!
"Loe and grandma are so friendly! You feel like you ARE eating at grandma's house & it tastes like it too. I like how they ask you if you want sauce on the rice!  ""Of course I do!!!"" BBQ plate pretty large. Great smoke flavor & marinade."
I like to go here to get a bite to eat when I want Philippine food. The owner is nice and she's a good cook. A little family owned place with a few seats. The Market portion of the place carries Filipino spices and groceries as well as food to go (Turo-Turo). I like the Guava & Mango juice.
This new market may help bring Philippine food to newbies who haven't enjoyed dishes like Lumpia, Pancit, Pork Adobo and more. The owner is super nice, the food is tasty and the prices are fair.  Try it out, and here's a tip: map it before you go because SW Elliott is a one way street.
By far the best Filipino food I've been able to find! The pancit was made fresh to order and it was absolutely delicious!! We only paid $14 for 2 plates and we had leftovers for the next day. This place has such a home style feel, I'll definitely be coming back :)
"After moving back from Hawaii, I had serious cravings for Filipino food. It was hard to find authentic and the stuff restaurants had were basically an American version of it, like American adobo... which is not the same! One day at work I decided to wander in. There was a nice lady greeting me and who seems to be her mother and does not speak much English, however, us prompt to give her attention and service to customers. 
The adobo is DELICIOUS!! Tender, juicy, and full of flavor. They have a great variety of plates with Vietnamese sausage, pancit, lumpia, and this delicious bitter melon dish that I hadn't had any of for a long time. The plates are very reasonably priced. 
There are little interesting items through the little store and indoor seating to eat at.
I recommend it!"
"My first experience ever from this resto & it was via delivery (sorry for the date mix-up!)

Happy with the fresh food quality, portions & vegetarian options (rare for Filipino restos). Ordered the Tortang Talong (eggplant omelet), vegetarian pancit (rice vermicelli noodles) + the fried mackerel (came with 2 fish cut in half).

Great pancit that wasn't salty, fried mackerel had the perfect amount of crisp without being over fried nor oily. I cannot vouch for the eggplant omelet as it was my husband's & he saved it for tomorrow... but it looked legit & wasn't oily... LOL

Authentic Filipino food that I love & will be back for more!"
Thank you so much for the Very Good Food from Klasik Inasal!!!The Owner of the Restaurant are Soo Nice and FriendlyThe Food Is Soooo Delicious
"An older gentleman by himself.  He is super chatty, extremely friendly and super gregarious; feel he must get lonely being by himself.  

This is the ultimate bachelor pad.  No decorations, seats a small party of 13 seats within the whole restaurant and the host is really welcoming, but of course that gets you so far.

With Vancouver's uprising of trying to be great to the environment, I wasn't thrilled (to continue the bachelor pad theme), plastic cutlery and paper plates.

The food was average, nothing to go home about.  Salad was a small portion, only one pork belly and of course, tons of rice to make up for the room."
"Me & my boyfriend was looking for some Filipino food & we came across this place. This is run by a family, making it their family business. It's fairly new; more than a year. It's not considered a restaurant, but rather under the fast food category, which is why their cutlery is plastic & not stainless steel, according to one one of the owners.

Yes it's considered a fast food place, so don't expect restaurant quality. It kind of reminds me of the food you can get from the Philippines, what we call 'carinderia', which means a food stall with a small seating area typically found in a market or roadside. Which is typically what this place is like, hence the small area.

Since it is a small place, the owners go around chatting with the customers ensuring everything is well. They're quite friendly & accommodating.

The place could use maybe some decorations on the walls, but other than that it's an okay place to satisfy cravings. For the decent price you can get a complete meal; your choice of main dish + plain rice (or pay extra for garlic or java) + soup Or you can can choose the 'all day breakfast' where they serve silogs. The portions of the food are just right, enough for 1 person. Although I did find some of the rice kinda stiff.

For the accommodating service, the portions & the cleanliness, I'm giving the place 3(.5) stars."
"I came to this restaurant with high expectations since other fellow friends from the Philippines recommended this place.
 The restaurant is located between East Broadway and Fraser St.
Their menu is boldly stated when you enter and it makes it easier for you to choose what kind of food you'd like. I ordered Chicken BBQ Combo, Chicken Inaasal (a variant of different meats mixed with lemon, pepper, coconut, onions, vinegar and then grilled over hot coals) and also got mango juice as a drink. 
The food was decent but I felt like the BBQ was dry. Not sure if it was microwaved as I saw only one person working at the back and we got our food really quick in about 7 minutes. 
I would honestly come here if you are just craving for a ""Fast Food"" Filipino type of day and just be ready to have long conversation with the waiter/owner. 

I'd rate their service, food portions and overall cleanliness at about 3 out of 5 stars."
"基於加拿大的外勞和移民政策，受聘的菲律賓外勞只要在加拿大工作滿兩年就可以申請為永久居民，待居住滿規定年數及通過入籍考試後便可成為加國公民，因此吸引大量菲律賓人前來加拿大工作而形成一個為數不少的菲裔社群，在溫哥華的超市、醫院、以至便利店都不難遇見許多菲籍顧員。隨之而來便是為菲律賓鄉里而設的土產店和食肆亦開始應運而生，近數年間溫哥華多了許多菲律賓餐廳食肆，較有規模的有Max's Restaurant、Pinpin Restaurant、Kumare Restaurant，其他都是小型食肆或附帶售賣土產的快餐店

今天光顧這家小餐館開業只有一個星期，店舖前身也是一間菲律賓餐館叫""Siga-Siga's Filipino Restaurant""。餐館由一對菲律賓夫婦經營，丈夫負責廚房而太太在樓面招呼客人。走進餐館的感覺就像是便利店的小食部，地方細小，環境十分整潔，這裡大概可以容納15位客人用餐。精簡的餐牌主要有6款全日供應的傳統菲式早餐及7款套餐，基本上這裡的餐點都非常廉宜，其中最平的算是$6.95的烤雞套餐了

三種免費醬汁：
Andok's Litson Sauce菲律賓滷肉醬
自家調配的烤雞醬汁 ~ 酸酸甜甜帶點蒜味
Banana Sauce ~ 近似西餐的茄汁"
Ordered a to go lunch special. Inasal chicken with steamed rice and salad. Ordered 2 extra pork bbq skewers. O M G  The food was excellent. Both the chicken inasal and pork bbq were dead on as far as tasting like the original ones back home. Will definitely go back to try their other dishes.
"Craving for Filipino cuisine and this one was recommended by some friends, we honestly chose to come here as most of my companions want to have the grilled pork intestines or isaw and  their boods menu. 
When we arrived we were lucky to be the first costumers they have that day as the place has an occupancy good for ten people as well as limit of four in each table, so we need to be separated, which is fine as they do indeed follow Co19 precautions. 
Originally we wanted to order the boods seafod or boods klasik however that order will take about two hours to wait, so probably next time call ahead or have it booked. 
For the food since its my first time I ordered the Chicken Inasal with Atsara which tasted  juicy and tender that goes well with the garlic rice. We were looking for some veggies as we think we lack some colour in our food which they only have okra and eggplant at the moment,we had the okra which comes with small shrimp dip or  bagoong alamang. The spring roll was delicious too, not oily and crispy. I haven't tasted the grilled pork intestine but my friend said that it was delectable when it was freshly served but after some minutes when it cooled down it became tough or chewy which they ended up not finishing it. 
Overall, the foods serve are your typical Filipino dish which is good when your in crave mode. The price is just right and the owners  are very accommodating.
Lastly, they don't have washroom inside and have limited street parking."
"Stopped in here to grab dinner before going to a brewery and enjoyed it! It's a small, family-run restaurant with a lot of options on the menu. They didn't have a bathroom available because of covid regulations, but they were super super apologetic about it and it wasn't an issue in the end. The family was really sweet and thanked us multiple times for trying their food.

Since it's the namesake of the restaurant we tried the klasik inasal appetizer - a flavorful grilled chicken. Really tasty and moist. We also got a pork intestine skewer and it was also very flavorful and much more tender than most of the intestine I've had before. 

By recommendation of our waiter we got the pork sisig and pancit palabok. Both were tasty, the pork sisig was definitely my favorite and I would order it again. I'd be interested to come back and try more things on their menu!"
"My mum is Filipino and I grew up eating Filipino food. After the closure of Be More Pacific, I was disappointed and wondered if maybe Austin wasn't ready for a good Filipino restaurant.
Then, Carabou Express stepped up. I first had them at the Asian Far West fest when they were just a truck and I remembered the food was incredible. Incredible enough that when I heard they were having the grand opening for their brick and mortar, I was one of the first in line.
I know they were having POS issues, but I think I was lucky and got my order about 30 minutes after placing it. Despite how busy they were, the food was organised with care. Eating it was excellent and nostalgic for me to eat, because I grew up with a Filipino mother cooking for me.
Even though people were being incredibly impatient and pacing around the windows, repeatedly complaining to the clearly overwhelmed staff, I never once saw them not smile and they always responded kindly. Maybe a soft opening would have been better, but I give the team props for upgrading and putting quality of food first in the middle of a pandemic and maintaining composure amongst the technical difficulties and the surge of customers.

I'll be more than happy to visit again and again!"
"Solid tasting food. Had the Pork Tocino, Chicken Adobo, and Longanisa Patties with Pancit Noodles and Garlic Rice. 

All was cooked well and very tasty. Personally, wasn't too big on the Longanisa Patties as they felt a little too soft (perhaps just from the transport home swimming with all the other deliciousness or maybe that's just how they're supposed to be) but I won't dock any starts as it was still tasty and well cooked!"
"Carabao Express is owned by a caucasian Brit married to a Filipina.

Today was the grand opening of Carabao Express. They are located where Gamaad Oriental used to be. My husband and his buddy placed two separate orders online at 12:40 PM for pickup at 1:40 PM. Our credit cards were charged without the advertised discounts on the receipts due to a bug. After we arrived, we waited until 2:30 PM. 

By 2:30 PM, they had ascertained that they had lost both of our orders and couldn't find it in their system. They were unable to rectify the situation by fulfilling our orders, nor could they issue an immediate refund. They advised us to send an email for a refund and we drove home.

At 3:10 PM, minutes from reaching our houses, both parties received a miraculous phone call saying our orders were ready. Both parties were unwilling to drive another 35 minutes each way to pick up our orders 1.5 hours late. We are all in the process of emailing them for a refund of $50 and $40 each. Hay nako. Additionally, there was a bug in the Point of Sale software that didn't apply the grand opening discount at checkout. 

Nick, the owner, reached out and processed a full refund the next day. He said he would send an e-giftcard, which we're still waiting for.

We recieved an e-giftcard in the amount of the grand opening discount we were supposed to receive. I paid the remainder. The Toast Point of Sale system doesn't allow a gift card payment so I had to order at the kiosk inside the restaurant. At the kiosk, the family meal pansit palabok wasn't an option so I couldn't order it. 

Items are misnomered between ""carabaoexpress.com/menus"" and ""https://www.carabaoexpress.say2eat.com/order-online"". ""Lechon Crispy Sisig"" on their website is called ""Lechon Kawali Sisig"" on Toast POS. "" Yum Yum Lechon Kewali"" is misspelled on their website but is correctly spelled ""Yum Yum Lechon Kawali"" on Toast. 

My husband ordered the Lechon Kawali Sisig which is spicy. The entees at the kiosk don't come with rice, so make sure to order that separately. The garlic rice and chicharron were delicious. The suka for the chicharron was too spicy for me but I know a lot of people prefer it that way. I prefer suka with garlic. The bistek was too salty but it was still good. I prefer my bistek with more lemon juice so I squeezed a lemon wedge. Overall my husband and I thought the food was good and are looking forward to trying more dishes. The owner is more professional than Filipino Asian Mart and the staff has a better attitude than Little Mama's. Great job!"
Finally some good Filipino food near me! I did a contactless dine in order and received a fresh combo box after about 5-10 minutes. The food was delicious and actually exceeded my expectations. My favorite item in the box had to be the chicken adobo, it's not dry at all and it was very flavorful. I think this might be the place where I can get my weekly Filipino food fix..
I'm glad They opened.  We've been looking or  a Good Filipino restaurant in the area.  They few and far between.  We ordered catering for my birthday.  The interaction we had with the owner was really pleasant!!! We ordered lechon kawali,  fairly basic but really Good.  Seemed Like They made thier own dipping sauces.  The Star of the Show was definetly the briskit karekare.  I was a bit sceptical at first because KareKare was traditionaly made with Ox tail.  As I sat down and tried it I was really surprised How well it came together!! The kare kare taste amazing and I am now a believer.  Looking forward to trying Everything in the Menu!!
"I usually post pictures with brand new restaurants, but I did not feel that would be fair this case. I support austin restaurants and businesses, and I totally give this establishment props for trying to open during this pandemic. So just to give you all a heads up: DO NOT ORDER ONLINE! My order was lost twice and I finally had to drive there and do it by self order screen which I found easy to use.
I want to give a lot of credit to all the server staff who spoke (Tagalog I am part) and the staff for being so nice even though things were hectic.
For This Review this is all about the flavor. We all have first days and this was there's. We order 3 different orders at 3 different times and ordered everything from the menu. The consistency in time was lacking, but as I said in person had a lot more flow. Hopefully they will see this review and make some changes.
The Must Orders:
1.) Garlic Fried Rice ( why bother with normal white rice?
2.) Lumpia Shanghai with pork (Yummmm)
3.) Lechon Kawali 
4.) Lechon Sisig
5.) Longanisa Patties
6.) Pancit Palobok- Ask for extra Gravy and add an order of chicarons to put on top!!
7. )Chicken Inasal - Yum

The Meh-bee orders
1.) Pansit Noodles- Great consistency, sort of bland. Maybe they should have an option of adding chicken or pork.
2.) Chicken Adobo- so this is a standard filipino dish, it fell short in the fact that it looked like boiled chicken meat in soy sauce water. However the flavor basics are there. 
3.) Dole Whip- It was nice...It wasn't great b it it certainly wasn't bad.
4.) Chicarons-they're okay 
5.) Beef Tapa- This is Good if you ordered Filipino Bifsteck...this is no Tapa the flavor is good but they really should add onions and make it Beef steak filipino. They do need to tenderize or cook the beef better as it was chewy at points.

Absolutely don't Bother

1.) Barbeque Chicken. Nope. Nononono. This was basically a sour version of the adobo. It had no redeeming qualities and again did not make sense.

Overall the staff was nice the food was decent. I'd go again. But that being said if they improve on some of the suggestions...

1. Pansit Palabok- Add boiled egg, and a protein and more of that delicious gravy. Top it off with those lovely chicarons!!!!
2.) adobo-grill the chicken first then sauce it! Give the body back to the chicken and not the boiled chicken flavor.
3.) Pansit noodles -option to ask a protein and cook those vegetables longer (raw cabbage is not good) add some salt pepper patis and soysauc, the body is there but the flavor would have made me want more....

That's it kids! Hope this helps."
"This little gem on Parmer is now a stand out favorite! Would definately recommend the savory Pancit Palabok gravy/noodle dish, and the Sweet Longanisa Sausage patties.

We'll be back to enjoy a Dole Whip on a sunny day in their charming backyard seating area behind the restaurant."
"I liked the food! A lot! Like with any new restaurant, there will be hiccups in the beginning. After reading other reviews, I'm like, give these guys a break. It was only their first day!! Lol   
Super friendly staff as well. You can tell everyone was doing their best to accommodate everyone. I'll definitely be back soon...hopefully the wait isn't too long this time!"
"I ordered on Uber Eats. To my surprise, my order was ready very quickly! 

I ordered the Boodle Box and Bistek.

The Boodle Box had nice presentation and garnishes that really made a good impression. I was happy with the variety of sides it came with. The tocino, chicken adobo, and lechon were very delicious. I was a fan of the homemade lechon sauce. I was hoping the lechon skin would be crispy, but it definitely was a little bit chewy (still tasty though.)

The Bistek was very good and had authentic flavor. I was surprised that it didn't have onions or that the entree didn't include complimentary white rice. My girlfriend is doing keto, so it wasn't a big deal.. but if I ordered the entree I definitely would've been bummed to not have any rice. 

For the Filipinos: 

Have the right expectations! I'm stoked to have a Filipino restaurant that has recipes that cater to a wider audience. We all know your mom, lola, ate, etc. has the best recipe; but I'm so grateful to have Carabao Express to help build Filipino representation in Austin, TX.

I'm very much looking forward to more!"
"I was a customer of this restaurant prior to their renovation and the food was always delish. My faves were the pork adobo and dinuguan.. which is no longer offered. They have a new interesting set-up... it's a good idea to order online but if you do walk-in you can order and pay at the kiosk and wait for a text confirming your order is ready. I wanted to try out as much as I possibly could (without going broke) so I got the Boodle Box combo ($14.99). 

I chose white rice and pancit and for entrees I chose chicken adobo, sweet longanisa sausage and I paid an extra $1.25 to try the lechon crispy sisig. The plate comes with a variety of extras like egg rolls, hardboiled egg, cucumber slices, onions and sauces. My first impression of my plate was that there's alot going on but overall it was good. Unfortunately my entress weren't that hot and with all the extras it was difficult to try to simply put it in the microwave to reheat it. The chicken adobo and sausage were both flavorful and good but I didn't really care for the texture of the sisig which was not crispy but rather quite soggy. I'm definitely happy there's still an option for Filipino food in the area and recommend others give em a try..."
Missed the grand opening due to it selling out of food so quickly but finally made it in and it was a great dinner with great staff.
I tried the new restaurant tonight and I was pretty happy about the food. The portion is large and a lot of veggies. As an ex-entrepreneur, I know running a new business is not easy, especially restaurant. I hope they can keep their quality and I'll for sure come back.
I have tried almost everything and they are delicious! My favorite is the palabok. My mom passed away and I have missed eating her palabok, adobo, and garlic rice. Carabao Express takes me back to my childhood. I feel at home, again. Thanks for the masarap dishes!
We were glad to see that this place popped up as we are lacking in the Filipino food spots in Austin. We are vegetarians and wondered if there would be any options for us, but there definitely was. We ordered the veggie lumpia, veggie pancit, and garlic rice. All the food was really good, particularly the lumpia, crispy and delicious. We really appreciated the outdoor seating with on a beautiful evening and even went back in for dessert, banana turon. We will definitely be back.
"Giving them 4 stars because of the chaos. We got there at 11:30 and were literally second in line, sent our order in a little after Noon and got our food a little after 1. However, it was their grand opening and their POS system was not working properly. The owner and staff were really nice, apologetic, and the food was good! The owner was really good at giving updates  Some of the food can use some improvement, like the inasal (was kind of bland) and pancit (it was good, but dry). Garlic fried rice, lechon kawali sisig, lumpia shanghai, and turon were AMAZING! The presentation was also great! 

I will definitely back when the sea is calmer and they get the groove of things, maybe next month."
Gave this place another shot this past weekend. I got a 2 entree plate with chicken adobo (extra gravy), lechon, pancit and rice. It was very good. The adobo had such a good flavor and the chicken was super tender. The lechon came with a cup of sauce and was good too. I notice that they now offer birria tacos with consume so I may have to return soon to try that out.
Haven't quite finished our meal but so excited about this spot... Ordered the lechon kawali, sisig, and garlic rice - all great so far!
"Was it chaotic? Yes. Was it there first day? Yes.

Did they transition from a food truck to a brick and mortar during a major world wide pandemic, causing them to most likely severely alter the way they had planned to do things? Probably yes.

The food was excellent. The whole staff was polite and patient with all the hungry impatient customers today. Was pretty disappointed in how impatient people were today while we waited for our food. From what I could gather, they had a fairly major glitch in there computer system that caused issues in getting orders put out. But they still good people the food they ordered.

We will be back!"
"Stopped in real quick to check out the place, and I'm glad I did. The staff was super friendly and welcoming, just as if I was walking into a Jolly bee. 
The smell of their food instantly brought back warm childhood memories of home cooking and family gatherings . I just grabbed a couple of Turon, and was immediately impressed with the skill of the tight wrapping and sweet banana and jackfruit. 

Please stop and support them and the Filipino culture...MABUHAY"
"Great food, really quick in and out to grab lunch from the shelf. Seeing as how Filipino joints are now quite rare with the recent closing of many staples, it's nice to have one right down the street from me.

Had: Pancit Palabok, Lechon Kawali, Longanisa

Hoping others give updated reviews since Grand Opening is a one-time event and obviously not representative of the experience/food literally every day after. Everyone's just gotta relax, bro."
Everything I expected. Ordered delivery via uber eats. I got the birria tacos and lumpia. Both delicious, the only thing I will say is the wrapping of the lumpia was a bit lazy but they flavor was there so I can't really complain. I'll order from them again!
Majority of the stuff we got were tasty except the pork belly, which was rock hard and chipped my tooth I'm sure. It was practically inedible. Steer clear of pork belly here and you'll be good.
Had the veggie pancit, the palabok, lumpia, kawali, Lugau and garlic rice. All were OK. Kinda sucked because it ended up lukewarm since we were sitting outside. Lumpia tasted a bit stale, didn't taste like they were cooked fresh. Same with the kawali. Palabok and lugau were good though. Really scratched the itch for Filipino food. It was a bit overpriced for what we got though. Probably would have been happier if the food was hot. Still prefer little mama's over this place though. Thought it was strange that the 'silog only came with one egg. They're the only game in town when it comes to tapsilog so I guess that's fair.
"A fantastic casual Filipino brick and mortar with lots of outdoor picnic seating in the back! You can order online for pickup too. Absolutely delicious. Everything is chopped up so that you can eat Filipino style - with your spoon instead of the fork. 
We ordered the pictured items plus a dole whip float that was already consumed by the time I go to taking photos... whoops. 
We will be back! Thank you!"
"The space has changed a lot since I had last been there. It used to be a filipino convenience store and balikbayan box store where overseas filipinos could send gifts and things back to their families. There was also a small hole in the wall restaurant in the back with traditional Filipino food that was suspicious at best but when I tried it it was really freaking good. However it has now been replaced by a newer and more modern looking Carabao Express.

My wife and I who is a filipina had driven by a month ago and seen the space going under some new changes and have been waiting to try it out.  When you walk in you are directed to order off a machine and pay. The order is sent to whoever is in the kitchen area and they get the food for you. When the food is ready you get a text and you grab your food.  When we got the food it looked pretty good. As a chef myself presentation is key for me. This they did well. However when it comes to other aspects such as taste and authenticity my wife and I agreed it just didn't compare what she would expect in traditional filipino cooking.  We tried a little bit of everything including Chicken adobo, bistek, lechon kawali, and couple other dishes. The problem I think is alot of the dishes are premade and sitting to be placed into a box. This is fine for items like adobo or lechon but they need some dishes that are freshly made like at little mamas. Freshly grilled and marinated pork or chicken kebabs coming out hot is what filipino food is all about.  I may give this spot a second chance once they sort everything out but for now gonna stick with my usual spots. The one plus though was their dessert drink made with pineapple was really freaking good."
I go here for the sisig. Hoping they will expand their menu soon to include soup/stew. Overall, good food!
I placed an order online to be picked up. It was all I could do not to dig into the food on the way home, it smelled so divine. As soon as I got home the feasting began. My daughter for the pulled pork adobo fries. The pork was tender and packed with flavor and the fries were crispy. I got the chicken arroz caldo. It was everything I wanted it to be. Garlicky and gingery and chickeny and comforting, like a mouth hug. My boyfriend got the Boodle Box with chicken adobo, chopped fried pork belly and house made longaniza sausage patties as his entrees and garlic rice and veggie pancit as his bases. It also came with boiled egg, pork lumpia, veggie lumpia, picked onions, jalapeno and tomatoes. So much delicious food! The longaniza was especially good. They have an adorable back yard with picnic tables for outdoor dining. The prices are more than reasonable and the portions generous. We will most def be going back as well as telling all our friends about this great little place.
"This block has all kinds of hidden gems and I'd say this is one of them. I've been looking to try birria tacos and who knew I'd find 'em at a small filipino restaurant? The food was delicious! I'd love to come back and try other things on the menu. 

Venue was clean and spacious with all of the pandemic precautions in place. We ordered our tacos to go, and they were ready once we got there. A nice little convenience they had was a little sanitizer dispenser outside of their door."
I loved this place and happy there's Philippino food in Austin again. Def is my go to once a week.
"It's hard being a Filipina in Austin. Unlike the West Coast, there are very few Filipino restaurants in the vicinity.

I miss home cooked meals so having a new restaurant like Carabao Express has quite literally been one of the top highlights for me for 2020. I read in previous reviews that the restaurant was a bit hectic on the first day of their grand opening. That's because the ENTIRE Filipino population of Austin bombarded the restaurant so give them a break. Personally, I take the overwhelming influx of customers to be a great sign for Carabao Express! 

I am an event planner and I have catered through the Carabao Express food truck several times last year. I have always been extremely impressed by the quality of their food and their service and so I can say with complete confidence that I believe the restaurant will be just as successful. 

I love that the restaurant has a beautiful backyard for outdoor dining and since they are BYOB, I was able to bring a bottle of red wine to go with my meal. Now that the weather is getting cooler, I definitely plan to dine more on their patio.

For my first visit - my friends and I sampled a little bit of everything. We ate the palabok, chicken adobo, sisig, beef tapa, veggie pancit, garlic fried rice, veggie lumpia, shanghai lumpia, and banana turon. 

EVERYTHING was authentically made and tasted delicious! The service for us was great and the staff was extremely friendly and hospitable. 

I plan to visit at least once a week. Highly recommend!!!"
My favourite lunch place in the area. Big portions, good prices, and extremely friendly staff. This is where I was first introduced to Filipino food, and it made a good impression. The menu is huge, and a lot of the dishes are best shared so go with friends.
"This place has really friendly and knowledgeable servers. While placing the order they asked if we allergic to peanuts since the sauce in one of the items that we ordered had peanuts in it. We really appreciated that and it showed that they care about their guests. 

We enjoyed the Halo Halo desert, it was quite unusual and mildly sweet which we liked a lot. The portion size is huge for the entrees that we ordered, one entree could easily satisfy 2 people, depending on your appetite of course. 

The food tasted fresh, but most of my points go to the servers, have been to many Asian restaurants but this is the only one till now where the servers made sure you are not allergic to peanuts while placing the order."
Panlasang Pinoy! I bring my family and friends in this joint everytime they come to visit me.
Been here a couple of times. Decent filipino food with a mix of chinese good.
Great Filipino restaurant, our go to restaurant for Filipino foods when we are in Richmond.  There so much food selection, so hard to choose.  Our favorite though is the pork sisig, it never failed us so far.  The halo-halo is a must have dessert.  If you don't want to wait for 1 hour, from getting seated to actually eating your food, skip Max restaurant and go to Little Ongpin instead, and try their authentic Filipino foods.
My family and I had been craving Filipino food for the longest time. I reached out to my Filipino friends for the best Filipino restaurant. They all suggested here. We were not disappointed. It had a home cooked meal feel and the food was amazing. Get the garlic rice!
"Friendly staff. Ample parking. Price slightly above average but portion is a bit generous.

 I've tried the shirmp in sour-based soup (sinigang) and   friend pork with tofu -both delicious. My wife ordered the sizzling pork (sisig) and white rice, equally delicious.  
Will go back to that place."
Some of the best Sizzling Sisig in North America! Nothing can compare to the Philippines but this place is pretty darn close. The food is meticulously cooked from scratch, you can tell the love that went into each dish. The BBQ sticks are also pretty decent. If you come here hungry, you'll leave extremely satisfied, only wishing you had room to try more dishes.
I got take out from here while in the area for business, and was not disappointed.  When I showed up to pick up my order I noticed that I was the only white guy in the restaurant, which told me I was in for some good eats.  I ordered the Lechon Kawali (pork with really crispy skin) and a side of garlic rice.  It was a simple and very satisfying meal.  I'll definitely head back here on my next trip.
The Lechon Kawali on rice is the best bang for the buck here. A slab of pork on a bed of rice covered in chop suey. How can you go wrong.
Me the the family are craving filipino food and tried Little Ongpin, all i can say was we ordered half the menu because we couldn't decide which one to pick haha. Awesome food and great service!!!!
Always yummy and flavorful. The best Filipino restaurant in BC. I give the bagoong rice and dinuguan 5 stars! Generous serving and polite staff. The chef/head cook and cashier are the owners of Little Ongpin. Customers are happy with the food.
"Friendly, fast, comfort Filipino food to go or stay. Lunch specials are pretty cheap. I got 3 pieces of chicken with rice for around $8.50 and I could see there were some combos for cheaper.

I wasn't sure what to try and the lady working there was really helpful and attentive. 

It's not fancy but it's a good place for comfort Filipino food when I have the craving."
My favourite Filipino restaurant in Vancouver. Good portions. Reasonable prices and authentic flavours.
"Love this place halo halo is amazing the best one, it beats kumares food, especially the customer service, very pleasant people and the food has a big portion. 

If you want good Filipino food  and great customer service this is the place in Richmond."
Ordered halo halo special x2 for dessert.  It was a good size.  There was pinipig, Ube ice cream, and leche flan that topped the shaved ice bowl.  Price was $5.95.  Restaurant was full and portions are big here according to family.  Will have to come back again to try main menu
"I have a problem.. I always order too much food!!  Don't judge :) 
See below..(please forgive on spelling)

Lumpia (spring rolls): hmm.. I prefer pin pins.. not as tasty as I hoped. 

Sinagang (a seafood based sour soup): tasty with huge chunks of fish and prawns yum!

Pork hock: a deep fried pork leg.. greasy and chewy.. will not order again

BBQ squid: perfectly char-grilled.. the vinegar sauce it usually comes with needs a bit of work (I can make better)

Garlic rice: tasty as usual

BBQ pork skewers: not as sweet as usual Filipino bbq meat.. nevertheless tasty (again, sauce was ok)

Halo Halo Royale: i'm a big fan of bbt.. but the halo halo here will give dragon ball a run of their money. i love everything ube ice cream :)"
"I really should give five star reviews more sparingly but this really is as good as it gets when it comes to great, authentic Filipino food.  Let me do this review by giving a mini-lesson on Filipino cuisine, instead of doing a traditional review. Filipino food is not for everyone.  What fresh tomato and mozzarella is to the Italians, feta to the Greeks and MSG is to North American Chinese food, pork is to Filipino cuisine.  I am going where few (wo)men have gone before, and I am boldly declaring pork as the most endearing aspect of Filipino cuisine.  Whether stewed, roasted, crisped up or grilled, Filipino cuisine is a very meat-centric affair and pork is the epicenter of it.  In fact, vegetarians should not visit the Philippines at all, unless they want to live entirely on a diet of coconut-influenced vegetable dishes.  It sounds delicious in theory but trust me on this one, I've been to ""The Farm"" (google it), probably the country's only all-vegan retreat and it was not pleasant.  The hippie colony only entertained for an hour and I was there for a week. I had to put myself in therapy after that therapy to get rid of the coconut aftertaste, of everything.

I digress.  As I was saying, because of its meat centricity, the ""best"" dishes will be rich, filling and absolutely soul-satisfying.  This usually translates to non-Filipinos as fatty and greasy, particularly to suburban, white folks such as my husband who grew up eating skinless, boneless, (very bland) chicken breasts.  There is no such thing in stereotypical Asian cuisine as we are head to tail eaters.  As such, take these reviews with a grain of salt and if you're feeling adventurous, go ahead and order anything with Lechon (roast pork done the Filipino way) in it,  Crispy Pata (deep fried pork hocks) or their barbeque chicken (with the fantastic, to die for peanut sauce).  If you're more cautious, they do grilled anything really well too, including grilled fish and squid.  Grilled seafood is another one of those that we do really well.  For those who want to try something ""lighter"", the sour soup, Sinigang is well worth a try, and you can get it with fish, prawns or beef.  

The restaurant is located in a small strip mall (that you have to be a local or a Yelper to know) with free parking.  When you get there, just remember that Filipino cuisine, unlike its more obvious Southeast Asian counterparts, is all about blending flavours in your mouth.  The worst one can do is to try and eat the viands by themselves.  There's a reason why we eat rice and dipping sauces with just about everything.  It balances sweet and salty, neutralizes sourness and acidity and tempers the salty-fishiness that characterizes many of the ""authentic"" Filipino dishes."
"As many Asian restaurants there are around, there aren't that many Filipino restaurants in comparison.  There's a lot more in Vancouver but that's too far for me when I need something just nearby. Little Ongpin is the closest to where I live, the food is actually pretty good (great value too) and the service is superb.

The atmosphere is really casual and everyone is friendly. This is very typical of Filipino settings; it reminded me of social events and gatherings back in the Philippines. It's very warm and inviting, which makes it a plus for me. We were greeted and seated as soon as we walked in. My parents know a lot about Filipino food, which speeds up the process of ordering (I know a lot too but they know a lot more and this helps when I'm up to trying something new).

Around the table, we ordered the Chopsuey (sautéed, mixed vegetables), the Miki Bihon (Chinese style noodles), Pork Sisig (pork sizzling plate), Diniguan (pork blood stew), Chicken BBQ skewer with atchara (atchara is pickled papaya), Lechon Kawali (roasted pork), Garlic fried rice and Taho (tofu with sweet syrup and tapioca pearls) for dessert. I also ordered their pineapple juice.

Because we've dined here before, I was expecting our food to be good overall; and it was. The Chopsuey was average. The snow peas and the red pepper were cooked just right and I loved the quail egg in there. The cauliflower was a bit overcooked, but I did like the syrupy sauce that it was in. The Miki Bihon is, again, more a Chinese dish than Filipino, but Filipino cuisine has tons of Chinese influence in it. Really love the fact that there's tons of protein and vegetables and not just the noodles. Squeeze the lemon wedge too if you want to brighten up the dish. It was quite greasy and it was kinda swimming in the sauce. Wasn't a fan of that but I still liked it. The Pork Sisig was one of my faves; the dish usually consists of chopped pig's head and liver but there was no liver in this dish. It was definitely delicious; I really like the crunch too. The red onion adds a nice interesting flavour and the lemon helps cut the fat down. This is really needed as it's quite a fat based dish. Really love the aroma of it too.

My other favourite was the Diniguan. Now we often get weird looks from people who find out that this is what it is, but I know a lot of non Filipinos who have tried this and found it delicious. Try it when you're feeling up to it. Anyway, this version of the Diniguan is actually pretty good. I like that the sauce is thick; I've tried some before where the sauce is quite liquidy and I didn't really like that (to each their own). My mom was quite impressed with this version too. She liked it (and she's quite hard to please).  Not a fan of spicy stuff so I didn't bother with the jalapeno that came with it. 

The Chicken BBQ skewer was absolutely tasty! The meat is so juicy and it had a very nice BBQ flavour to it. The atchara was a really nice addition as it added a nice hint of sweetness to it each bite. The Lechon Kawali is another favourite of ours, particularly by my brothers. Love the huge portions and the roasted taste. We always get this with the garlic fried rice, which could use a bigger portion. There was, however, just enough garlic. Quite tasty.

My pineapple juice was very refreshing. Tasty, but I doubt they used fresh pineapples. It tasted like it was canned pineapple juice. I wasn't very impressed with the Taho. The tapioca used isn't the same one that street vendors in the Philippines use; the ones used were the bubble tea kind of tapioca - bigger and black compared to small transparent ones. The syrup was also quite watery and the tofu was really light. Not very authentic. 

Overall I loved my experience. Our server checked up on us often, but not often enough to make it annoying. In addition, the bathrooms were tiny but very clean.  The dishes are well priced; definitely worth the value. 

Would I come back? Most definitely.  You should check this place out if you're in the neighbourhood and are wanting to explore exotic Filipino cuisine."
"You can say this is my first time trying Filipino food so I can't vouch for its authenticity or compare to what I've had before. So it's just based on my preference in taste. A friend recommended a few dishes and we got majority of those and a few that we felt we should try.

-Lumpiang Sianghai (4/5): We got these spring rolls to start. It came with a sweet and sour sauce on the side. There were 12 in total and are literally finger food. I believe the fillings are ground pork. It tastes good on its own and with the sauce. 

-Bagoon fried rice (3.5/5): This plate of fried rice was HUGE. It had some diced pork, green mangoes, an unchopped chilli, egg and green onions. To be honest, I didn't taste much of the shrimp paste when I had it at the restaurant but definitely tasted it when I had a bite of the leftovers. Perhaps it's more pronounced when it's hotter. For me, it tasted better when reheated.

-Adobo Chicken (2/5): This was not recommended by my friend but we tried it anyways 'cause it is one of the ""to try"" dishes from Filipino cuisine. Disappointed that it was quite bland and had an unappetizing look to it. 

-Kare Kare (2.5/5): Also a bit unappetizing look to it but I didn't come here for the presentation. It was peanutty like my friend said it would be. It was thick but I guess I'm not used to this type of peanut sauce. He also didn't recommended us to get this. I must say there were lots of oxtail and small cuts of tripe. 

-Spicy Beef Tongue (5/5): Our favourite dish of the night. Can't remember the name of this dish but my friend told me to look out for beef tongue and that's what I remember it as. Right amount of spice, good amount of tongue and some bell peppers and other veggies. 

-Sisig pork (4/5): I personally liked this but my family found it to be a bit too greasy. Indeed it cannot be eaten alone and should be shared. 

Dessert:

They only had two dessert available that night. So sad I couldn't get their buko pandan.

-Halo Halo (4/5): This is better than the one I tried before. My mom enjoyed it the most. What interest me most in this halo halo compared to the other was the ube halaya. What I did not like was the rice crispies sprinkled on top of the ice cream. 

-Leche Flan (5/5): My family found this to be on the sweet side but I don't think anyone can screw up leche flan. I like it too much. 

Servers were nice but the food took forever to come out and towards the end of our meal it also took them a long while to clear our table. I felt that I've thoroughly gotten introduced to Filipino cuisine. If I do come back it would be to try the bbq skewers that we didn't order and some more of their desserts."
"This place is the place to go to if you're craving Filipino food and you're in Richmond. It's a tiny place and as soon as you walk in you'll feel like you're in the Philippines in one of the carinderias there. 

We tried fish (golden pompano) escabeche - good size, moist, delicious; kare-Kare - I don't eat meat but tried the sauce and veggies and they didn't disappoint. My favourite was sotanghon gisado, it was so yummy I could finish the whole plate. It was moist and very flavourful. The halo halo was so good too, it was served with ube, ice cream and flan on top. 

The waitresses were attentive, efficient and friendly. The price was reasonable. 

Our experience was pleasant and we will definitely comeback. There are still a lot on the menu that I want to try. 

5 stars even if the Lomi (which I ordered to go) wasn't that great."
"This is not West. It's a place only neighbourhood locals may know and keep amongst themselves. It's also for foodies seeking choleresterol inducing delights no matter the distance.

Welcome to ""Little Ongpin Family Restaurant"" where Filipino-Chinese cuisine is served. (Ongpin is a neighbourhood in Manila which is similar to a Chinatown).

I'm talking about Sisig (pan fried pork cheeks served in a cast iron sizzling platter). Sprinkle the provided lemon and mix the red chili. Kick back and munch it with a cold ice beer or as a meal with their garlic fried rice.

How about some Lechon Kawali (fried pork cutlets served with a side of sweetened pork liver sauce). The best part is the crunchy skin.

They do have more tame and equally delicious dishes like Laing (spinach cooked in spicy coconut sauce). Or the more known Kare-Kare (Ox tail and Tripe in sweet peanut stew). 

Finally, don't leave without trying some Filipino desserts like Halo-Halo Deluxe (shaved ice topped with various sweets like red beans, jackfruit, coconut, flan and Purple Yam ice cream).

The service is friendly the old fashioned Filipino way. Always eager to assist and answer any questions were threw at them (i.e. how far is the Earth to the moon. Kidding!).

There were mostly Filipino patrons, but seeing Caucasians dining as well made me smile that Little Ongpin was doing something right. If I were to recomend a Filipino restaurant to try in BC, this would be it.

The only negative I have which is the backlash Visa pin system that requires you to go pay by the cashier area if a restaurant hasn't invested in a wireless card reader to bring table-side.

Other than that this I'd love to go back when in the area."
So far the best pinoy resto that i been to in the states makes me feel like im back in the Philippines the taste is awesome in every dish taste of home
"good service 
good food/ we enjoyed all dishes 
good price for quality and quantity/ they are very big portioned so good for family dinner 
they tend to close earlier than their posted hours so call first before u go, we came 3x different days prior to today and they always closed early 
if i have to choose 1 dish: shanghai spring rolls
would I go back? Maybe only because this isn't the type of food I'd eat regularly"
This is our go-to authentic Filipino food place. Not too fancy, decent ambiance, but the food is awesome! The halo-halo is a must. We've been here a few times now, and I know we'll keep on coming back for more.
Although I'm Filipino, sadly I'm not a filipino food connoisseur so I'm very glad to discover Little Ongpin to begin my journey in authentic filipino food.  We had dinuguan and pork sisig for lunch and they were outstanding in taste, flavour and texture. The halo-halo dessert did not disappoint with the mixture of tropical fruits, ube ice cream and leche plan over shaved ice and milk.  What a treat!  The atmsphere in this placr was very familial and the staff were very friendly and helpful.  Will definitely return for seconds and... thirds and...
Still honestly one of my favourite restaurants in Richmond. The staff there is so friendly & the food is amazing.
When we crave Filipino food and don't want to have to wait in long lines we end up driving to Richmond.  We frequent this place even if it's a bit of a drive but on most times we leave very satisfied. Everyone is friendly, food comes out at a reasonable amount of time and the prices are average. My only complaint was in the summer when I was really craving Filipino bbq I went here and didn't leave with having my craving met. Their bbq tasted as if it was pan fried, it was undercooked and I couldn't even taste any of the marinade. I'd still continue to go here but I won't be ordering their Filipino bbq.
"Extensive menu and warm and courteous staff make this a regular place for my family and I.  Being a Canadian Filipino transplanted here in Washington it is hard to find a good Filipino restaurant that can satisfy my cravings for my country's food, so whenever I make my way back to Richmond, B.C. to visit family, I make sure to drop by this little gem!  The decor is very basic and the tables are set up casual like you're at a picnic.  The menu is very informative with description of the food accompanied with pictures.  if you are a first timer i suggest you stick with the tried and true dishes: chicken adobo, beef caldereta, garlic fried rice, and perhaps some pork bbq, and the ever cardiac arrest inducing lechon!
Sorry don't have the time to explain the ingredients or taste, but trust me it's all good.  But like the other reviewer stated leave room for dessert and make sure you try their deluxe halo-halo: a variety of mixed beans, coconut strips, flan, along with shaved ice, condensed milk, topped off with Magnolia ube ice-cream!  OMG- I'm hungry now! If you notice there hasn't been any mention of vegetable dishes.  Unfortunately Filipinos tend to overcook vegetables, or primarily use them in stews. Do try the lechon with guylan (sp?) it's delicious, and the vegetables are not over cooked."
The food here is always delicious & the dessert is just so so good! You have no idea what you're eating but it tastes so good that you can't stop eating it!
"Seldom is there a Filipino restaurant as good as this. 
Points people must know about Filipino eating places:
1. They are expensive
2.They are oily and salty
3.Customer service is all smiles but short on real service

Little Ongpin is an exception, a place that is competitive to the North American service excellence. 

First, the food. Very tasty, very good. They try to accommodate your wishes and recreate the dish you want, adding items on it or taking items out of it for no extra charge.

The food is fresh, hot and tasty. If you have a complaint, they make you another one and are apologetic. No extra charge. Other Filipino places will say, ""can't do that!"" Not there in Little Ongpin. 

NEXT: The service. Not just all smiles but  they move quick and fast to be of great service to the customer. 

They have special needs children/ people seating. Not that they have it ready but they will accommodate and make that seat ready no matter how crowded and busy they are during the day.

The PRICE OF FOOD: reasonable and can be shared by 2 or 4 people. 

The place is clean, not elegant but clean. There are paper napkins on every table and condiments of whatever typical Filipino condiments you would need. 
PARKING: ample parking and conveniently located.
AIR QUALITY: during summer, air is cool; winter, enough heat.
SEATING CAPACITY: the tables are individualized except for about 2 long ones. If you are a group, you can put the tables together and as solo, you can have a table to yourself. 

RECOMMENDED? highly. If you are not familiar with Filipino food, this is the place because they serve the real stuff. Some places pre tent they are Filipinos and they change the way they cook or prepare dishes. Not this place.

They also have good Chinese dishes but the way they prepare the dish is more of the Filipino version. Many other nationalities eat here, not just Filipinos."
"nice hole in a wall Filipino restaurant. had the spicy ribs (I think this one is korean, but what do I know :) and Taro leaf, very nice.. loved it.
going for 2nd next time and will try different dishes."
"Highly recommended..

Good was absolutely delicious.   Good portion for the price and they are really reasonable with the meats.  

Halo halo was to die for.
Service was pretty good and fast.

We are definitely coming back."
"My search for the best Filipino food in North America has ended. Everything, from the dinuguan to the adobo, pancit, kare kare, and sisig was amazing. Big portions, friendly staff, and painstakingly prepared, flavorful, tender food is the order of the day. The halo halo is huge, enough for four people to have a nice portion, so get one for every two people, because this place is all about pigging out. 

We ate there three times in three days - I wanted to try someplace else, in the same way that crackheads want to try something else but are drawn back to the same thing. OK, bad analogy, but you'll understand when you try it. Great food, reasonable prices, family-owned business. The only downside is every other Filipino place is gonna suck by comparison."
"Again, an update for including this restaurant in my Dessert List.  I must have been channeling all those childhood desserts in my mind without paying attention to what I've actually written in the original review.  

I'm partial to everything but if you have a really bad sweet tooth craving, go with the leche flan.  It's basically the bastardized Filipino version of the Spanish caramel/egg flan, also known in North America as a thicker custard.  Very similar to the Mexican tres leches cake in taste except we make it better in a flan form, because really, who needs the cake part? If you're looking for something light and refreshing, the traditional halo halo is wonderful! Shave ice, a variety of sweetened fruits, condensed milk and sometimes ice cream, it's like taking a pool plunge on a very hot summer day."
I would say that out of all the Filipino restaurant in the lower mainland, little ongpin took it home for me. The portion and taste of the foods are very consistent. That's why my husband, friends and family always go back there :)
"Definitely somewhat of a hole in the wall place since I've driven by a number of times...but somehow it isn't a place I would know to go into.  It is located in a strip mall sort of next to a local grocery store. 

Bearing location and outside appearance aside...we are here to talk about all the other great stuff that us yelpers are here for. :P

Service wise the place is quite decent...a bit better than your average Asian places for sure but no where near the likes expected from a western restaurant of course.
Pricing wise once again I found it to be a decently priced meal. Me and a buddy spent around $40 in total including tax and gratuity on 1 large and small bowl of rice and 2 dishes (pork segig and a coconut seafood one).    The pork sesig was quite interesting since it was like bacon bits.  Keep in mind I'm just going by taste since I'm not a Filipino nor know their food well...so this is all just an outsiders' view.

  But this outsider thinks that he'll be back again for sure though. ;)"
"Probably the best Filipino restaurant in town. The Tokwa't Baboy is simply awesome, the kare kare is great, and most anything else. This is our favorite go-to spot when too lazy to cook.  The  atmosphere is very friendly where all the waitresses are called ""Kulasa""."
"Diners and dives filipino style. I was also wondering why I never see anything but western food on that show (just saying).

I have NEVER ate filipino food at a restaurant before, since my mom is the best Filipino Chef in the world.  Yet we could not pass up trying this hole in the wall, nestled in small strip mall in Richmond on No.5 Road.

Loved the Pancit.  Large Portion easily could share with 3 people.
Loved the Shanghai egg rolls.  Shared, but prefer not to next time.
The BBQ Pork Skewers were large and meaty, but to salty for my taste as I am only half filipino LoL

I will have to return just for dessert.  There is a  Halo Halo with my name on it!"
"Stopped in for a late lunch today very excited because of the previous reviews.

When I arrived the place was empty. The waitress was very pleasant. I asked what the most popular dishes were and also her favourite dishes. She said she always recommends the Beef Stew to the white people because they always love it. I ordered it along with an egg noodle dish, some egg rolls and some bbq chicken & pork. 

I was treated to some complimentary vegetable soup and, honestly, that was surprisingly good. Possibly the best vegetable broth I've ever had. 

Next came the egg noodle dish with a few bits of chicken and prawn. Turned out the be spaghetti with what tasted like Lipton's soup mix as flavouring. A definite fail.

After that came the egg rolls and bbq meat. The bbq was average.. not bad... kinda fatty. The egg rolls tasted like something you'd get out of the asian portion of the frozen section at the supermarket. Fail. I didn't try the ""brown sauce.""

Finally the Beef Stew arrived. Honestly, it was pretty good. If for some crazy reason I ever came back to this place I would definitely get it again. The meat wasn't that tender, but the sauce was good. After a while it tasted a bit like Mesquite BBQ potato chips. Win!

I can't give this place more than 3 stars, but I can't give it a 1 either. Perhaps it's my quirky (Caucasian) taste or bad luck in ordering, but I don't see myself coming back again. 

:)"
Best Filipino resto so far because they actually cook the dishes and not pre-cooked like cafeteria food. Tasty dishes and friendly staff, very accommodating, often has a full house. Highly recommended to any Pinoy first timers.
My husband and I were quite impressed with the food. We ordered the pork belly, fried fish and laing. We were only visiting Richmond for the weekend and will definitely go back to try the other dishes the next time we're in town.
I ordered the #64 from the menu and it was great and there was plenty of it.  The staff were quite friendly and very helpful when time came to order, as this was my first time eating food from the Philippines.  I will definitely return and try another dish.  Very good!!!
Friendly, and beware food is great. Once you order in to eat, you gonna order to go for sure (that good!).
"Outsiders beware! This place has some great food. I didn't know what to say. I'm a complete outsider. I didn't know what to expect. We were driving around on an expedition and decided on this place. Fantastic. If you are looking for a heart attack in a meal.....this is your place!

The service is so nice. The people that work here really like their customers. The authentic friendliness has made me want to come back again and again. 

The menu is universally good. The kitchen puts out quality....thats all I can say. Caution! There might be 'bad for your health' delicious meals being served to you!"
My auntie and I just tried the lomi noodle soup and it was good.  Great comfort food on a cold richmond night!  Service was also very friendly.
"平價菲律賓家常菜館

菲律賓菜及烹調方式正如它的歷史文化一樣，深受西班牙殖民年代及鄰近亞洲國家的影響，再結合當地食材及特產，令菲律賓的料理菜擁有多元種族融合的特色風味，不管在煎、煮、炒、炸都能反映出來，例如配搭馬來西亞的椰奶、中國的春卷、烤乳豬、炒麵、泰國的魚露和魚醬、西班牙式醃肉（Adobo）都被運用在菜餚中。

Ongpin是菲律賓首都馬尼拉Binondo區的一條街名，由於它位於馬尼拉唐人街的中心，所以Ongpin菲律賓文也解作中國城""China Town""的意思。在溫哥華的列治文市也有一家菲律賓餐館取名為Ongpin，自2008年5月開業至今一直受到菲律賓同鄉及華僑捧場，生意做得很好，聞說與位於溫哥華菲沙街的菲律賓餐館Pinpin Restaurant是兩兄弟。Ongpin主打菲律賓風味的平價家常菜，我認為選擇家常菜才能體驗到真正的菲律賓傳統風味。

該店地方不大，共有14張餐桌左右，店內沒有精緻的裝飾但非常整潔明亮。餐牌提供多達一百款食物，包括有名的菲律賓Pancit米粉炒麵及西班牙式的Adobo醃豬肉等。我來到時餐廳剛剛開門營業，所以只有比我先到的一枱客，但不足十五分鐘後，店裡幾乎已坐滿食客，而且大部份都是菲律賓人，由此足見這裡的食物必定非常正宗和好吃。

 (Ongpin Value Meal #3) Chargrilled pork belly $7.95 ~ served with egg, rice, salad and soup"
Per recommendation by a friend, had dinner with another 4 friends with this restaurant and we're not happy with our experienced. The staff are friendly and accommodating and their service is good. We're dissatisfied with some of our orders especially the Beef Caldereta as it tastes different than the usual Filipino Caldereta. Lack of flavors and ingredients. The Grilled Pork Belly and barbecue are good. Their prices are fair with what you get. Will not go back here.
People are friendly but food is okay. I've had better. We had pork sisig, adobo pusit (squid), white rice, and sagot gulaman. The rice was well cooked but the quality of rice was so so. Not really much to this place. Place is old and need a lot of updating but at least clean.
"Great Halo Halo! 

Good for 2 people to share.

A little on the expensive side $9.00 something with tax and tip. (Under $9.50, I forgot the change amount)"
"Yes, this one deserves 5 star. After going to Epic Grill Silog located in Ewen Ave not long ago,   in New Westminster. We went to Little Ongpin and decided to order a silog- longaniza and fried rice. We skipped the egg was I already know what egg tastes like. Wow.. the luncheon regular they have was for approx. $7.99 ( rice, daing na bangus, lumpia and soup) Longaniza was a separate order. The customer service was superb and the meal came in approx. 10 minutes. All together, I paid close to $35  with an additional miki bihon noodles and we couldn't finish the entire meal, we brought home some. 

I'm not an employee of Little Ongpin and I couldn't care less if I'm paying them more or less. It was worth the drive. It was worth the money.

I'd definitely recommend this place. No, I wasn't paid by management. 
All I did was spend money and eat in this restaurant. Shame on you Epic Silog."
This place is one of those hidden gems that you would not be able to find if you were not a local.  Supposedly, this cook at this restaurant is a Chinese guy that lived in the Philippines.  However when we walked in, I think we were the only table that was not Filipino, so that is always a good sign.  This place is busy, it's also a fairly small place so tables are limited, I would estimate there to be about 14 tables total.  Moving onto the food, this place blows every single Filipino restaurant in the Seattle area out of the water, even grandma Inays on Beacon Hill has to bow down in silence.  We ordered the pancit, beef stew, fried milk fish, and a halo halo with ube ice cream to share.  The total for the three of us came to 33 dollars and we left stuffed.   Did I also mention that they have dinner specials that are priced between 6-8 dollars; which include rice, soup, lumpia and an entrée?  Now how can you beat that?!?!  Service was also awesome; everyone says thank you and good bye as you walk out.  Little Ongpin, you've got my vote!
Marcie was really helpful when we went in person to order enough take out for a Boodle fight. We got pork and chicken skewers, the chargrilled platter, Shanghai lumpia, kare kare, garlic fried rice and pancit. We bought the banana leaves and pandasal at Super Grocer and added cucumber and tomatoes and mango.
"I rarely take recommendations from my Mom about restaurants, but I trusted her with this one because she is the ultimate Filipino foodie. She told me to check this place out because it was one of her favorite spots to hit on her Canada trips and it did not disappoint! I love Little Ongpin!

I've tried the Pork Sisig here because it's a dish that I feel like is too much labor to recreate at home. THIS STUFF IS THE BOMB. They serve it to you traditional style on a hot sizzling skillet with a lemon and a pepper and the flavor is cray-cray! Crunchy, tangy and spicy all in one!

But what really blew me away was the halo halo here! When they served it to us, I honestly was not impressed. Boy, did my opinion change with that first spoonful! As we dug into the bowl of deliciousness, I felt a wave of nostalgia hit me like a bus. It was honestly like eating a bottomless bowl of dessert! Once you thought you were done, there was just more surprises at the bottom!

The servers here are your typical Tita Aunties and they are so cute. They make you feel really at home and the environment is really casual. Kind of like a typical restaurant in the PI!

They have a huge menu (maybe 80+ items) of Filipino Food Favorites that I still need to check out. Can't wait to try their other dishes!"
Visited for late lunch.. I took my American cousin from Seatle craving for ethic filipino food....he was very happy with the meal and service and gladly paid the bill for mussel dish ,lomi soup,3 skewers nto sure if he paid by USA $. I choose little ongpin  than kumare in Richmond too but the food here taste better. when I am under the weather with cold, I eat here for my comfort food just like it was made with care and love at home.  I like and love the owners as super duper nice , hospitality is awesome and the servers I forgot her name is so polite, cheerful , friendly.....I wish the owners and staff job well done and Merry Christmas and happy new year......
"first time to this place in a long long time...

honestly, we all had a very good experience. from the welcoming greetings, to the food, and of course the level or service...everything was good. 

wife had a craving for pinoy food, so we were close to little ongpin...so what the heck! 

we ordered pork sisig, chicken bbq with java rice, and a inihaw na liempo meal combo ( grilled pork belly with rice, egg, and soup), and a large garlic rice.

sisig was served nice and crispy and on a sizzling plate. my only complain was that serving size was smaller than most places. the chicken bbq came in 3 pieces. grilled to aromatic perfection, with the flavours of soy, citrus, and lemongrass seeping into the chicken meat. the grill pork belly was done perfectly as well. tender and moist and juicy. rice serving was good enough for a hungry man, and the egg drop soup was a nice touch. 

service was quick and efficient. our water goblets constantly refilled without being asked. 

for dessert, we had the classic leche flan ( aka creme caramel ).

excellently cooked with just the right amount of sweetness. 

will repeat for sure!! 

cheers! happy eating! 

jon"
"Growing up in a very proud Filipino household has resulted in me being really, really, really picky when it comes to Filipino food. When my parents are tired of cooking their own Filipino food, this is the spot that they come to to get their fix. Little Ongpin is one of the most authentic and best Filipino restaurants in town. 

Things to order from here: 
+ Chicken (or pork) BBQ sticks
+ Pork sisig
+ Lumpia (spring rolls)
+ Adobo 

I always get the $6.95 #1 value meal which comes with steamed rice, bbq chicken and 4 baby egg rolls. I usually substitute the steamed rice for the garlic fried rice, which I'd recommend doing. 

I also recommend getting the halo-halo dessert to share with your table. Halo halo is a large dessert (think shaved ice sundae) that consists of shaved ice, ube ice cream, green lychee, coconut, leche flan, plantains, and sweet red beans. Halo-halo in tagolog means ""to mix"", so this dessert is meant to mix all these ingredients together to form a sweet, delicious, slushy dessert. 

If you're on the hunt for authentic Flilipino cuisine, head over to Little Ongpin."
"Was visiting Vancouver with the fam, and my Filipino tongue kicked in. Yelped it, and found this place. It is located in a very tiny strip mall, busy cross streets, limited parking. The place is not too huge, but can accommodate a lot. I ordered the fiesta platter since there were the three of us. Also ordered the lomi on the side, and shrimp with veggies, and squid. Lotsa food I know- it aint gonna break my bank though their price were on the high side.

The wait time was ok, considering the amount of my order, but the waiting sometimes is not fun. I knew in my stomach that the food I ordered were freshly cooked. And the food arrived. The lomi, was actually good- it tasted just a bit salty, but I like it the way it was. The squid on the side was tender not chewy. The platter, omg, huge platter. The grilled squid on the platter came out chewy and hard, all other else were good, delicious.

Overall, the food was flavorful, very authentic Filipino food. If I ever come back to Vancouver, this is gonna be my first Filipino food stop. I recommend this place to ones looking for new taste."
"Just arrived in Canada and I'm starving. So my first stop after the car rental was a Philipinno resto called 'Little Ongpin'. Cute little divy place in a small strip mall that serves strictly Philipinno cuisine.
3.75 of 5 food quality
4.75 of 5 service
Canadian food prices are slightly cheaper than what I'm used to paying, so no complaints with the bill.."
"A small, cozy Filipino restaurant that can get pretty busy during the weekends.  Excellent service.  Friendly staff.  Food, pretty good.

I don't remember much from my life in the Phil., but I definitely remember the food.  And they have most of my faves from when I was young.

+ Palabok, is a rice noodle dish with shrimp sauce and topped with shrimp and chicharon bits.  It is just delicious.  Make sure to wipe your mouth after or you'll have a yellow smile the rest of your day from this saucy dish.  I've always ordered this dish every time I come or place a take out order.

+ Crispy Pata, is deep fried crispy pork leg that is just pure bad-for-you goodness.  It's one of those 'get your own!' dish.  I'm not sharing.

+ Dinuguan, is a stew made of pork blood.  This is an acquired taste, and not for everyone.  It can get pretty salty at times.  Must be accompanied with rice.  DO check yourself before doing on an all-out smile.  You've been warned.

+ Isda con tokwa, aka Fish and Tofu, is a delicious dish that my kids and I absolutely love.  Perfect with just plain white rice.

+ Calamare, is always a favourite of the little ones.

+ Halo-Halo with Ice Cream is a famous FIlipino dessert made of basically anything sweet from sugar palm, to beans, coconut, jack fruit, agar jelly, etc.  This is a sweet treat that can be shared.  But I prefer to have my own.

Overall, a place I would continue to go to for Filipino food cravings."
"The first time I came here, I thought this was just amazing.
The second time equally as good.
the third time it wasn't so good.  I can't remember the name of the dish, but it as Squid and it had the guts insideit and it smelled terrible and tasted awefull.
All the other times afterwards were decent, but we almost didn't come back that day we had that squid.

If you take that dish away and just eat the fried foods, it's terrific, nearly.
Home made Filipino food is alway and will always be better.  I haven't yet found a place that makes excellent restaurant quality Filipino food here in town yet.  Like this place, too many have their ups and downs.  Some days it is good, some days it is ""uh oh,,,what happened here?""

But if you need your fix and can't get it at home anymore and you are in Richmond, this is the only place to go.

It if weren't for that squid catastrophe it would have been a better rating.
We had to psyche ourselves into coming back.

I have to say, if you want to diet. don't eat here, cause all the good dishes are golden crispy!!! Yummmmm"
"I have a very satisfied dinner yesterday which is simply awesome! Frankly I wouldn't come here if it was not my gf's recommendation because her Filipino colleagues ordered port-luck from LO the other day...

It is located in a strip mall on No.5 Rd and Cambie, kinda hole in the wall set up but it's been here at least 6 years or more (from the pics posted by other yelpers). It has given me a new perspective towards Filipino food and I'm pretty sure I will come back for more.. Yes, LO is that good!"
"I have to highly recommend this place not just for the food !!
I had an embarrassing moment when I went for lunch and tiem to pay the bill I left my wallet at the office.the bill was $15 and the owner was super nice and trusted me to just come back. did not ask for my phone or name..just plain trust ...I gave my name and cell # anyways...I was  ill that day and needed comfort food..i ordered the Lomi soup + bar bq it was the best....I felt better ...KUDOS TO THIS PLACE.
thank you mrs and mrs filipino owners."
Came here after seeing all the reviews but I've definitely had much better Filipino food elsewhere. Had the pork sisig, garlic rice, & soup. Food was extra salty. Service was pretty slow but the restaurant was extremely busy during lunch time on the weekend. I don't think I would come here again.
It's a pretty good place for some tofu dessert.  Slightly different from the regular Chinese tofu as it doesn't come with ginger syrup. It does come with pearls.  It's not ultra smooth but pretty good. And it comes hot. Nothing super special and nit a whole lots of variety. Just a solid tofu pudding/dessert place. Also a little pricey for what it is. It's super easy and inexpensive to make.
Just like home! I love how fresh it is. I'm from Washington and I'll definitely be back!
"Located in an area that is slowly in development. It's a unique yet familiar dessert place. 

I wish that the decor was more pleasing and inviting, however, for me it was a grab and go situation on a nice day in the sun, the little we've been having this week.  

Taho is a unique tea/desert drink experience. It is half cream based. 

I am glad that I had a place that was close by and not so far away (In Richmond). This is the best Taho that I've had. 

Very awesome. Service was slow due to the advance orders, however, worth the wait. 

It is cash only. The customer service was awesome."
Absolutely delicious! Taho was amazing. I don't what they they did but it's just perfect.
Fresh soy pudding and all orders come with the sugar syrup and tapioca. Great to have a place that serves the pudding hot and fresh in this area.
My mom went and bought the medium bucket to take home.  OMG.  Heaven in a bucket.  It was silky, just sweet enough and warm, with the tapioca pearls... I can still taste it in my mouth.  I want to fly back to Vancouver just to have it.  I wish they had something like this in Toronto.  Sigh.  Another point for Vancouver.  Drool.
"The taho sold here tastes as if you were buying it from your local taho street vendor in the Philippines. Before I found this place, the only place close to me to get my ""taho"" fix is ordering Tofu Dessert from Pearl Fever - which itself isn't bad however the taho here is authentic Filipino taste in my opinion.  The only thing is the price but then again it is probably I'm used to the prices in Philippines.

By the way, they also serve pretty good Goto!"
"Ordering and waiting takes 10-20 minutes, not bad. Like other take-outs, you can either wait in-store or walk around Main Street. Service may not even take that long. So, I suggest staying to wait.

It's a comfort food that's always best consumed fresh and hot. Love it! Leftover is just as good. It is made fresh and comes with syrup and pearls in separate containers. 

The last taho I've had in this continent was still back in California, at Ranch 99. This one definitely beats it. Certainly, there are other ones I haven't tried yet but for now, this place will be holding the spot on my top list."
There Taho is always good, we come here all the way from Seattle just to buy it here, simply good, reminds me of the taho i would eat back in the Philippines when i was growing up that they sell on the streets, warm goodness
Great tasting Filipino taho and great value for your money! It's worth the drive from Richmond, for sure.
"It is a tiny joint.  Two tables, 4 chairs, and a counter.  Best for takeout.  I think you can probably order ahead as well just to be sure that they have enough.  All the local filipinos know about this place already.  

Definitely much cheaper than similar places in Richmond.  I would probably recommend the 1 L size if you're planning to share with 2-3 people.  

The taho itself is thicker than I expected.  I've had taho in the Philippines where it was silky and soft.  The one here is a slightly denser style, almost like unpressed tofu - which it basically is.  

They also sell frozen Vigan Longanisa sausages.  Pick some up if you've never had them before.  They're small, kinda like sweet and savory Spanish sausages."
"O! Taho provides fresh taho that tastes just like it would in the Phillipines, with a reasonable price as well. I wish I could give this place 5 stars. 

The decor is quite lacking, white walls with hand made paintings. I would prefer it to be a little more inviting and bright in there for the atmosphere. 

The other reason why I can't give it 5-stars is the wait time. The taho is made fresh, which obviously takes longer. I believe the wait time is too long to warrant the wait for the fresh taho. My mother and I wait there close to 15-20 mins for taho when it's just her and I in the shop. The staff also moves quite slow. 

The taho is amazing! I wish the service was faster."
"Their tofu pudding is soooo smooth. It's served warm with some syrup and tapioca balls. I'm not a big fan of the pearls but I tried them out anyways and to be honest I liked it better without. Just be careful and don't overdo it with the syrup. A little goes a long way. It's made to order or it seems like it. You'd have to wait for a short while after you put in your order. 

I also ordered the leche flan. OMG! sooo good. Will definitely come back for more. A rectangular tin of this costs $8 and it's so totally worth it. I actually prefer to have this on top of my tofu pudding so that there's some hot and cold and I think the 'caramel' sweetness tastes better than the actual syrup. Just my preference."
"Yeah, OK. Yelp wins on this one. It is as good as it gets, although I only know of Excellent Tofu in Richmond.  This place is way more excellent.
Thicker, almost custardy tofu pudding. They include syrup and bubbles with the medium 2L size for $12. Its made fresh, so its warm! I called ahead.  The other place is $8 for 2L but doesn't include syrup..but you can get a sweetened version. Here, its all unsweetened. So...value-wise maybe not as great? If they could give you the option not to include syrup and bubbles for $4 less, then this place would be a no-brainer.
The tofu bubble tea was too sweet for me, I'd ask for less syrup next time. Good bubbles."
"Truly amazing taho - always very fresh, but be sure to order in advance cause everything is made fresh. Compared to the place in Richmond this place you'll find it still fresh the next day and doesn't get watery.

Worth trying, is amazing here!"
I did not know anything about Taho and where it originates. It was pure coincidence to feel adventurous while on Fraser St to try something new and after reading the rave  reviews, it should be good. So Taho is a soy pudding and here they serve with thicker texture and still has the silky smoothness of the tau huay at Chinese places. I always preferred soy pudding with the thicker texture so this was a winner at first bite. It's a small family business and they make quality soy pudding. We did take out. They did not design their store as a dine in place.
Great place for halo halo on a warm day - best in Vancouver. Taho taste just the same as back home.
"This place has the best Tofu Dessert I have ever had. It is super smooth and fresh. Although how they serve it is Filipino style, as a Chinese Canadian, I love it. It is better than any Richmond dessert place I have gone to but then again I haven't gone to Richmond much in the past 5 years. 

This Tofu Dessert here can be eaten hot or cold. (I love it hot).  The only warning is that there is not much eat in space at this shop. I would recommend take out. 

The service is good!"
"Since I was close by, I ran into this small Philippine dessert spot that served Taho. Taho consists of hot soft & silky tofu which comes with a brown sugar topping and something of a boba pearls. Very delicious with a tasty kick.

This small dessert was only $5.00 and it is very much worth the value. This is very similar to other Asian places that served this type of item 

The only that that I didn't like about this place was it was served in a plastic takeout bowl which is not to healthy for since the food item was hot and served into plastic. Perhaps this establishment should be more environmentally friendly and used glass/ceramic bowls.

The lady working there was quite friendly and explained and assisted us in the order. 

Street parking is very easy to find and Is close to other neighbouring businesses. Could be a challenge to find during busier hours."
"I am not Filipino.

But every time I mention the word Taho to any of my Filipino friends, they will without fail, tell me a story about ""a taho man in the Philippines, who comes around and says ""Taho! Taho!"" and everyone rushes over to get some"". Each and every friend of Filipino friend of mine tells me this, no matter how long ago they were in the Philippines last.

So I had to check out this store. I knew Taho was a tofu pudding, so I just went in and got a large size of it to go. It came warm, fresh and with a side of ginger syrup and tapioca balls. I quickly went home and dug in. 

Mmmmmmmmmm! Man that was delicious. It was yummy, sweet, light, silky and comforting. I could eat the whole thing. That ginger syrup was gold!

I am a fan. Even though I've never met or encountered the famous TahoMan in the Philippines, this Fraserhood joint is definitely a winner to me!"
I have tried this place a few times for group parties but this was my first experience buying it at the location. I got a small size and they made it right away so it came hot and fresh! The woman that works there is extremely polite and friendly but the best part is the delicious TOFU PUDDING! It is smooth, soft, silky and with just a hint of sugar syrup, absolutely delicious! It comes with pearls and some sweet syrup but you can control how much you pour in at once. It is a good price at only 8$ a litre and i would definitely recommend it if you love tofu pudding!
"5 stars for the best taho I've ever tasted outside of the Philippines. 

Taho: a sweet comfort food dessert that consists of soft & silky tofu, arnibal (brown sugar syrup) and sago pearls. A staple dessert in the Philippines and can be found in both gourmet restaurants and street markets. 

My family usually sends me here to pick up taho for family parties or BBQs. It's a small little shop and definitely made to pick up and go. They specialize in taho, but they also have other Filipino desserts like halo halo and bubble tea. The taho comes in a few different sizes - personal, small, medium, and large. Everytime I've come here, I've picked up a large. And for $20, why not? It's a huge steal. When I say large, think of those huge 4L ice cream tubs you used to get when you were young at the grocery store. That 4L bucket is filled with taho, and trust me, it's delicious. 

My favourite part about the taho is the arnibal (brown sugar syrup) that you put on top. It adds the perfect amount of sweetness to the dessert. Yum yum! 

If you like taho or have never tried it and want to, this is the go-to spot!"
Just like being back home.  Yummy taho perfectly sweetened. Serve warm or cold. I prefer warm.
Simple little shop but has sweet tofu! I have not seen any big giant bucket sweet tofu for about 20 years at least since the Chinatown shop and before that near Venables area that used to have the 4 liter buckets used to sell for about $20 or less. Those were the good old days and this little tofu shop is the closest to it! Their sweet tofu was very smooth and included tapioca bubbles and additional brown sweetener. They have a few other tofu products and up to a liter size for the sweet tofu for $13 or $14 to this amount but when we were there, they did not have enough for this size and we bought the .5 liter at $8. I am still on the hunt for a large bucket sweet tofu for that is smooth and reasonably priced if anyone wants to message me!
"I grew up eating taho or 豆花 as it's called in Chinese. I've been meaning to try this place for years and after having a mediocre one at a dim sum restaurant, I knew I had to come here. 

I've had taho in several Vancouver restaurants and at Icy Bar and Meet Fresh and I'd say it's a tie between Meet Fresh and O Taho in terms of consistency and taste, but O Taho wins on price. 

The syrup was good and so were the perfectly cooked bubbles/tapioca balls. I personally prefer taho with ginger syrup but I am not going to knock a place for having traditional brown sugar syrup. Perfectly soft consistency of taho. People might think it's super easy to make this stuff but it's easy to burn it and it's also easy to overcook it and it's much firmer. Some places also cook it and there's too much soybean flavor but this was perfectly done. I can see why this place is so popular. A few people came to pickup their phone orders and they ordered so much they had to have a cardboard fruit tray (like when you buy a thing of it at Costco) to carry it all!

Our friends treated us to a medium (they got a medium to share too) and we could have easily finished it. Next time we'll take a large home, add some green beans and sesame balls in it too :D"
"Wow the hype is true, this is probably one of the best tofu desserts I've ever had! Super soft and silky and I love the brown sugar topping and pearl combination! Their pearls are also well cooked. I also love that the default ones are hot (imo, hot tofu dessert is better than cold tofu dessert), perfect for our rainy days.

The shop itself is tiny with two tables. Most people I saw got it to go (but it was a cold rainy day). The people at the counter were also lovely."
"Food/Beverage: Taho! For years I have been searching for taho that tastes like the ones sold in the streets (like in the Philippines). Prior to discovering this place, no one has come even close. Their taho is so good and brings back warm and fuzzy memories. The only difference is that they use tapioca instead of the traditional sago. 

Ambiance: Small. Very limited seating. Hole in the wall feel, so take out is best.

Overall: I always try to stop by this place whenever I visit Canada. In fact, I usually end up buying a 4 liter bucket and taking it home to enjoy for a week or so. 

Tip: Call ahead so you don't have to wait :D"
The most smooth taho in town! Small shop that specialized in making great taho!!!! Simple and hit the spot!
"O! Taho is AMAZING! 

I currently live in Washington state and drove up here just to try this place. I am so glad I did and I can't wait to come back! 

So fresh, just like having it homemade. It was so yummy it made me tear up. Taho isn't easy to find in restaurants and for a shop to be dedicated to taho is wonderful. 

The woman who was there is such a sweet lady too. 

A great experience. 10/10. 

Don't ever go away, O! Taho!"
Whoa, talk about epic tofu time! O! Taho makes the best tofu dessert EEEEVVVVVVEEEERRRR.... let me repeat that BEST TOFU DESSERT EEEEVVVVEEEERRR... sorry Mr.C grade 6, but seems my liberal use of the capslock button is warranted!  Its soft/smooth silky texture wit the taro/sugar they include SEPARATELY (personal preference is important) makes for some tasty dessert... oh also their spring rolls are uber good.  Quick tip, call ahead to book your order, that way you don't have to wait while they prep it for you FRESH!
"So glad I finally found this place. I always seem to not find it whenever we pass by Fraser. 

It is definitely a small shop with just a few tables and chairs. And decor is very bare and simple. Aside from Taho, they also sell Goto (filipino congee), empanada, barbeque, etc. 

They sell taho in several sizes so my friend and I each got a $5.00 single serving size. We noticed that they use pearls (like boba) instead of sago (softer tapioca pearls). Since my friend and I aren't fans of boba pearls, we opted to just get the taho with the arnibal (sugar) sauce. It was served warm and we both decided to just bring it home (where I cooked my own sago haha).

The taho and arnibal brought me back to my childhood! It tasted just like what I'd get in Manila! The taho was smooth and lovely and the arnibal was just right. 

Will definitely be back!"
Call ahead if you want cold taho! Otherwise just walk in for hot taho to take home. It was awesome.
I love soy and have a very specific taste for it. I like soy that does not crumble or break when you eat it with a spoon. I came across this place and it certainly is that. The soy is so good and they give you bubbles and molasses (i think) as sugar for it. They make it on the spot so it is warm and fresh when they give it to you. I will definitely keep coming back; and i think they are the only one in Vancouver who serves it this way. The space is small but does the trick, and is clean. The staff are extra friendly as well. They serve some other food, Filipino, I think. I will come back! Oh, just a tip, they only accept debit or cash.
"I came here fully intending to try the tofu dessert... but then I saw that they made halo halo, and it was all over. 

I'm so glad to find a place near home that makes this dessert. It's so good! They serve it to go in a tall, plastic drink glass, so it makes it easy to carry around while enjoying this. I had my halo halo right after lunch, so maybe it's wrong for me to say that it would be hard to finish one of these on your own. But it's a generous portion, for $7! Lots of filling, two scoops of ube & vanilla ice cream and just enough shave ice that you don't feel like all you're paying for is ice. 

Overall, really happy! It's not the hippest looking place on the block, but it's one of those gems. I'll definitely go back and order the tofu dessert, if I'm not tempted to get the halo halo again."
"Been looking for some soy pudding as the ones from supermarkets are pretty disgusting, the filipino style Taho here are excellent; they taste identical to the chinese ones so I'm glad I don't need to go all the way to Richmond

Came here on new years eve and they had tons of advance orders, I didn't bother calling in first and received mine in under 10 minutes which was really quick

Tastes awesome without the syrup and adding a little really enhances the sweetness, the pearls goes really well with the tofu

Pros:
+ Freshly made
+ Large bucket $20
+ Syrup/pearls
+ Just like the chinese ones

Cons:
- None"
Their tofu dessert is super yummy! Have gotten the small size to take home to eat several times and it still tastes very fresh the next day.
"love this place! this has been my go-to place to get my tofu pudding fix for about the past nine months to a year. the place i used to go to in richmond just wasn't cutting it.

this place is the real deal. even though i haven't had tofu pudding made by filipinos before, this is much like the chinese ones (if not, the same). it also includes pearls and ginger sauce as well (which the richmond location did not include). for $20 for 4L tofu pudding + pearls + ginger sauce, this is a lot better value than richmond. that, and the tofu pudding itself is definitely not as watery (meaning they use less water and more soy) and they don't cheap out on ingredients. you can tell by leaving your leftover tofu pudding in the fridge overnight. by morning, it is normal to see some water residual layer at the top of the tofu, but this place, compared to richmond's, definitely has a lot less.

tip: if you are ordering the larger containers of tofu pudding (they have small, medium, and large (4L), call in to order in advance. they make their tofu pudding fresh, so it takes them about 20 min to have it ready for you."
"Wow! This is the best taho I've had outside Philippines! It's simple and may be eaten for breakfast, afternoon snack, or heck for dessert. Their dining area is small. There is no room for a large group. 

They make their taho from scratch with small sized tapioca pearls and simple syrup. I was truly amazed it wasn't that sweet and the sugar didn't taste burnt unlike what they serve at Chow King in Vegas. I was also happy that their syrup was not gingered flavor like some Chinese restaurants does.

I ordered my taho hot and it's truly an amazing treat! Its consistency is super silky, creamy, thick, and smooth like no other. I also tried their Mais and Saba Con Yelo but their taho tops both!

When in Vancouver this is a must stop if you're deprived of superb taho in years! It's such a close drive to Granville Island and the famous Stanley Park. Thank you for an awesome taho (soya pudding)!

      O! Taho, you've earned my 5 stars!"
"One of my favourite food trucks in Vancouver. Their BBQ pork is amazing and I love pairing it with their market salad. Their vegan options are delicious as well. Portions are pretty good for the price and I usually have some leftovers for dinner, especially with the big plate. 
They are also the nicest people!"
"Made with LOVE.
Me and my mom's fav flipino inspired food truck. They have their own creative twist with every dish.

Highly recommend !"
"Sometimes I just want meat and rice. Fortunately, that's what JJ's offers. The basic order of meat and rice comes in a small container, but it's packed full. And the ratio of meat to rice is ideal.

Reasonably priced, tasty, and enough that I sometimes have leftovers. No wonder this truck has a strong following."
The only food truck in Vancouver that gives me hope. Delicious, quality food at a reasonable price, and a nice family business.
"Pretty awesome food truck parked a few blocks down from my workplace. Saw a coworker bringing back some delicious looking food from this place and thought I'd give it a try. My previous experience with Filipino food wasn't that good but this one definitely changed my mind. I went for the BBQ Pork Big Plate assuming it wouldn't be that much, and was pleasantly surprised by how big the portions are (it's how much I'd normally eat for two meals). 

The pork was marinated in a way that all the flavor is soaked into the meat, and very delicious. It's a bonus that their rice is perfectly cooked and neither clumpy or soggy (which happens at some restaurants). The meal came with a sunny-side-up egg, and this sour sauce (I wasn't a big fan of the sauce though, but since it comes in a plastic container it is completely optional). 

The owner also seemed genuinely nice and friendly. The only down side is there's only protein and carbs, a side of veggies would be great to balance it out."
"After searching in an around the Columbus area for authentic and not Asian fusion inspired Filipino cuisine, my quest has finally ended and it has taken me to Kuya Ian's Bistro. Here, you can experience traditional filipino fare without the pomp and circumstance of modernizing culturally distinct ""Pinoy"" taste. I sampled many dishes such as the dinuguan, a very distinct dish that is celebrated in every province of the Philippines. It can be spicy and tangy or sweet and savory but here they got it right. I also had a chance to savor the lechon kawali, pork belly deep fried well enough to get the skin cracklin. I could go on and on, but I'm afraid I might be running out of space. And don't forget the traditional UBE ice cream. Made from the purple taro root. If your Filipino, this is a must have after every heavy meal. The feeling is truly nostalgic and it will take you back to your most fond memories of Home. Great job Kuya Ian's Bistro!"
Y'all this is the best Filipino place in Columbus. The most authentic and legit food I've had in Columbus. It really embodies what Filipino food is meant to be, so I appreciate that. I ate far too much here because it was all so good. Definitely try one of the breakfast silogs and get a side of lumpia. And then get ready for your food coma. But seriously, this place is great. Tucked in the back of the Filipino market, this place is definitely worth a visit. Whether you've never had Filipino food, or you were raised on this there are things everyone will enjoy. Mabuhay!
I'm not sure about this restaurant yet. This is one of the restaurants that I thought it could be better, didn't quite meet my expectations but it wasn't so bad either. I got milkfish and pork siopao. Siopao tastes good but I have had better. The milkfish was ok. It's not bad but I'm not going to order again, also because of the value. Fish is quite small and skinny (a little bland), a cup of rice, and sides of onions & tomato salad + carrots & daikon. I'm gonna need to go back and give it another try on something different.
I had been craving Filipino food since moving to Columbus and I found this restaurant on Yelp a few weeks ago and had been dying to try it due to the reviews.  It's conveniently located just north of the intersection of Cleveland and 270.  The restaurant was clean and the staff was very helpful and pleasant.  We had a Groupon so, we ordered more than we would have.  We had the Siomai, Lumpia Sairwa, Chicken Lumpia, Pork Lumpia, BBQ Chicken sticks, and Chicken Pancit Bihon. The Siomai was a steamed dumpling of sorts and it was amazing.  All of the Lumpia had really good flavor and were tightly rolled. The accompanying sauces were delicious as well. The BBQ Chicken sticks were perfectly cooked and finished with an amazing flavorful sauce.  It's a tad sweet but it grew on me very quickly. The pancit was perfectly cook and seasoned. I only wish they had shrimp pancit.  I would recommend this little hidden gem to anyone who loves Filipino food.
Clean, friendly environment. Tasty food, casual dress, fast orders. Dine on or to go.
"After searching in an around the Columbus area for authentic and not Asian fusion inspired Filipino cuisine, my quest has finally ended and it has taken me to Kuya Ian's Bistro. Here, you can experience traditional filipino fare without the pomp and circumstance of modernizing culturally distinct ""Pinoy"" taste. I sampled many dishes such as the dinuguan, a very distinct dish that is celebrated in every province of the Philippines. It can be spicy and tangy or sweet and savory but here they got it right. I also had a chance to savor the lechon kawali, pork belly deep fried well enough to get the skin cracklin. I could go on and on, but I'm afraid I might be running out of space. And don't forget the traditional UBE ice cream. Made from the purple taro root. If your Filipino, this is a must have after every heavy meal. The feeling is truly nostalgic and it will take you back to your most fond memories of Home. Great job Kuya Ian's Bistro!"
Kuya Ian's is like a taste from home. Even newcomers who have never tried Filipino food will appreciate the tastes. Great price for the food and great portions. Buffets are served on afternoon weekends.
EXCELLENT!! My daughter and I stopped in today to try a different Filipino restaurant in Columbus and this one did not disappoint! BBQ Chicken Skewers, Pork Soimai and Pork Siopao to start.. loved the dumplings.. chicken skewers moist (typically chicken skewers are dry!) and the buns are sweet with a nice savory filling. I had the Lechón Kawali - Pork Belly fried to PERFECTION-dipped in the Banana sauce at the owners suggestion..SO GOOD!  Daughter had the milkfish which she enjoyed as well! Owners very friendly and helpful.. HIGHLY recommended and we will definitely be back!!!
Honestly there's nothing I could say about this place but GREAT!! We're from Cleveland and we drive all the way here (Columbus) to eat. Best filipino food in town, plus the service is great. The place is clean and the ambiance is okay. Worth the travel every time.
Had my wife's birthday dinner here. We were not disappointed! Robbie personally attended to our party as soon as we walked in the door. He pushed our tables together and made us feel comfortable, then he explained the different dishes and specials and told us to pick six courses. Then he and his staff built us a delicious six course platter on a rotating lazy Susan style serving tray (see pic). He also made sure that the guests who arrived late also received their food right on time :-) We will definitely come back here!
"This has become our go-to Filipino restaurant. We often venture from our NE Kentucky home 3 hours south for our Filipino dining. 
I wish I enjoyed Filipino dining more so I could give a more salient testimony as to the quality. 
I was disappointed they made us wait until exactly noon before they'd let us in. They knew how far we've traveled but rules are rules so I won't knock them too hard for that. 
I went next door to the Filipino market and spend more money."
I was in Columbus for a day and decided to try this place. I am very skeptical of Filipino restaurants due to the quality cooking at home I am used to, but decided to give this place a try. I ordered the Kare Kare. This place does not make it cheaply like many Filipino restaurants and only add the Mama Sita's mix, they use actual PB. They also used a good portion of fresh vegetables and had excellent rice with it as well. It is by far the best Filipino restaurant I have been to in America yet, that includes the chain ones and many others. The staff was also friendly and chill. The prices are just a bit higher than expected but they certainly are worth every penny.
Super friendly staff. Price is good. Service is a bit slow. Food is just okay. Lumpia is the best thing I personally have had there. Do get some. I've also heard the carioca is good there, but it's a hot commodity, so they always run out early. Hint: make more!
Great service. The buffet had a wide range of different filipino food that was delicious.
"This place is an absolute gem. The chef, and I mean chef, walked us through each of his dishes with great pride and helped us pick out an amazing ""bilao"" combo. Every dish was mouth-watering. Heck, the place even does fresh cucumber water. My only regret is that I was too full to try another 5 dishes. Will def be back."
"Just got home from dinner here.  The food was so good!  We all had the buffet and there was nothing on the buffet that I wouldn't get again.  I went with my Filipino sister and her family and they all loved the food as well.  Tonight there was a selection of 6 different entrees, garlic rice, a soup, 2 desserts and a bread.   

We actually went to Bonifacio for lunch and happened to overhear another table talking about a new Filipino place that opened up off Schrock road so we did a quick Google search and made plans for dinner.  

Staff was very friendly and the food was ready before we even sat down since we choose the buffet.  The table behind us ordered off the menu and seemed to get their food very quickly as well.  We will definitely be back as often as possible!!!

NOTE: they are brand new and haven't changed the sign above the restaurant so dont think you've gone to the wrong place."
This is a beautiful menu, there are items I've never seen before. I need to go back and try it. Anyways, I had the kare kare which is a peanut based stew with tripe. Both meat and tripe were tender and buttery - the tripe was well prepared and had no odd smells to it. I really hope this place stays around for a while!
Special people who make spectacular food.  Food made with skill and tender loving care.  Totally unique flavors and a pan fried snapper to die for.   The owner does wonderful interesting desserts.  The Turon Special is an egg roll wrapper hardened with Caramelized sugar.  These are recipes handed down.  They treat you like family and can't do enough for you.  Portions are extremely generous.  Prices for what you get are very inexpensive.   Come and try.  You won't be disappointed.
We enjoyed our lunch and will be back soon! Very friendly and helpful service. The chicken was amazing!
This place offers authentic Filipino food. I like that they don't try to Americanize their food and just really stick with traditional Filipino palette. The location is kinda off, I didn't expect that there is a restaurant hidden in that area. It is a sit down restaurant but then it's not on the fancy side. They serve cooked Filipino meals or you can order them on the spot. They USED TO HAVE a buffet every last Sunday of the month but because of some safety regulations (I believe), buffet is no longer offered. The have UNLIMITED TURO-TURO though. I don't enjoy this as much, for me it takes away the fun of the buffet. If this is gonna be this way (turo-turo) i think they should reconsider the price. Compared to restaurants who really offer Sunday buffet (with servers who take care of your drinks, condiments, etc) I think theirs are on the high side esp now that it seems more like a self serve.
Absolutely amazing food! We got the small Bilbao, and let the person taking our order choose the 5 plates to share family style. Everything was delicious and it was really enough food for 3. Couldn't recommend this place more
Not recommended on a hot day as it isn't air conditioned.  No table service and pop is $2/can.  The food wasn't bad.  My daughter liked the milk fish, but the Kare Kare was just okay.
"Want a large variety of delicious flavors? If so, I definitely suggest Kuya Ian's! The family style is cheap and allows you to try out different menu items. Everything I ate was great, but I especially suggest Lechon Kawali, Chicken Adobo, and Tocilog! 

If you haven't had Filipino food before, rest assured as the staff is very welcoming! One of the staff members was kind enough to walk my girlfriend and I through most of the menu items."
"Ordering delivery this time through Skip the Dishes... maybe I ordered on a bad day, because my first time here was pretty great. 
Items: pork lechon, panicit palabok, and lumpia. 

Lumpia was good. 

The lechon was hard and dry, and the rice that came with it was cooked with too much water. 

The pancit was missing meat. It comes topped with eggs and this shrimp mixture that reminds me of the stuff they put on top of Vietnamese banh beo. It could have used some greens or something acidic."
Good lechon Kawali and the breakfast menu. Have not tried lunch menu yet but will get it next time
The first experience I had here was amazing for a family style dinner. This past time for lunch I ordered the rice and egg chopsuey and was very underwhelmed by the garlic rice. It was not very flavorful as it was before and the vegetables were average without seasoning. It seems as if the taste depends on the day.
I was very skeptical when I first arrived and asked if they have or ever offer ginataang and the young man there didn't even know what I was talking about. But Food was good. Service was friendly. Selection/variety was okay. Wished they had just a bit more....(desserts/pastries)
Tasty food. Never had Filipino cuisine before. Will be stopping again. Authentic. The desserts were different (rice based) which is to be expected.
Best Filipino food in Town. And yes even better than your Lola's! Check out the buffet on the last Sunday of the month! BBQ on a stick is awesome and the flan is a great way to finish off your meal.
Wow, this place was fantastic! I happened to be in the area last week, and remembered it was nearby. I was greeted warmly and given time to explore the menu. I decided on chicken adobo and Biko for dessert. The chicken was so flavorful, I'm not sure i came up for air. The Biko was delicious and not overly sweet. I was told they do buffets on certain sundays, so I'll be returning very soon!
This is a hidden gem off the beaten path in Columbus. A lot of fun and exotic new flavors to try from the Philippines instead of the sometimes tired Chinese restaurants that are all over the place.  Family owned and operated and proud about what they do. Got a free dessert on our first visit. Try it, you'll like it.
What a find. The staff was awesome, helpful and polite. We had never had Filipino food before so I was a bit intimidated. We tried three appetizers and three mains. (Three of us) the steamed bums were outstanding! I had the pork belly with banana sauce. Hubs has the chicken adobo and daughter had the noodles. We sampled each other's and voted that the pork belly was the best. Will be back and bring friends
If you like Bonifacio, this place is even better. Incredibly nice owners, and the food is some of the best in town. Ask for the sisig (off menu) if you like pork.
"The presentation of the food is superb. The atmosphere is quite authentic. They encourage carry out and have limited seating. 

I loved the rice, the sauce on the crispy pork belly was so unique.  The appetizers were all impressively constructed. There were however numerous causes for concern. The milkfish was unappetizing, the crispy pork belly was dry and so hard. I'm just having trouble finding a dish that shines through and through. I think my next attempt will be a breakfast option."
"I'M FLIPPING FOR FILIPINO

Traveling on the road can be a culinary adventure. I left Chicago at 5am and pulled into Columbus at 1pm. I totally lost an hour with the time change too. I was really hungry and I knew I was going to be working till 11pm. I really needed a meal to make sure I didn't pass out.  I decided to open the Yelp App and found this amazing hidden Filipino gem! What? I'm Columbus, Ohio. Right? 

The place was very cozy and the staff was very helpful. I decided to try two things. The ""Pancit Bihon"" which is made with thick noodles and then sauteed in a brown sauce, mixed with sit-fried vegetables. There's a choice of adding chicken or pork. I went with the pork and I was so happy. It was closer to a pork belly that was lightly breaded and fried. Pork Belly comes two ways. It's really delicious or it's horrible. I would say that it was delicious here and it worked perfectly in the dish. I'm so glad I didn't get the chicken. The dish was also huge. I honestly couldn't finish it. I felt bad and asked to have a container. The chef told me not to worry because their dishes are made for two people. Wow! That's really thoughtful because sharing is caring. I was able to throw the leftovers into my hotel fridge for later. 

The kitchen is open and I could actually watch the chef cook my dish. It was fun to watch him create everything from scratch. He even had to fire up the stove. What's great about this is that my food was 100% fresh. Nothing was sitting, simmering or stewing and waiting for me to walk in. I can totally wait for good food because isn't that the whole idea about going out to eat. I believe so and I want my food fresh.  

I also wanted to try the app called ""Siomai"". It is a seasoned wonton style dumplings with pork meat and then topped with roasted garlic, green onions and lemon soy sauce. These were so good and a steal at only $3.15. I totally finished these because I couldn't stop. I would definitely order them again and I'm looking forward to my next trip to Columbus. 

The chef was super nice. He also gave me a bottle of a special Filipino citrus sauce for my dish. He warned me that a little went a long way. It was basically a sweet and sour citrus sauce and it was really good. He also gave me real citrus wedges to squeeze on my dish. So I had the option and I definitely used both. While I was eating another person came to my table and asked how I liked it. They then told me I could buy all the ingredients at their store next door and make it at home. How do they know I'm a chef? Did someone tip them off. Ha! I haven't tackled Filipino food but I'd definitely be willing to give it a go in the kitchen. 

The chef was really nice. I learned that he was actually driving to Chicago the next day to pick up ingredients for the restaurant. That's real dedication to drive to  Chicago to get the authentic ingredients to make these fantastic dishes. I'm also glad that the Columbus community embraces this authentic food. I love it when people try new food and stay away from the giant chains. The food here is made with so much flavor and love. I wish I lived closer because I'd probably eat here weekly."
So happy a friend discovered this place and  spread the word to us! We tried a few dishes and my favorite was the crispy pork and vegetarian pancit. The pork skin was crispy and the meat was tender, the pancit had some really great flavors and I couldn't stop eating that. We also ordered the curry lamb(don't recall the name), it was more bland that it looked probably just needed some more salt or fish sauce but the rice that it came with was great! Definitely will go back to try the other foods and go to the supermarket next door!
"We got a good lunch at a great price. I was impressed. 

I ordered the chicken inasal which came with rice. I thought the rice was a little bland, and there wasn't really a sauce on the chicken to help. The flavor of the chicken was fantastic. I also tried my husband's BBQ pork, and it was very good. 

We walked around the grocery store while waiting for our food, but it didn't take long at all. We also tried some of the desserts they had boxed up on the counter. The white ones were tasty. I'd probably skip the orange ones."
Probably a pretty authentic Filipino place, not low fat or sodium but you're not going to be coming here for health food. Pork belly was decent.
My first time here with a couple friends so we got the family style option that allowed us to try five different dishes. Everything was delicious and the people were so nice. I would definitely come back and I recommend this place to everyone!
The best Filipino restaurant in Columbus. I love how fast and friendly their service is. I got the fried pork belly with rice (lechon kawali). The sauce they had for this dish was so good and perfect to dip your pork belly in. I also got the halo halo dessert. It wasn't my cup of tea since I didn't like how they cooked the beans and the milk. I like my beans to be more soft.  Overall, it was a great experience and I would love to try different dishes they have there.
Walked in starving, left with extras. Pork belly is always good and so is the egg rolls!
"Geez, I had to come to Ohio to satisfy my Filipino food craving. Living in Tampa, this is one thing that I've found lacking here in this city. Authentic Filipino food! There are a few Fil-Am restaurants and food trucks that I've been to, but they all serve Filipino fusion style food. So imagine my joy when I walked in this place and saw so many familiar dishes that I hadn't had since my parents went back home. I didn't want to miss out so my brother and I ordered pretty much everything they had with a few exceptions. I've never been so full! The dishes tasted just like how I remember them tasting growing up. I ate here for three days that I was in town. Our orders came with rice (of course) and one of my favorite to order is sinigang. I can't get enough of the sour soup on rice! 
A few of my favorites also included their lumpia with the vinegar dip, dinuguan, menudo, lechon kawaili, longanisa and of course halo-halo! I even got to order puto which I've been looking for for awhile now. 
Overall, I was satisfied with every dish that I've ordered and the people who run the place are super friendly. Maraming Salamat."
"Two words: TRY EVERYTHING 

We ate here late one night and the owner was so nice. I'm a fan of quality family owned restaurants and this one is becoming one of my favorite. 

We tried lechon with garlic rice, bbq sticks, both of the siopao, and hotdogs. I recommend trying the garlic rice instead of plain rice. The flavor was just right with little pieces of garlic. The bread part of the siopao was soft and yummy. This place flavors their food very well and we will be back!"
"Great menu, great food. Gives one exposure to a new cuisine. 

I will enjoy returning to experiencing more."
"The place from the outside looks ok, but the food is amazing! The beef stick with garlic rice and spring rolls was very tasty. Let's just say...$20 gets you enough for 2 meals +some.
Will definitely be back and the staff was super friendly and inviting."
"So I Love Filipino food. It's hard to get here in the Midwest - and so I was super thrilled to find an authentic Filipino place on our way through Columbus. 

The Good:

The menu is legit- covers a swath of favorites from different regions and has a big focus on all-day Filipino breakfast with garlic rice and different meats. 

The Garlic Rice with a fried egg was spot on and wonderful. 

The Lumpia (meaty spring rolls) were very good. 

The Eh:

Both the meat dishes we had left a bit to be desired. We had sweet marinated pork with the garlic rice, but the cut used was pretty grisly and a little rubbery and not crispy or caramelized at all. The flavor was spot on, but the texture wasn't quiet right. 

Chicken Inasal is one of my all time favorite foods. I first had it in Bacolod- where it originates and so it's almost unfair to compare- but this chicken didn't measure up. It was tasty grilled chicken, but not nearly as flavorful as Inasal I've had before. 

Over all: 

I would come back and try some other things- a table by us for the big family style meal, and much of that looked great, including the bbq skewers. The milkfish and Pancit also seemed popular. We may have just chosen items that were not their specialty. Check it out for yourself!"
My family and I had their traditional kamayan dinner and it was a delicious feast which we couldn't finish. We were served Lechon kawali, a crispy pork dish, fried milkfish and chicken adobo along with lots of rice. All of the dishes were authentic and as good as any we have had in Manila. The dessert was fried banana which was addictively good. Everything was served on banana leaf making this a one of a kind Columbus dining experience. The price for all that food was very reasonable. And the people who run the restaurant are very warm. Highly recommend this place.
"It was my first time eating Filipino food.  Why did it take me so long to try it.  We had a family style meal which consisted of chicken adobo,  grilled chicken with rice, thin noodles with veggies, pork in a tomato sauce , crispy fried pork belly.  We also had a side of pork and chicken skewers.  We ended with a dessert drink called Halo Halo, which is like a drinkable Bingsoo.  Yummy!

There was not a single thing that wasn't delicious.   I loved the chicken adobo most , the sauce was amazing.   

Not only was the food good,  the guy working there (maybe an owner) was very friendly.

I look forward to going back to try other dishes."
This place is such a hidden gem! Whenever I get home sick or want something as close to my Filipino mom's cooking as I can get, Kuya Ian's is my go to place! Authentic Filipino food for a price you can't really beat.
"This has to be the go-to place for Filipino food in Columbus. If you've onyl been to Bonifacio, then you need to check out Kuya Ian's, because it's the real deal when it comes to Filipino food at a more affordable price. You order at the counter, and they will bring out the food to your table, and there is quite the selection to choose from. You'll notice that there is an extensive brunch menu which is pretty common to be served all day and comes highly recommended.

On this visit, we skipped brunch and went straight for the traditional appetizers and dinners. The pricing is pretty low so I suggest getting a whole variety of starters if you've never been. Some favorites included the BBQ satay, Siomai, Siopao with pork, and any of the lumpia dishes. In my opinion, the lumpia here is way above that at other places in town.

For the entrees we split the Lechon, fried milkfish, and chicken adobo. Once again, I recommend just ordering a few dishes for the table, so that you can get a taste of everything. I wasn't a huge of the milkfish, since it is a quite fishy dish, and there's not a whole lot of meat on it. I'd skip this one. However, the lechon is a must! Those tender pork parcels were so delicious and tender on the inside with a nice and crunchy exterior. The sweet dipping sauce pairs perfectly with the saltiness of the pork belly. The chicken adobo fairly standard but still good, so you can't really go wrong there.

And of course, you really shouldn't end your meal without getting a Halo Halo to go, because this milky, shaved ice dessert is deliciously creamy with a whole assortment of tropical fruit! It's almost a meal on it's own, honestly.

I'm really happy that Columbus is growing so much that we're able to get multiple restaurants from some less familiar cultures. It also creates some good competition leaving us with restaurant owners putting out some of the best products to showcase their cuisine. Kuya Ian's is one of those spots and a must stop for any culinary adventurer in the area."
"We just had one of the best Filipino feasts that we've ever had at Kuya Ian's bistro! We had barbecue on a stick, Kari-Kari, and the best dinaguan I've ever tasted... Oh and some scrumptious lechon!! All served with fantastic rice!!! We are excited to come back and order breakfast, and before we leave the area back to Western Kentucky, we will stop by the store and stock up on longanise, Tocino and other yummy things!!

Also, the people running it are super nice, it was such a great experience!!"
"We stopped in one Sunday late morning and saw that it was open. The food smelled delicious. The owner offered a buffet price for what they had ready in the steam table.  Since this was the first time here we jumped at the chance of sampling what they had.  

Everything was so tasty! I especially loved the Adobe chicken and a sour soup with pork.  We also tried the coconut and jackfruit stew. Firsts for us. We had the sausages and eggs with steamed rice. 
There was also fried fish that was crispy like chips.  

We enjoyed everything.  We didn't try the blood sausage for religious reasons so we can't offer an opinion on that.  I took photos of the foods we did try. We also ordered the fried lumpia. Chicken filling. Comes with sweet sauce.  All yummy  

We ordered water, 2 buffet orders and lumpia and was done at $44

Will definitely visit again."
"I come here a lot with my group of friends. Whenever we crave authentic Filipino food, we come here!
They recently changed their menu, but everything is still fantastic. The food is authentic, flavorful, and delicious. Everything seems homemade and fresh, it's addicting. You really can't go wrong with any dish, or better yet, buy an entire family tray and you can try many different dishes.
I don't have a specific recommendation because everything is good and that is rare. It's easy to come here and feel like family or community. Every person I've met here is super nice and accommodating. Their food is impressive and affordable for the portions and flavors.
There's plenty of parking, but this place is tucked away in a little shopping plaza. There are many tables, but usually that's not a problem. If you're looking for some good good Filipino food, this will not disappoint.
I recommend this place for small or big groups, family outings, casual dates, authentic culture, and just delicious food!"
This restaurant was awesome! The customer service was first class and food was great. I really enjoyed trying different dishes thanks to their family style dining option where you can choose multiple dishes for a collective reduced price. Unfortunately I cannot remember the name of one my favorite dishes but ask for the red marinated chicken and hopefully they know what you're talking about!
"Love this place!! Probably a more authentic option as opposed to Bonifacio's. 

Seems like it's family owned! They were so nice! We were in the store next door and the father told his kid to lead us to the restaurant through a few doorways. Pretty cool!

We walked in here and just ordered to go which seems to be what a lot of folks were also doing. I did see a few groups eating in here. We got here around 11:45 and ordered lumpia and chicken adobo. I could smell all of it as the kitchen is in the same room as the dining area.

Prices are reasonable too!

Lumpia was the best thing ever! Homemade and just so tasty. The chicken adobo was definitely a good choice, although my mom makes it better. It tasted lighter and healthier. Not as seasoned like my mom does but I get that people in Columbus want healthy and not sodium-infested stuff.

No issue to me! I'd still come back and try everything on the menu!! 

Space is small though so it would be better for groups of up to 4. Not sure when they get busy but right when they open on Saturday is not a bad time to come!"
"Small place, in a half empty strip mall (the best kind of place.)  Clean inside, comfy enough, with super friendly and helpful owners.  They are enthusiastic about the food, and it shows.

I ordered a lot so that I could take some to my coworkers.  Pork lumpia, chicken lumpia, siao mai, lecheron kawali.  The lumpia were the best I have ever had.  Seriously: great filling, perfect flaky wrapper, large portion.  Add some sauce if you want, but it is not necessary- they taste amazing already.  The siao mai were pretty much what the name suggests, similar to shu mai or however you want to spell it from a dim sum cart: wonton dumplings with a meaty filling.  Very good.  The lecheron was deep-fried hunks of pork, reminiscent in a way of carnitas.  Meaty and fatty, with crispy edges, served with rice.  You do need some sauce for these, at least once in a while, because they can be dry in some areas.  Still, very good, and a large portion.  My coworkers enjoyed what I worked very hard to save for them...

Canned pop, plasticware, but I really didn't need anything but my hands to eat.  Columbus is lucky to have such a variety of ethnic cuisines, and such good versions of them."
"Halo Halo literally means mix mix and it is so good and it is a must try! 

The fired pork so far is my favorite but I'll be back to try more and I'll keep y'all updated:"
So glad I found this authentic Filipino restaurant after checking out the nearby huge park! They were respectful of COVID precautions and service was very quick. We got chicken pansit, pork bbq skewers, chicken adobo, beef tapsilog, and lumpia. All were delicious. Can't wait to try this place again when we're in the area.
I actually found a Filipino restaurant I like.   I usually don't like Filipino restaurants bc they don't measure up to what my gradmothers cooking but I was pleasantly surprised.  I would definitely go back when Im in Columbus
"This place was just ""ok"". The food wasn't the greatest but works for a good place to go when you crave last minute Filipino food. Mainly because Filipino cuisine is extremely limited here in the area.

Do not get thrown off by another comment on here stating ""best in America"". Apparently he has never been to a Filipino infested community like Daly City Mira Mesa or West Covina where everyone's mom owns a restaurant.

Overall, yes I'd eat here again. Not cause it's a must try, but simply because it would satisfy Filipino food cravings."
"I've been to Kuya Ian's many times, the most recent one during the pandemic. It never fails to disappoint with its amazing flavors! This has easily become my favorite spot for Filipino food in Columbus given the combination of its authenticity and fair prices.

First off, the food. I have had a variety of items here, so I'll just focus on the most memorable ones. I'm a huge fan of their brunch. Specifically, their Longsilog (sausage) and Tapsilog (cured beef) are absolutely delicious. The longanisa is fatty, juicy, and garlicky, definitely enough to turn a bad day into a good one. The garlic fried rice and fried egg that come with the breakfast are great too, and complement the meats well. Other standout dishes for me are the chicken adobo (a classic) and the lechon kawali (fried pork belly). The chicken adobo, while more mild in flavor than others I've had, has a very nice flavor to it. The lechon kawali is fried perfectly each time and just melts in your mouth. I love when food just melts when I bite into it...

If you want to try many things, I highly highly recommend bringing several friends and getting the bilao. You can choose an assortment of items and it's presented in this giant circular spread. I get excited just thinking about it!

The restaurant itself is pretty small and unassuming, but I promise you the flavors more than make up for it. Given how good the food is and the fair prices, I will keep coming to support Kuya Ian's, even through the pandemic!

Food: 4.5/5
Ambiance: 3.5/5
Service: 4/5
Price: 4.5/5
Overall: 4"
I came here as recommended by my fellow Filipino friend as I was craving for a good filipino food. I ordered the Bilao which includes pancit, chicken adobo, garlic fried rice, lechon kawali, bangus and pork barbecue. My favorite was lechon kawali and pork barbecue! It was delectable! Never had such good filipino food in a while! It's a must to eat there if you want authentic filipino dish! No regrets for ordering the bilao although I was just by myself. It was a lot of food! The rest of it which was to go, I shared with my family and they loved it. I will be coming back next time if I visit Ohio. Special mention to Mr. Ivan for being so kind. He gave me free puto.
"Excellent service, delicious food.

Pre-quarantine/COVID-19 experience.

Stopped in for lunch and had a delightful experience. Since this was during a weekday and we were a little early we were the only ones there.

There was seating for about 12 people, and the dining room was small.  The owner/grill cook greeted us when we entered.

We grabbed a menu and placed our order. He suggested walking next door to his sister's grocery store, Chuchay's Market, while our food was being prepared.

Everything from the dining room, menu to plates and plastic ware was simple except the food. It was delicious, and tasty.

Appetizer
Lumpia $4.95

Main 
Pork/chicken bbq $7.50
Chicken Inasal $7.50

Dessert-Baked goodies from the counter.
Puto & cuchinta 


The lumpia was small, crispy spring rolls that were very delicious. The sweet red pepper dipping sauce was yummy.

Both meals came with rice. The bbq pork/chicken comes on a stick and they were tasty! The Inasal was 2 thighs cooked perfectly and very tender.

The desserts were yummy and I had trouble saving some for later.

Overall this place was really great and I can't wait to go back.


** High chairs available - yes"
"Met some acquaintances for lunch last Sunday. This place was actually picked because one of the owners told a friend about their Sunday buffet. Unfortunately, unbeknownst to us, after arriving, we were told they had decided to nix the buffet EVERY Sunday. They're looking at offering it one Sunday a month, possibly. Unfortunately, they were not setting out the buffet on our afternoon visit. 

Oh well, we were already there. A few appetizers started the meal. BBQ chicken skewers were good. The teriyaki sauce is on the sweet side. The veggie spring rolls were interesting. Huge in size, but somewhat cumbersome when attempting to dip it in the peanut sauce. The veggies were very fresh and crisp. Slightly pickled. The peanut sauce is the consistency of chilled, solidified, gelatinous beef pot roast colored substance. I took a double-take, but was assured it had good taste. Yes, good peanut flavor, not that truly appealing to the eye. Oh, and the wrap is a bit of wasted space. So much green lettuce and rather tasteless thin wrap. I picked out the veggies, dipped, ate. Repeat. 

Breakfast entrees are served all day. I got their Chixsilog. Quite good. Sweet vinegar mixed with the soy was great flavor. The marinaded chicken was tender and juicy. The fried egg on top of rice was a good topper. 

Since I had a Groupon to spend, I got one chicken and one pork Siopao and a Halo Halo for dessert. The steamed buns (Siopao) were big. Not much filling in the middle, so be aware. The buns were soft and good flavor, though. And the Halo dessert? The name conjures images. Yep, fitting. Big, no huge, sago (homemade tapioca pearls). Sweet and chewy. Loved those! All the fruit ingredients made a giant glass of fruit cocktail. The milk melded everything - smooth. First time for this dessert, and I'm a fan. 

This restaurant was clean. The gentlemen behind the counter were very polite and enthusiastic about explaining the dishes. They were more than happy to give samples. The food is cooked out in the open. With them just opening, they do not have dish ware/silverware. Everything is served in styrofoam to-go containers, with the customary plastic forks and spoons. Several 4-top tables. A Filipino soap opera was playing on the tv. Interesting touch!

Several good dishes were sampled, and I'd like to come back and try - the beef soup, the Filipino sausages just to name a few. Solid choice!"
So I was really excited I found this place totally by accident. I went online to order and waited in the parking lot as I wait for them to finish my order. I ordered the chicken satay and it came with rice. As I waited I went into the gift/bakery shop next door. Super cute spot. Okay so back to my food. I was not that impressed with my food. Maybe it was what I ordered ,but to me it lacked spice and flavor. I will have to go back and order something else and see. Overall, it wasn't bad but wasn't good either. I ate it because I was on my lunch break. The employees were super nice.
Visited here three times now and always a great experience with customer service and delicious authentic Filipino food. We would come more often if we lived in the area! Thanks Kuya Ian's Bistro!
"First time visiting. It's located in a small strip mall next to a Filipino groceryb store. First impressions:  The outside is nothing to write home about. And the inside is on the smaller side. However, the friendliness of the guy behind the food counter made up for the lack of ambiance.

The food here is what I would call street food - authentic, no frills, not Americanized. We tried their fried tilapia, adobo, bikol express, and diniguan. Kuya Ian even gave us some sinigang broth for free. The food was all delicious.  We also tried their halo-halo. Yum. 

I would definitely return. The food was a little pricey buy we left very full and satisfied. 

Salamat, Po."
Authentic Filipino Food!! Delicious home cook meals.. Feels like you're in the Philippines...
"Living close to a good bakery is dangerous..especially since I can smell them baking about 2 blocks away at my house...like a moth to a flame...I am lured by the intoxicating smell of sweet baked breads, cakes, coconut buns...mmmmmm...coconut buns...

This Filipino bakery has a wide range of traditional baking as well as other Filipino traditional fare to enjoy! I have yet to venture on from the baking to a lunch dish but I will get to it one of these days...."
I love the spring rolls.  Goldilocks Filipino bakery is dangerously good.  Using traditional ingredients like coconut, red beans and taro, it's a dessert place that you might need time to get used to.  The fried foods and honey-glazed varieties of sweets are very sinful but worth it.  More for a western palette, the chocolate, mocha and vanilla flavoured sweets are delicious. I really like the cakes and donuts as well.  The staff is really friendly.
The chicken adobo was unremarkable, just OK, and served a little cold (probably reheated when I ordered it.)
Favorite teriyaki I eat way too much of this stuff, combo plates all day with double chicken breast and an extra side of teriyaki is the way to go!
Lumpias were very small and expensive for how much I got. Otherwise food was good if you like to spend a lot at a food cart.
The food here is good. I got a bento (tempura veggies, steak and pork for the meat options) and my partner got the adobo. It was pretty good, very satisfying to eat. The location also has a place where you can wait away from the rain, which is nice.
"I've stopped here twice and had okay experiences each time.  My favorite is the lumpia - light and crunchy.  I have gotten the pancit with lumpia and the last time my chicken was gray in color ... I enjoyed the lumpia and couldn't stomach the thought of eating discolored chicken. 

I'd go back to order Lumpia at $1.25 a piece."
we've been coming to lu's for yrs, and did so recently on sunday for lunch....we had the grilled shrimp, rice, and salad....lu is the friendliest and the food is superb....she is quick and efficient...during covid 19 we picked up initially, then phase 1 re-opening took place and the food cart pod has physically distanced tables still......we were masked up and so were the customers/vendors ...be sure to tip big during these challenging times...
Came across this cart on accident. It didn't have any reviews yet and I usually Yelp check... But their Filipino food got me curious enoygh. I ordered Lumpia, pancit and the lechon. Everything was surprisingly good!!! The Lumpia was paired with a vinger hot sour sauce... Pretty sure they made it themselves, its hot sour sauce I've never had before. I thought the noodles in the pancit looked a bit dry but nope, it was perfect. Lechon kawali was so good too, the sauces to were so right. Authentic Filipino food. Also, fast and friendly service. I'll be coming back.
Great food - I loved their lechon kawali. The service was fast and friendly. The lady was very pleasant as well!
Very good food. We are regulars and the quality is always consistent. The lady is very friendly! We love everything on the menu but always get the lechón kawali and beef teriyaki bowl. The desserts are super yummy too! Delivery is always fast and accurate also.
Yummy chicken teriyaki bowls! Lu's has all sorts of options, but I'm a personal fan of the chicken Teri bowl with thigh meat (you can get breast meat if you like). Good portion of rice and meat, with a small side salad. Salad could use a better dressing, but maybe that's just me. The lumpia are also great. Only a buck a pop and fried fresh to order. Nice folks as well.
This is denitrify one of my favorite food trucks in Portland. Every time I come here the sweet lady guides me through all of the ingredients and what I will like best. Everything is very flavorful and filling. Never had a bad experience ever since I've been coming here. 10/10 customer service. Thank you!
I love this food truck! The food is filling and delicious especially for the amazing prices, and the teriyaki sauce is the perfect amount of sweet and tangy. I visit this place as much as possible. GREAT place, great service, and great food.
"*I've only ordered through Postmates, so eating at the cart itself might be different. 

I've eaten the food 4 or 5 times, and this is how I would rank the dishes. 

Lechon - delicious, best dish that the cart makes. The skin is nice and crispy and he just right amount of fat. Also the portion size is quite substantial. 

Teriyaki chicken - a little bit better than average, it's not the best, but it's definitely not the worst. 

Tempura - I usually order the bento and the tempura comes with it, and it's nothing special, but you do get a lot with the order and I love tempura. 

Kalua pork - had some good flavor and was very tender. 

Chicken adobo - eh. It was pretty bland and nothing about it was impressive. I would not order again. 

Overall I'm giving it 4 stars because the lechon is really good and the food is priced very reasonable."
"As a Japanese-Filipino gal myself, I really appreciate Lu's Teriyaki for serving solid, straight-forward Japanese and Filipino food. I normally order Lu's combination plate with teriyaki chicken and beef (comes with rice, yakisoba noodles, and salad), and recently tried their banana lumpia as well.

Let me start with the combo plate: While I wouldn't necessarily say this is a life-changing teriyaki plate, Lu's Teriyaki still satisfies my teriyaki craving and leaves me happy, full, and with leftover too, for a relatively affordable price of $12. For these reasons, I'm definitely a fan. The chicken is always cooked properly and I like that the beef is sliced thin and is generally pretty tender. I also like that the yakisoba noodles have a nice chew to them and are generously coated with teriyaki sauce. I like that the teriyaki sauce here leans more on the salty side rather than the sweet side. The only downside of the plate is that the salad portion is a bit small for my liking and that the lettuce can be a tad lukewarm since it's by the rest of the warm food.

About the banana lumpia: I wish I tried these sooner...these are absolutely fantastic. Try it! I recently shared an order (2 pieces for $4) with my boyfriend, and I wish I got two orders just for me! I haven't had banana lumpia in years, and Lu's banana lumpia reminded me of the banana lumpia I'd eat as a kid in Hawaii at my Filipino family gatherings. The wrapping was perfectly fried and the banana filling tasted so good. I loved how ripe and sweet the bananas were, making the taste and texture of the filling absolutely perfect. When you're at the Piedmont Food Carts, this is a must get! 

One last thing to note - Lu's Teriyaki is right next to Spaghettaboutit. I noticed that Lu's had a sign posted that said something to the effect of: ""If I'm not here, you can find me at Spaghettaboutit."" Long story short, it turns out that the lady at Lu's (presumably Lu?) and the guy at Spaghettaboutit are husband and wife! How adorable is that? They both own food carts and have them located right next to each other. They are absolutely #relationshipgoals."
First time here, I had chicken teriyaki with a side of gyoza. Five stars for the food cart trifecta: fast, friendly and delicious.
"ever since i tried this bright and interesting purple looking log cake @ my nieces 1 month birthday last summer... i have been craving its soft spongey sweetness again.
I had it again for easter dinner at my bro-in-laws place...and i kid you not, i can probably eat that cake everyday for a week and not be sick.  

so when i was in charge of getting dessert for another friends easter dinner the following night...i had to locate that cake since i was STILL craving it!  
ecstatic to know goldilocks opened up right around the corner from where i lived, i set off by foot to find it.  when i got there, i had no idea what it was called. the girls behind the counter were busy with 3 customers and another one just walked in after me...i stared at the yummy display of goodies but couldnt figure it out..a quick call to my bro-in-law and was told it was called Ube.  
I saw Brazo Ube and got myself a half log.  $10.75... not bad at all!  A full log is $22 i think...
When it came time to have dessert...after cutting into it, i was disappointed to find that it wasn't the purple cake =(   it was still delicous...super soft and moist... just not the same.  the next time, i will make sure to ask the LADY WORKING there instead! lol"
"A satellite store near my place.small but still theres few tables to eat your food.
the place is located beside a big catholic church and if theres a mass the place can get busy.

This bakeshop is really known in my country for good cakes and other baked items,its famous aswell for desserts like leche plan ube,cassava etc...the old time favorite polvoron and lumpiang sariwa you can also get from here.

I dont really know whats the real deal why the broadway branch closed,but recently a production site was opened along fraserway.This site is only for take out plus large orders and cathering.

My favorite item in this place is brazo de mercedes its a cake made out of egg sometimes they made  one with taro(UBE) flavor but for me i prepared the original one....another is the lumpiang sariwa(fresh spring rolls) this one is made out of the strips of palm heart cooked with either shrimp,chicken or pork...its sauce makes it taste immaculately good..sweet and infused with peanuts and garlic...if cooked foods are available i also buy crispy pata and beef caldareta.

The service is now okay after all thereviews of the one that closed,...the broadway branch sad to say the service sucks and very horrible in there...

No wif,no tv,small palce but clean havent notice if theres public wash room.free parking by the street or metered one...neat with minimal decors....accept card,cash and debit card...average noise level not on sunday though

Pricing i gezz is just right...come and chect the place enjoy filipino delicacies...i HOPE service will stay good from now on...MABUHAY"
"Remember how I said I save my pennies for cake. This is where they get spent.

Since the beginning of Jas, I have had a relationship with Goldilocks. Thirty one years ago, when there was only one store, my parents and my aunt have been buying my birthday and other special occasion cakes from Goldilocks (well, minus those dark years that they decided to skimp and buy grocery store Black Forest Cake)... my first Goldilocks cake was for my baptism. I have a picture... true story. 

Fast forward many, many years and I still love them. I am so glad they are even the einsiest bit closer to me because of this newer store... there is free parking in the area if you are willing to walk. For you cake, anything. This is why I am fat... because delicious cake is only $9 for half a log. Because I come here to buy a cake for no reason at all. This year, to celebrate my birthday, I bought a 1/2 roll mocha cake a week early (so I wouldn't have to share). $9... shocking. That's the price of a SLICE of mediocre cake from a restaurant. I only buy the mocha cake. Well, my aunt drags me to both locations looking for Sans Rival, but that's her, not me.

I try to get my coffee to taste like this cake. The cake is moist and keeps moist because of the thick, rich layer of mocha buttercream icing on the outside. This cake can last in my fridge, in the box wrapped in a bag for about two days. Not because it goes bad or anything, but because I can only keep wrapping it up and shoving it back in there for that long. It calls to me... like those old Deep&Delicious McCain cake commercials. My husband tells me that my slices are larger than his. Duh.

They have other traditional Filipino cakes, pastries and bread. Not sure if they make it on site... I don't care either. I know how hard it is to make polvoron... I don't come here for any other reason other than cake though. I wanted to get my wedding cake from them, but I was looking for fondant and the lady helping me told me their fondant didn't taste so nice. I am never disappointed with the mocha cake.
 
They have seating, but again with the people seeing me with cake and wanting a slice and having to spit morsels of mocha cake all over them as I say no with my mouth full..."
Joseph was the gentleman that helped us. The store was clean and organized. We always order the ube hopia when we come to Goldilocks. The momon is yummy as well. We been to both Goldilocks location and they are affiliated with each other. Street Parking is limited. Joseph was also nice enough to not tax us because we bought more than 6 items
"Ahhhh....Another location of this wonderful Filipino bakery.  

This one is much smaller than the one one Broadway (http://www.yelp.ca/biz/goldilocks-bake-shop-vancouver#hrid:7Ml4uO-oQVU2IHM5qy7VYQ) and has a slightly smaller selection.  They also don't have the hot food area like the one on Broadway.  

But the biggest bonus - they don't have the crowds either!  So no body checking to get to the counter and get your buko pandan hopia!!!!!"
I am so glad we have a Goldilocks near my school. Whenever I didn't bring any lunch, I would stop by here for something quick. There's plenty of Filipino style cakes and baked goods to satisfy your cravings. I have never had anything other than chicken pie and siopao though because it's the cheapest item in there. The handheld pie is quite OK and they would microwave upon request. The siopao however is lacking flavour and fillings for that matter. The dough is super thick and I didn't enjoy it. For siopao, New Town Bakery still reigns supreme in my opinion. I would love to try their hot item menu in my next visit. They have fried noodles and other Filipino favourites which look pretty delicious. I was supposed to order some fried lumpia from them one day but oddly interesting, I can only do it at their Broadway location.
"On the main, this little ray of sunshine of a bakery is the perfect place for a pit stop en route home. 

They specialize in Filipino fare, ranging from baked goods to savoury-type dishes suitable for dinner. Filipino tradition hangs in the air, governing the type of food produced. Flavours like ube (taro), macapuno (young coconut) and red bean are standard here. If you're feeling les adventurous, there are some more accessible flavours like chocolate, mocha and vanilla. They've done an excellent job of modifying the recipes to better suit Western palettes. 

The staff here is always friendly and will gladly explain some of the more exotic dishes, like dinuguan. Be sure to have a look at their amazing cake display."
I always come here whenever it's someone's birthday in the family to buy a birthday cake. We always get the mocha cake! It is my family's all-time favourite  I love all the Filipino desserts they have here. My parents also love the brazo de mercedes and brazo de ube. This is probably my favourite place to go for cakes and desserts!
Pandeleche is my favorite here wish they had it in sandwich bread or larger buns flan is too thick for me it can get kind of crowded and you may have to wait a bit when they are in the back
"I ordered a customized Birthday cake - I sent a photo and asked them to make something delicious and stunning. The result was fabulous and just what I wanted. The fondant was surprisingly not too sweet and the vanilla buttercream inside was moist and decadent. 
The artwork and decoration was so beautiful that we didn't want to eat the cake but we were just so excited that they were able to make something we wanted.
The process was simple and it didn't take long at all to order it. 
I am thinking that I will always order a cake from Goldilocks in the near future. 
Thank you so much!"
"Another lovely cake baked by Goldilocks. We wanted a 4-layer Chiffon ube cake and they gave us a beautiful masterpiece. It wasn't too sweet, which is exactly what we look for in cakes. It was moist and decadent. The decorations were simple yet elegant. I would've eaten the entire thing without feeling guilty but it sure was amazing to have something that everyone enjoyed. 

The only disappointment was that it didn't come in a nice Goldilocks box, which is something we are used to. They are elegant and has a nice aesthetic to it. The cake was too beautiful for the box that it came with."
When I walked through the doors of this scrumptious little bakery, a family was just beginning to sing Happy Birthday to their son, who had in front of him, a tart-type dessert with a single candle in the middle of it.  His face lit up as he blew out the candle and everyone looked on with smiles as he dug into his treat.  How lovely!  I'm relatively unfamiliar with Filipino baked goods and foods in general, and I was fascinated to learn more about what goes into these delicious treats.  Along with meat-filled pastries and pies, to sweet coconut filled buns (the BEST!) and peaches and cream, chocolate hazelnut and mango specialty cakes and custom ordered wedding cakes, including a traditional Filipino 'Brazo de Mercedes' no kidding, literally translates to the 'arm of Mercedes', I had to laugh!  They also serve up a number of fantastic savoury dishes, from Ukoy, a dish of deep fried shrimp and julienne vegetables seasoned and done up in a tempura-type batter, Arroz Caldo, a Congee- type soup dish, barbecue skewers in all meat varieties to Pancit Palabok, that being white fine noodles topped with palabok sauce and sauteed pork, vegetables, spices, and garnished with green onions, boiled eggs, flakes of smoked fish (tinapa), and ground chicharon (fried pork rind).  Prices are reasonable and the service is always very friendly and prompt.
"My brother and I used to live in the Philippines so when we saw a promotion for this pop up food event we were excited to check it out and enjoy authentic cuisine.

We arrived early and had drinks and appetizers at Lazy Betty which was the host restaurant for the event. I will review Lazy Betty separately.

Lazy Betty loaned their open terrace for the pop up.  It lacks sufficient shade and they don't utilize it on hot days.  The few seats with limited shade were quickly claimed and our group of four had to take turns standing in the shade near an alcove and trash bin.  We had no place to sit other than a small ledge for landscaping which was very hot and uncomfortable.

It's kind of Lazy Betty to Liam their terrace but it was not ideal and detracted from our overall enjoyment of the event.

A printed menu with limited items was presented to patrons and we were able to pay with credit card on their iPad with the Square app.

My group of four ordered all of the menu items plus the canned alcoholic drinks.  

Food was very slow to arrive and arrived in random order.  All of the food was amazing!  The corn on the cob coated in mayonnaise with chili lime sauce was delicious!!

Prices were fair for the high quality and freshness.

The valet parking and difficulty of self parking plus the limited seating space and lack of shade detracted from the overall experience.  

I love the concept and hope the next host venue is more convenient and hospitable."
Went to taste of Kennesaw and came because I read that Kamayan was going to be there. I have been following them on Instagram and their pictures have been amazing. They have a huge following and sold out every pop up they have run. They did not disappoint. I ordered the pork adobo ribs and chicken bbq skewers.  The adobo came with adobo rice which had a good amount of garlic which I love and the ribs were flavorful. The bbq chicken could have been a bit warmer but other than that they were tasty. I can wait for their next event.
Great services all around including greeting in, bar & tables! It was my first time and I enjoyed very much of it. Would recommend to a friend and definitely come back for another time.
I went to a brunch at BaBellies for my first Kamayan ATL experience. It was all the hype. The Ube butter on Ube waffles with fried chicken was a delicious and colorful nouveau approach to purple yam. I mean, Purple Yum! They combined corn beef and garlic for a corn beef garlic fried rice. Best of both worlds. The tosino had a texture that matched it's sweet glaze if pork could be made candy, this would be it. You gotta try it. The milkfish was seasoned perfectly and paired well with the heartiness the corn beef added to the fried rice. The desserts that Syndessi and Kamayan ATL collaborated on were delightfully innovative. Art for your eyes and contentment for your appetite! Kamayan ATL is really paving the way for Filipino food culture in Atlanta. A true pioneer! I salute you!
"I'd love to give more stars if I could, but we were a bit disappointed on our first time going to their pop-up.

I bought tickets early to go to their Brunch pop-up at Ba Bellies on 07/28. We had an unexpected out of town guest, and Kamayan was more than accommodating to add one more person to our party. (I'm very appreciative of this).

We arrived at around 12:15pm and were seated immediately. Our schedule was at 12:30. We ordered the ube horchata, which was very delightful. Brunch was 3-course pre-fixe meal. First course was chicken and ube wafffle, 2nd course was tocino, bangus and corned beef fried rice and last course was a dessert plate that had ube cake, macaron and passion fruit cream puff. I would rate the food 4 stars and the dessert 5 stars. The food was really good and did remind me of home. However, it took us over an hour to get our first course. And it wasn't only us that had the same issue, but several other tables were complaining about the same thing. I would assume that they have been doing this for a while now, that they would have service on  a timely schedule. And another thing to mention, when we asked for to go boxes, the server told us that they ran out. And then we asked another server, he did give us some and told us that he wasn't supposed to do that. We were baffled. If it was a boodle fight or a buffet, i would totally understand. But it wasn't. 

The reason I can't give more than 3 stars is because the service was just sub-par."
Of course you open after I move from Atlanta ...The south needs more Filipino food...not just chicken wings and fried rice...
"I'd start by encouraging you to get ahead of the Filipino Food Movement, but it seems to be gaining some traction on its own. If you don't know what I'm talking about, check out @kamayan_atl on Insta or find them on Facebook @kamayanatl. They're doing pop-ups around the metro area. Their events are selling out within hours of their postings! Obviously word is catching on. Don't miss out!

Filipino food is more a mashup of Spanish and Asian cuisine. Depending on the region, many foods tend to be saucy meats and veggies. You'll find an array of sweets that don't go overboard on indulgence, yet leave you wanting more somehow. Notable dishes (or maybe just some of my faves) include: adobo, kare-kare, sisig, balut (half-hatched egg), dinuguan (that ""chocolate"" meat), and halo-halo (think boba... but loaded with MUCH more). 

You may find these dishes being served with at the Kamayan pop-ups. However, they decide on pre-determined menu for each event. ""Kamayan"" is a traditional style of eating in which food is served on banana leaves laid across a communal table. Your portion is set in front of you, using your hands to eat. Check out this Filipino food experience!"
"This is the only Filipino restaurant I know of in the Atlanta area. They are a ""pop up"" restaurant that takes over an existing restaurant every couple of months and use it to serve  their unique recipes. The food is  not overly spicy and is delicious, even though it's something you've never had before. The desserts melt in youur mouth andd make you wish you had more  room."
I experienced the Kamayan style dinner for the first time ever and it was amazing. I was familiar with most the dishes and they all were AMAZING!!!! If you see a pop up coming soon, I recommend you take advantage. It can be a little pricey but it's worth it.
"I never knew this Yelp page existed. If I did, I would've wrote it a long time ago. I mean it's a pop up place. This review is long over due, but I still remember my experience very clearly.  It was for a pop up at Ba Bellies. I spent close to $60/person for this experience. Yes, I prepaid. I've always wanted to try Filipino food since Atlanta is lacking Filipino restaurants. I'm a huge ube fan and like the desserts I've had at Manila Mart.

Thanks to Instagram for showing so many Kamayan ATL food porn. I couldn't wait. I heard about the wait and yes, there was a long wait. It was interesting how they decided to let us sit with random strangers who prepaid. I didn't mind too much but this is Kamayan style. What got me was I know traditionally, you eat with your hands. I think that's okay if it's family but here, it's with a bunch of random folks. Others complained about it too and asked for forks.

I felt the food was very small portions when brought out. It's like a handful of rice to feed 5 people. I was not feeling that. Plus I felt most of the food is flavorless.

The best thing about the dishes are the desserts. The ube flan is delicious as well as the ube waffles. It's just that it's so disorderly of how everything is. No one really told us anything. We just saw people come back with desserts. No announcements or anything. It's a slow service too.

I wanted to like them more but I didn't. Maybe Filipino food is not my thing. I do know that Filipino dessert, anything ube, is definitely my favorite.

7/2021"
"I've been to a few Kamayan ATL pop-ups now, although I wish I had been going from the beginning! I've never experienced Filipino food quite like this, and my exposure to Kamayan style has been limited until now. So I'm very thankful for Kamayan ATL. 

I've been to three very different experiences at Ba Bellies: one solo Kamayan communal style, one Kamayan prix fixe dining menu, and one collaboration with Kamayan and two other local chefs. My favorite has definitely been the communal dining style, although I always love tasting the different influences when collaborating with other chefs. I LOVE Mia's ube flan cake and ube donuts, and wish I could just have those on a daily basis. 

I have yet to try the sisig tacos everyone keeps raving about that she serves at the Minero popup at Ponce City Kitchen - and I'm so ready to give that a try. 

My hugest complaint that is starting to give me trouble supporting the local Kamayan fad is the prices that just keep skyrocketing. My first event was $40 and I thought it was a little pricey since it didn't include alcohol (provided by Ba Bellies to order at the bar). Recently, the Kamayan style dinners have gone up to at least $65+ and that is just not in my budget. I would have loved to have gone to the Lazy Betty collaboration but $125 is a bit steep for me, too. 

Overall, I love the culture that Kamayan ATL has brought to Atlanta but the sudden increase in prices has definitely made me hesitant to go again."
"7 eleven and Quik Bite, do they go together?  Anyways, I was driving around happily enjoying my free slushies when lo and behold, I came across this interesting cafe.  On the outside, it seemed to be a mishmash of cuisines (eg. poutine, gyros,etc.), but once you're inside, it's obviously filipino based.  Lots of filipino grocery items and to my surprise, filipino spaghetti!  They have a 2 item combo, but I just wanted the spaghetti.  It was made fresh to order and so delightfully satisfying.  I am planning a trip to Jollibee's in Seattle, so I've got filipino spaghetti on the brain.  Their spaghetti had ground meat and sliced hot dogs in it, very authentic and so delish, I ate the whole thing.  Normally, I would only be able to eat half.  It came in a little aluminum take out container, about 2-3 cups all together.

So happy to know that whenever I get cravings for this sweet/savory dish, it's here."
"I was riding my bike with my daughter looking for a place to try out on Commercial.  We decided on this place as it had some convenient patio tables.

The staff was very accommodating and the food portions were sizable.  I had the crispy pork dish with rice and my kid had the Canton rice noodle.  Interesting flavours here.

I wouldn't recommend if you have high expectations of fast service, as the restaurant got quite busy and the limited staff had their hands full."
"I always go here everytime I crave for Filipino food.
Best Filipino Restaurant in Vancouver."
"Tried Kulinarya as it was close by and relatively positive reviews. 

I would agree for the most part. There are very few Filipino restaurants and fewer still that does it well. This place nails the flavours better than most, however, they do put a spin on the local flavours, my assumption is to accommodate the local pallets. 

We had the Pork BBQ, the meat was tender and the shuttle sweetness of the sauce was present. Very good. 

The Kare Kare was solid, however, they didn't use the traditional ox tail and instead used other parts of the cow. 

The pancit bihon looked promising, but it was saturated with black pepper, not traditional at all. Bihon usually has a blander flavour profile, so this may be a way for them to increase the taste factor. 

We also had the crispy patta which was both crispy on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside. Very well done. 

My only reservation to recommend the restaurant is the service. The staff were very friendly and accommodating,  however, they executed poorly. Very little follow up, plates and utensils were not given out until our second order arrived. At one point, the server dropped half of our cutlery on the floor and proceeded to pick it up and place it back on the table rather than getting us clean ones. 

Overall, very good food, fair prices and I would probably only order takeout."
Cabizerra Bistro is always my favorite choice when I crave for Filipino goat dishes - pinapaitan, caldereta, kilawin. I also love their dinakdakan! Food is great at affordable prices. Yummy, yummy, yummy! Try this Filipino restaurant yourself and with your family and friends. And the owners provide great service!
"What a delicious dish of Goat Stew and Pork chop.   It looks like they do catering and parties from the look at the menu and they have a buffet of 10 or so trays for lunch.
OMG it's so delicious my second visit and it was even better this time."
the best on my list, far from Vancouver, don't matter, food is really great, friendly staff, wishing they are based in Vancouver. so good...
"This place is usually impeccably clean. I'm actually a sucker for their donuts. 
Like the asian-style cruller, you find a delicious light eggy taste inside and sprinkled sugar on the outside. (After six they become 50% off) I believe they're 1.50 each. Completely and totally worth it. They taste so wonderful, definitely something you'd want to introduce your family and friends to. I think New Town is a perfect stop for a nice treat when you're chilin' at central!"
Divine coconut bun. I limited myself to that since I'd just eaten a large meal, but look forward to returning to sample more of the wide selection of steamed buns and baked savory and sweet items. Mmmm.
"I did not realize Surrey had some authentic Chinese food options until I started exploring the city. I wanted BBQ duck in noodle soup and found this place! The portion size is alright. I picked rice noodles, but it was slightly overcooked and falling apart. There was a good amount of duck. The wonton and noodle soup portion was also okay for the price. I ordered a pineapple coconut bun on the way out. It was fresh with a crispy crust and sweet coconut filling. 

Overall, 3.5 star experience. I will come back when I want some Chinese comfort food. Cash only."
"amazing they have a lot of good stuff be that Chinese or Filipino. Definitely get an asado siopao or a bola-bola.

As for eating here, the food quality is very good. Pretty much it is Cantonese style with some Filipino as well. They have some dimsum items as well.  Beef Chow Fun is definitely one of the best around. The house special fried noodle is amazing and has a wide variety of ingredients in it, shrimp, squid, chicken, bbq pork and even pork liver! The stewed beef brisket wonton noodle, as well as congee are also very good.

The only disappointment is the prices have gone up significantly over the last 10 years.

Parking is really bad here. There's often no parking spots and often you're forced to park at Safeway (where you'll need to pay $1.25 per hour or they'll give you a ticket, even if you walk into Safeway and out!). The parking lot where the old public library was is a good parking spot, they were never strict about people parking there anyways, and now even more so because the library moved away, but there's not always space here either."
steam buns are to die for I love the special one and the spicy pork! Can never go wrong here and their decently priced!!
Wow.  Excellent food and service.  I'm from SoCal and I wish they had such good food and pork buns where I live.  Anytime I visit BC, I def will be here getting some food.
I love those steam buns,it's so delicious. So much variety and you could eat in or take out!
Food is always good, we are eating here since day 1 and still same taste as before. They don't accept cards, cash only.  Try their steam buns and chow mien.
"Best siopao in BC or even outside the Philippines.  Cross border Fil-Am families flock here in droves in their mini-vans just to get their hands on the infamous steamed buns.  Staff is run by Chinese/Cantonese. Fast and accommodating service.  Don't count out their vast, exotic selection of congee or Lugao as well as mami and other Chinese dishes. They also have a variety of Filipino/Chinese pastries.     

Parking is a pain though.  Try to get a parking by Safeway but just be careful not to get a ticket from the parking enforcement nazis."
BEST SIO PAO EVER!  My family and I have been buying sio paos (BBQ Pork buns) at New Town since we moved to BC.  I remember going to Chinatown (when it was their only location) and eating the soft, sweet steamed buns filled with the sweet savory pork on the Hastings Express bus while protecting the dozen (or so) buns from the bus folks who are equally enamored with my sio pao.  When I moved to Toronto,  I had friends and family bring me dozens of these gems.  I had my TO friends addicted to these delicious parcels of goodness as well.  Now, I live closer to the Surrey location where they have a restaurant with varied menu items. The botchi (sesame rice balls filled with red bean paste) and white puto (sticky rice cake) are sweet and satisfying but must be eaten within a day  or else the rice cake will harden.
We only come here for the siopao, and that's it.  A MUST when you are in the Chinatown district of Vancouver!
"Always about the steamed buns (siopao, for my fellow Filipinos). The only place to get good ones and my parents love this place so much we sometimes buy several boxes of them and freeze them to eat throughout the month. 

I have fond childhood memories of waiting at the tables for the siopao to be finished and given to my mom. Another plus is their butsi (ah shoot...i think this is sesame ball in English??) with red bean paste. I was always convinced it was chocolate when I was younger but I definitely know better now lol."
"- Large serving, affordable pastries. (Their almond cookie, about $1.35 is the size of a CD disk...)
- This location is also a restaurant
- Only 3 stars from me because it baffles me how their pastry sizes can vary so much. For example, the steamed cakes are made in a circular steamer, but then cut to very different sizes of triangles or squares. 
- they literally pack everything together , steamed items with the baked pastry, which disrupted the texture"
steam buns are to die for I love the special one and the spicy pork! Can never go wrong here and their decently priced!!
Amazing baked good I highly recommend their almond snap. Their Chinese food is also really good.
"My husband and I had time to kill in the area so we decided to have lunch here.  We shared a pan fried noodle dish and a rice dish with chicken.  Both were too greasy and not worth the calories.  Our food also took 45 minutes to arrive.  Restaurant = 2 our of 5 stars.

Do yourself a favor and stick to take-out only and their bakery buns.  Their Siopaos / BBQ Pork bun (steamed) are one of the best.  Bakery items = 4 out of 5 stars.

End result = 3 out of 5 stars."
Best known for their siopao, which have increased in price,  they also serve usual Chinese food.  Food is tasty but as in any Chinese resto,  don't expect any smiles nor any special customer service.
"What happens when you plan on going to try a new food establishment and only find out that they're closed for some reason or another? Well, it happens to me a lot. I was on my way to try out the new Goldilocks location in North Fraserway but was dismayed that they were closed (their door was locked, no sign, nothing...) I tried calling their phone number but no one picked up. I later found out that they were closed for inventory and training (word of advice: put a sign up, put it on your Facebook page, website, etc...). Anyhoo... that's how I ended up at Quik Bite for lunch... I needed a quick bite.

I've been to this Quik Bite location in the past... they serve up a mix of Filipino and western food (check out my last post here). As it was late August when I visited, I expected it to be slow since the nearby high school was closed for summer vacation.

When I entered the shop, it looked like they had some kind of family/friend event going on and they had taken up most of the indoor seating. Still hungry, I decided to order a combo with shredded pork and onions as well as what they called ""pork steak"". The slices of pork steak had some fatty parts to it like pork belly and the meat was attached to (I'm assuming) some rib tips. I was actually quite pleased with this meal as the pork was fairly tender and the shredded pork had a slight kick to it.

This place seems more geared to take-out food as there's not a lot of seating inside. Service was pretty spotty on this occasion too as I felt like I was intruding on a private party (but then they probably shouldn't have had the big OPEN sign on if they didn't want strangers party crashing)."
Hands down, best authentic Filipino restaurant in Burnaby! the chicken and pork BBQ is so good. Their palabok is another one of my all-time favorites ;) Highly recommended for Filipino food cravings and there is a store for ingredients and snacks too.
This place is at a good location for me. My girlfriend is Philli[pino 50%, so she explains how things are there. This food is great! I like their bar-br-que Chicken the best.
"It was Thumbs up experiences of the Kamayan fest. 
It's delicious. It's very exciting to seeing them serving out food little by little. ""Building a food pyramid""."
Kulinarya is one of the best place to try out Philipinno food! They have such a great variety at great prices! Aside from ordering a la carte style they also have this fun kamayan feast where they lay out your choice of dishes on banana leaf on top of the table and you can feast using without utensils - definitely worth a try with a large group! In my recent visit we came to the vancouver location with a group of friends and ordered a some dishes to share. The kare kare was my favourite with the peanut sauce and tender beef. We also tried the Batil Patong (stir fry egg noodles with pork belly) bad boy (pork belly) and you can't forget to order the garlic fried rice - it is the best part!
Came here because we really enjoyed the Coquitlam location. Different items on the menu such as Patatas Bravas. The food did not disappoint; it was delicious! Need to work on service a bit though, waited a long time for food and drinks and items came out at very different times. We also noticed the same at other tables and could have probably apologized a few times at the different tables for the delays. They are only into their 3rd week so likely still have to work out the kinks. If you're in the mood for really good Filipino food and are willing to support them as they settle in, definitely give it a try! We will visit again!
Tried this place for the first time. We tried 3 breakfast dishes.  Great find! Delicious well-balanced meals, clean restaurant, friendly service. Will definitely be back!
Lumpia is delicious! So happy they opened this location on Commercial Drive, bringing a great selection of Filipino dishes to the neighbourhood. Presentation for take-out platters is great too, served on a banana leaf. Yum, you gotta try it!
Great time with the kamayan feast at this restaurant. The restaurant accommodated our large group very nicely, with us fully taking up two long tables of food. Digging into the food directly with our hands was an interesting and fun experience! Couldn't say exactly what we ate because someone else in our group did the pre-ordering. But there was meat and vegetables galore, all done up tastily and accompanied with wonderful dipping sauces. Service was attentive and they guided us on how to do the kamayan thing. And the sweet halo-halo dessert was really good with all kinds of texture in it from soft chewy chunks to crunchy bits. All in all, something very worthy of trying and I'd be happy to go there again.
"I want to give Kulinarya a 4 or 5 star rating but their inconsistent hours leave me consistently frustrated and frankly ticked off. 

The food is excellent. They really prepare many of my favourite Filipino dishes well including the Bangus sisig, Binagoongan, Lechon Kawali, Crispy Pata, Filipino Barbecue, Laing and the Pinakbet. Unfortunately pork sisig lacks crunch and I like to enjoy the version of this dish at Little Ongpin in Richmond instead. 

The most disappointing part has been arriving on a few occasions now, well before their posted closing time to find the closed sign on their door. Once I arrived at 8:26pm (closing hours supposed to be 9pm) and the closed sign was up again. Colour me frustrated! Wasted time getting there and money in the meter. I'm starting to think they don't want me eating there o.O They've also increased their prices and what was once convenient and reasonably priced, is now just too pricey and inconvenient to be a top choice for an easy Filipino meal out...more like a special occasion group meal. Guess Mom's gonna have her kid's coming around for dinner more often! 

A tip for the owners: stick to your publicized hours or change them."
"My friends and I were craving some Filipino food, so we decided to check this place out.

I looked at the binagoongan description and had to go for it. You have to have the crispy pork! Definitely the best plate from what we ordered. Nothing too special about the spring rolls or the chicken wings. 

It is very busy so it'll take a while for them to help you. Otherwise, friendly and feels like a large gathering at home. I feel like there were a lot of sizzling plates, so I might order that the next time I'm in. Smelled delicious in there."
"Excellent boodle selection complete with authentic banana leaf spread with white rice, lechon kawali, Kare kare, pritong Bantus, plantain, Lumpia and mixed veggies such as talong (eggplant), bokchoy and string beans. Four allocated sauces consisting of mang Tomas lechon sauce, chili sweet sauce, vinegar and bagoong (shrimp paste).

Decor is filled with Filipino memorabilia from pictures, straw matted plates and wooden seatings.

Highlight of the day: eat with your hands!!

Washroom is gender neutral. Staff is very friendly and rotate to ask if customers are satisfied and needs anything.

No wifi."
I only usually come here for sisig, so my review is mostly just based on the sisig lol. This place is honestly one of the best places for sisig. They crack an egg on top of it so when you mix it the egg will cook. The server is always very nice. And the restaurant itself is small & cute. I've tried only a couple things on the menu other than sisig like the sinigang and lechon kawali, which I also enjoyed
"Food: great food and delicious   love the special noodle. They serve Filipino cuisine and beer too. 

Price : price is okay and affordable 

Parking : street parking 

Serving: the staff and owner were very polite and friendly. 

The store was very nice, Cosy, with A/C , Filipino heritage ambience and with charm."
they should advertise the Bangsilog as mini-Bangsilog.  The milkfish is as big as the egg!  See picture.
"Good, authentic-tasting Filipino food presented in a modern way.

Food:
{spring rolls} : They were deep fried and came out hot. Not too oily which is a plus. The filling was more meat than vegetables which made it taste kind of dry if you ate it without the included dipping sauce. 

{garlic rice} : order the large bowl! it serves up to 2-3 people but personally I feel like it could feed 4. Garlic rice was alright, there was a slight hint of butter and garlic. Personally, I would've preferred a stronger garlic taste but to each it's own. 

{sinigang na bangus} : You're given the option of getting the fish grilled or deep-fried. My table got the fried option and it was great! I don't usually eat bangus because of there being so much bones but this one was boneless and the garnish on top was delicious. It was composed of tomato, mango, onion, etc. Though, it should be noted that  this isn't soup so don't expect the typical sinigang.

{lechon kawali} : Once again, I was pleasantly surprised to find that this dish wasn't very oily as other ones I've tried from other places. It was crisped to perfection and well seasoned. Very yummy.

{kaldereta} : Didn't really get to taste much of this but from the small amount I had, it was creamy and tasty. 

{bopis} : My first time trying bopis and I really liked it! The texture and flavor is really authentic.

{tamarind chicken} : Unfortunately, this was my least favorite dish. Though the outside was fairly crispy, the inside was meh. The chicken was very dry and bland. I couldn't taste any tamarind whatsoever. 

Anyways, I'd say this is a pretty promising place to stop by for Filipino food if you're in Vancouver!"
Food was great! The pork sinigang was on point. Feels like home cooked food with more flair. They took a lot of care in cooking the food that's why the wait is understandable. You can't rush awesome Filipino food! We will definitively recommend this place even come back when we're back in town.
Soo good! I got the pinakbet and tofu sisig.  If you get the chance try out the kamayan dinner! Reminds me of home! Friendly service and I love the decor!
"Came here after looking at their kamayan-style feast(eating with your bare hands). But apparently you need to book in advance and requires 6 in a party or more. 

Nevertheless, ordered their crispy pata, chicken wings, kare-kare, and bangus. I'd say their wings the best among all. It's a mix of salty and sweet but its good. The rest are also good but not the best I 've tried. 

Ask for a shrimp paste for their kare-kare. The kare-kare itself is quite sweet and adding their shrimp paste makes it more tasty. Yum yum"
Had last minute change in plans, and swung by here for a Saturday dinner with the family.  Small little restaurant with nice decor and ambience.  Food item menu is about $16 each, but just a heads up the portions can be small.  There were four of us, we ordered five entrees, and there were nothing left at the end.  I think size AND flavor contributed to this.  They use Royal Albert for dishes!!  How cool is that?!?
"I'm half Filipino and live in East Van so I was VERY excited to see this place opened in my neighbourhood, AND, they have a vegan menu (I'm not but many friends and the bf are). So we came to Kulinarya, after 2 failed attempts (keep in mind they close after lunch, and open for dinner).  It wasn't very busy, we were seated right away, there were other Filipinos in there so that's always a good sign. 
I ordered the bangsilog breakfast, which is fried milkfish with garlic rice and fried egg. It definitely taste like something my grandma would cook, the bones are small so you can almost eat the whole fish. I realize this dish isn't for everyone though, but I enjoyed it. My bf had the ginataang kalabasa which is like a vegan stew, similar to a curry but not spicy. The coconut milk & sauce flavours were so rich, yummy and I couldn't believe there was no meat in it. 
The service was great, tentative and you can tell they are passionate about their dishes. Especially the vegan ones (vegan dishes In Filipino cuisine is so rare)! We will be back to try more, even though I'm a meat eater I highly recommend the vegan dishes too."
Came here with some friends for the 'kamayan' (eat with your hands) feast. The taste and presentation was spot on. Ordered with it the kare kare, adobo, fried bangus, ginataang kalabasa and lechon kawali. Although the longanesa and fried lumpia came with it, we didn't get much of it and these were the more lesser value items. One of the chosen items we decided on was the lechon kawali which were kind of few and far between. But overall everything else was top notch including the service. Will compare the Coquitlam location to this one but likely we will be back.
Its really nice to see a new Filipino restaraunt in town. They have a good choice of your favorite meat dishes but are also very vegetarian/vegan friendly ( the veggie dishes are quite good! ). The only things i would maybe suggest is faster service, but that's easily let off the hook as they are still working out the kinks im sure. Also perhaps some more plants possibly hanging from the ceilings it is a little plain from the all white interior. Either than that this place has good food and a lot of potential to grow. Filipino food use to be just for filipino families and people who visited their filipino friends homes, but now it's starting to become popular in the foodie world ! I genuinely hope that this place does well in their beautiful spot.
We have been on the hunt for authentic, good Filipino food and were so happy to finally see a restaurant open close to home. You can really tell they care about the guest experience and try to create a friendly environment-especially if you haven't tried Filipino food before! Of the several dishes we have tried on the menu (which were all delicious), we really enjoyed the crispy pata (with the vinegar), diniguan, and pancit malabon. The restaurant has a nice quaint vibe and is very family-friendly. We will definitely be returning soon!
"Really friendly service and delicious food.  I was welcomed right away by the staff.  Vegan and vegetarian options are also really tasty.  Got to witness the set up for a traditional kamayan meal (""eat with hands"").  Fun!"
"I love coming here with my family after church on Sundays, we're always so hungry, and this wonderful restaurant always exceeds our expectations. I personally really enjoy the crispy pata. If you like pork, this order is a must. They also offer boodle fights for larger parties, which I have yet to do. The owners of the restaurant are amazing, be sure to thank them... ""Salamat Po!"""
Came back here for their Laing and Kare kare. Had to ask them to reheat the rice as it was not even warm. Which was odd. The dishes tasted legit but portions could have been a bit more. Still a good 'go to' place when I need to fulfill my Filipino food craving
Cute little place with delicious food and excellent service! My friend and I tried steamed milkfish with garlic fried rice. The milkfish dish was not strongly seasoned. In my opinion, it was a simple but elegant dish bringing out the genuine taste of fresh ingredients. The garlic fried rice was just delicious. Plus, the server was very attentive :) We saw people on other tables ordering some sizzling plate dish and a big portion of chicken wings, and I am gonna go there again in near-future to try out those- yum yum
I came here on a recommendation from my Filipino friend as I wanted more exposure to the food. Finding anything authentic is questionable in the city, however, was assured that this place was legit. I had nothing to compare it to, therefore, this review is a stand alone until I have a little more exposure to the cultural food. First of all this was very affordable which goes with the culture of The Drive. The portions were also respectable as well. This is a new place, therefore, it is good that they have had these two points off the bat and it's nice to have some more cultural diversity on The Drive. I had some appies on the menu, however, what stood out for me was the pig ear chips which tasted and resembled pork rinds. I actually really liked these a lot and ordered seconds for home the next day. The service was super friendly and they were patient being a newbie to Filipino food.
"Where should I start off... Overall 4/5, Food is probably 3/5. I like the politeness and service at this restaurant was 5/5. I might be wrong but seems like its a family owned restaurant. 

We tried the boneless milkfish (deepfried) - probably the best dish we tried. Then also the crispy prata (had better somewhere else), and also the kare kare beef (for the price, they give us maybe 6 small pieces of beef which is kind of dissappointing). We ate everything with the garlic rice, which smells good and tastes really good. 

For the price we paid. It is a one time stop for me. Might want to try the kamayan (boodle fight) next time - minimum 6 people by reservation only."
"This is the closest you'll get to authentic Filipino food in Vancouver! I've been pretty homesick lately, so I knew that Kulinarya would help me with that. 

The food is excellent, portions are slightly small for the price. If you're looking for a nice and quiet ambiance, you won't find that in Kulinarya on a Friday night. Coming on a weekday might be better!

I just wanted to add that the people are warm and friendly, just like everyone else back home. Thank you to ate B for making us feel at home!

I love this place! They do get busy though so I recommend making a reservation on weekends."
"Loved the interior of this restaurant. The server is friendly, the food is delicious, and the portions are good for the price. They have a whole vegan section of the menu which is greatly appreciated.

Ginataang Kalabasa (5/5)
This was really good. I love the sweetness of the coconut milk paired with the fragrant garlic. The eggplant, beans, pumpkin and tomatoes paired well with the curry. It comes with some spongy gluten or something which had a nice texture but was quite sour. I wish there was more eggplant, but overall I really enjoyed this dish.

Laing (5/5)
This was really delicious. The coconut milk was thick and there were chilis and jalepenos which made the dish a little spicy. I loved the taro, and wish there was more since it really added a good texture and flavour to the dish, I've never had taro leaves before, but they were kind of like spinach and I really enjoyed eating them.

Vegetable Spring Roll (4/5)
This was good. I liked how the spring roll wasn't too oily but was still super crispy. I would have liked it a lot better if they omitted the celery though.

Tofu Sisig (3.5/5)
I loved how this was served on a hot plate. The tofu was good, but I found it a little sour so I wasn't the biggest fan of the flavour.

I've made my family fall in love with filipino food after bringing them to the restaurant. They also have filipino snacks for sale but I totally forgot to buy them before leaving. Maybe next time haha because I'll definitely be back!"
"I'm Filipino, so naturally of course, Filipino food has a very special place in my heart.  Many of my friends ask me for recommendations on where to try Filipino food in Vancouver.  The answer I would always give is that it's always just better at someone's house, and not a restaurant.  That's until I heard about Kulinarya which just opened on commercial drive.  If you're curious about Filipino food and don't know where to start -- Kulinarya definitely gets the stamp of approval in my books!

The restaurant itself has a hip and trendy vibe.  It is beautifully decorated with colourful accents and photos on the walls.  Even the sinks in the bathroom are beautiful and colorful!  I applaud whoever was the director of design.  Also, I have to say props to whoever makes the music playlist that plays in the background -- my friends and I were vibing out the whole time!

More importantly... how authentic was the food you ask?  Take it from me, the flavours were spot on.  I ordered the Sinigang, which is traditionally a very savoury and sour dish with pork and vegetables.  It's literally my favourite food that my mom made for me growing up. When I tasted the first spoonfull of the tamarind broth, I thought --- YUP, that's it!  The level of sour kind of kicks you in the face -- just how I like it.  But it might be a bit weird for someone who is not used to this type of flavour.

If it's your first time trying Filipino food, I would recommend the Lumpia (springrolls) to start, which are served with a sweet chilli dipping sauce.  Lumpia is served at almost every Filipino party, and are always a crowd favourite.  I would recommend the breakfast items (eg: Tapsilog) which are all pretty solid -- Barbeque meat, rice, and egg served in a skillet. Another safe option could be the chicken adobo -- which is also a favourite dish of mine!

The only downfall was the dessert.... the lecheflan was too dense and needed to be more creamy... and parts of the cassava cake were cold in the center.  I think it's because of the container that it was served in... it was too deep so the cake wasn't heated evenly.  I have to say that the *flavours* were definitely all correct, so it was just the texture that was the issue for the desserts.  

I'm happy and proud that a bit of my culture is being shared in the Vancouver community!  I told my mom about Kulinarya and now she's curious and wants to pay a visit to see if it's better than her cooking.  Haha! We'll let mama be the judge :)"
A very quaint restaurant!  Decor is cute, service was great! The food was good, although a bit pricey. I had the Chicken Adobe plate and my other half had the House Sinigang. The chicken adobo was tasty but chicken a bit overcooked. The Sinigang had a tasty broth and good cuts of pork and lots of vegetables.
"The great big sign out front, ""Vegans welcome"", got us in the door. They serve meat dishes, but they also have about 10 all-vegan dishes, ranging from appetizers (including lumpia) to vegetables dishes, noodles, and a soup. We ordered the sizzling tofu, pinakbet (green beans, squash, eggplant, and okra [though it came with bitter melon instead]), and pancit bihon (a noodles dish with tofu and veggies). The sizzling tofu comes on a hot plate and was particularly delicious despite its simplicity (the lemon juice really adds a lovely touch to it). The veggie dish was tasty and so were the noodles. The flavours were all fairly mild.

Though it's definitely a vegan-friendly place menu-wise, towards the end of our meal, they started preparing a big table with all sorts of pungent meat and seafood dishes, which honestly smelled horrendous -- we had to quickly finish and leave, as the smell was making us nautious. This might disincentivize us to eat here in the future and perhaps do take-out instead.

The bill for the three dishes came to $42 after tax, before tip. Very friendly and fast service. I'd definitely recommend giving the place a try."
"Authentic Filipino cuisine at it's finest. This is my favourite spot in Vancouver to get Filipino food.

I've been to Kulinarya a few different times now for different reasons: pop up events when they bring in Filipino chefs from around the world and showcase a special menu and on my own time for brunch and dinner. All the times I've been have been excellent. 

I've said it in past reviews, but I don't normally seek out Filipino food when I go out to eat, primarily because I've been spoiled with such great Filipino food at home. Nothing can compare to my parent's and grandma's cooking. Buuuuut, Kulinarya comes really really really close. They are about as authentic as you get all while adding a modern twist to their dishes. 

I love me a good Filipino breakfast and Kulinarya does this well. They have your typical fried rice, eggs and longanisa dishes, which is fantastic, as well as an assortment of other dishes. To be honest, I haven't tried any of their other brunch dishes, primarily because I love me a good traditional Filipino breakfast. But they do have ube pancakes, which is on my list for my next visit. 

They also do Kamayan style meals which means ""eating with your hands"". This is a unique Filipino experience where all the food is placed on top of banana leaves and you dig in with your hands. It's $30/person Monday-Thursday and $35/person Friday-Sunday, which is a great deal for all the food you get and the experience you can brag to your friends about. 

Filipino dishes are usually heavy on the seafood and meat, but Kulinarya is one of the only Filipino restaurants that I've see create a separate veggie menu. Snaps and applause for them!

If you're looking for authentic, home cooked meal style Filipino food, you need to visit Kulinarya. Your taste buds will thank you."
"Loved the interior of this restaurant. The server is friendly, the food is delicious, and the portions are good for the price. They have a whole vegan section of the menu which is greatly appreciated.

Ginataang Kalabasa (5/5)
This was really good. I love the sweetness of the coconut milk paired with the fragrant garlic. The eggplant, beans, pumpkin and tomatoes paired well with the curry. It comes with some spongy gluten or something which had a nice texture but was quite sour. I wish there was more eggplant, but overall I really enjoyed this dish.

Laing (5/5)
This was really delicious. The coconut milk was thick and there were chilis and jalepenos which made the dish a little spicy. I loved the taro, and wish there was more since it really added a good texture and flavour to the dish, I've never had taro leaves before, but they were kind of like spinach and I really enjoyed eating them.

Vegetable Spring Roll (4/5)
This was good. I liked how the spring roll wasn't too oily but was still super crispy. I would have liked it a lot better if they omitted the celery though.

Tofu Sisig (3.5/5)
I loved how this was served on a hot plate. The tofu was good, but I found it a little sour so I wasn't the biggest fan of the flavour.

I've made my family fall in love with filipino food after bringing them to the restaurant. They also have filipino snacks for sale but I totally forgot to buy them before leaving. Maybe next time haha because I'll definitely be back!"
Good. filipino food!! I ordered a lot for myself only. Longsilog, tocilog and sisig binalot. My favourite is the longsilog. The sisig is okay but too much onions. I feel like it's onion sisig instead of pork. I wish the onion is just right amount and more pork. As for the tocino the flavour is good but I find it a bit hard to eat maybe because it's the last food that I ate among the 3 so the pork kinda dried up. But I will surely go back here whenever I miss eating filipino food. The interior of the restaurant is really pretty too but it's small. The staffs are friendly and very accommodating.
"Delicious Filipino food! Came here with a group of people after work and we had a great dinner. Great selection of different dishes, and service was friendly and attentive. 

The food was tasty and authentic. I loved the flavor profiles of the different dishes we tried! We were all stuffed by the end of the meal. I would recommend to others and will definitely be back!"
"I opted for dine in. The bistek was so over cooked and very dry. The rice was overcooked and almost mushy. The pancit had no seasoning at all. I had to use soy sauce along with a great amount of calamansi.  Not to mention the pansit  was absent of much chicken and only had 2 shrimp! The halo halo needs more milk and a better ratio of coconut , jellies and fruit. 
It would have been really nice to have chicken adobo or pork adobo available on the menu. Signed , half filipina chick"
"Finally!  A Filipino restaurant in Atlanta! Amidst all this covid pandemic, being able to dine in and explore cities has been tough! But ""...where there's a will there's a way"" and I was #hangry. 

Calling ahead and placing our order is the go to method now for us and when we arrived the food was hot and ready!  

We viewed their menu online and I immediately gravitated to the lechon kawali (crispy pork) and of course we had to get the lumpia (Filipino meat egg roll). 

Here's a tip! Not shown on their menu online, if you want to grab some dessert, you should order you up a Halo Halo drink.  Which translates to ""mix mix""  packed with shaved ice, condensed milk and a bunch of sweet hidden treasures for your consumption.  Just mix it up and enjoy!  

We're definitely coming back! Our server Hope was very friendly and attentive for our dine in experience!  Thanks for the great experience!"
"Excited about the growing Filipino restaurants/popups/catering in Atlanta. Happy to support local restaurants.

Can't wait for the seasonal changes to their menu. Portion sizes were good to share. Also requested extra rice"
This place is a hidden gem!! Not many choices on the menu but everything we tried was soooooo delicious.
"I kept on hearing really wonderful things about Estrellita on Eater, Atlanta magazine and Instagram so my boyfriend and I ordered from Estrellita last night and are we ever glad that we did!  My boyfriend said the pick-up was very straightforward, and that he had a fun conversation with the women at the restaurant.

I worked in the Philippines for several months, but my boyfriend had never eaten Filipino food so I was really excited for him. We ordered the traditional lumpia-flaky with savory meats and veggies inside, and a sauce that we definitely wish we had more of!  For entrees, we got the lechon, which had a large portion! It was crispy on the outside, and then succulent on the inside. We also had the Pancit, which was full of vegetables, chicken and pork.  There was so much of this that it looked like we had barely touched it after we both took our portions. And lastly, we had the pork adobo. Falling off the bone meat, delicious salty sauce-this went perfectly with the garlic rice (highly recommend over basic white rice)!  We definitely indulged in our meal and still had ample leftovers the next day-portions are generous.

I am grateful that Estrellita is here in Atlanta and am excited about eating through the rest of their menu!"
Estrellita is delicious and authentic. I feel that the prices are a little too high for the portions. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for delicious Filipino food.
"I am Filipino-American and always thought Atlanta was lacking in Filipino cuisine, so I am so stoked that a brick-and-mortar Filipino restaurant is here that is not a pop up or in a food court (but don't get me wrong these are all great). I went for their grand opening a few months ago and was wowed by the food. I came back recently for take out. The restaurant is very small with a few tables inside and outside, and some bar seating, so take out is definitely the way to go during COVID times! It is on a side street behind Memorial, and there is usually street parking open. 

Ordering is super easy online. It will send you a confirmation email and pick up time once the order is accepted. Picking up was a breeze and the lady gave my order a final look to make sure everything was inside before handing it to me. They have a small menu but it has all the staples- lumpia, lechon, pancit, etc. Sometimes they have daily specials. My favorite is the lechon kawali with garlic rice. The pork is crispy yet succulent, absolutely addicting. You get a good portion for $14. It comes with traditional Mang Tomas dipping sauce which is like a sweet gravy that goes great with the pork. I also ordered both the lumpia shanghai and traditional lumpia because I couldn't pick. They aren't as good as my mom's but they are delicious and can't go wrong with either one dipped in sweet chili sauce. I also snagged a $1 pan de sal which is a filipino bread that goes great with your morning coffee. 

I'm so glad Filipino food is finally breaking through the Atlanta food scene! I would love to be back for their brunch (pan de sal spam sliders, hellooo) and would love if they did a sinigang or filipino spaghetti special or added adobo to their permanent menu. I do think their menu could benefit from a few veggie dishes also."
"My family and I have been looking forward to Estrellita opening for a while.  Although we moved away from the area since we first saw their coming soon signs, I made sure to send my husband on a return trip specifically for them.  For us, good Filipino food is hard to come by outside of my mom's kitchen, so I was super excited to try this.

Y'ALL I WAS SO HAPPY.  I was doing little happy dances in my chair.  We placed a to-go order on a Sunday evening by ordering through their website and my husband said that when he picked it up the service was very friendly and that the inside was a bit small but looked nice.  

Our order had bistek, lechon kawali, lumpia Shanghai, turon, and leche flan.  The bistek was super flavorful, and I loved the crunch of the lechon and the fact that I could taste the brine but it wasn't overwhelming.  When I fry lumpia at home, my daughter won't eat it, but she gobbled those up (but she ate them starting in the middle...?  Who does that?).  My family enjoyed the turon, though I'm not a fan of cinnamon and banana together, I liked the texture.  And ugh, the leche flan.  Estrellita's was so perfect and creamy that after my first bite I was tempted to tell my husband it was awful so I wouldn't have to share.  He was nice and only took a small bite.  I only wish it was a bigger portion, like, as big as my face.  And the lechon was even better reheated the next day.  The bistek and lechon were served with rice, and we also got little cups of sweet chili sauce and mang tomas.  

I wish I had taken a picture of everything before we dug in.  It didn't even occur to me until all the containers were almost empty.  Only pic I have is my kid eating the lumpia like a madwoman.

The next time we order my husband wants to try their pancit and I want to order their kaldereta (and possibly five flans.)  

I'm so excited about this place, and I hope that in time they'll expand their menu to include stuff like arroz caldo, champorado, longanisa, (I'm just naming all my comfort foods now I guess), tocino, kutsinta, etc etc

Thank you Estrellita!  We will be back!"
"This spot is a new little restaurant in Grant Park. It a small place but the food was very good. We ordered the pancit which had a both small rice noodles and lo mein type of noodles mixed together served with a veggie mix, chicken and shrimp. 
  The second dish we ordered was the inhaw lechon. The marinade on the pork belly was excellent. It came with a side of rice which was perfect. 
  The bistek was not as popular with the group. The meat was a little over done but that's how we traditionally make it in the Philippines. 
  Lastly, we ordered the traditional lumpia. I like this one because it reminds me of how my grandmother used to make it with mostly veggies and some meat. It comes as an appetizer of 3 but plenty to share. 
  I appreciate this restaurant because for Atlanta to have so much diverse foods, there aren't very many Filipino restaurants. It is nice to be able to share the culture and food in such a diverse metropolitan area!"
"This place is currently open for dine in. The tables are distant from each other. The restaurant is quite small but it adds to the charm. Not to mention,the decor is beautiful! The place is mostly bright white with yellow and gold accents. 

I ordered the traditional lumpia, lechon kawali and pancit. Out of these three , I would say I recommend the pancit the most! The pancit was savory , filling and big enough to share. I also enjoyed the lechon but it was quite heavy for a previous vegetarian. The lechon was crispy, juicy and meaty. 

The staff here are very friendly !"
This place is delicious! As a Filipino-American, it is easy to be critical on these home favorites, but they exceeded my expectations! Taste just as good as home!
My wife is Filipino, so we're always looking for good Filipino options in Atlanta. We only learned about Estrellita a few weeks ago, and we've already gotten takeout from there twice! We've had the traditional lumpia, Hearty Hash Silog, Balat Ng Manok Chicharron (fried chicken skin), and a lechon dish that appears to be off the menu now. Everything was delicious! If you've never tried Filipino food before, this is a great place to start.
My husband and I especially me, have been looking for a good filipino restaurant in Metro Atlanta and let me tell you this, this restaurant is in the perfect location not to mention the food is authentically Filipino! As a Filipino I am very happy that finally whenever I crave my food they are just 5 min drive away! My husband and I for sure will be frequent customers here! :)
"A hidden gem that you need to check out.

For starters, it is super cute. The interior has a modern but warm vibe - definitely date night worthy. Despite the small size, there is room to get some safe distance between diners, especially if you sit at the ledge/bar table along the back wall.

We had brunch - Hearty Hash Silog, Bistek, and Balat Ng Manok Chicharron. Word of warning about the Chicharron - once you start eating them, it's hard to stop. It's like fried chicken but just the crispy skin, which everyone knows is the best part. Overall a delightful meal, and a great introduction to Filipino food.

Service was fast and friendly. Will definitely be back."
I came Saturday evening with my boyfriend and they did not disappoint. The food was sooooo good! We ordered Inihaw na Baboy and Lechon Kawali. The pork belly was cut the perfect size, crunchy, marinated to perfection... I'm literally drooling just thinking about it. For dessert we got Turon and Halo Halo. Both were good but that Halo Halo baaaaby, had me feeling like I was in heaven walking on clouds. Our server was also very sweet and attentive. I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant! I'm so glad you guys are here and we can't wait to come back!
We ordered the guava juice, traditional lumpia, fried chicken skins and the notorious PIG. The prices were very reasonable and I appreciated that the menu was small. The lumpia was delicious - extremely crispy. The chicken skins were also really good - similar to a hybrid of pork rings and jerky. Also very crispy. And the notorious PIG was also good however I do wish there had been some sort of veggie served with the dish like some fresh cucumber or tomatoes. I wish there were more vegetables on the menu in general, to be honest. That would be a great addition! Otherwise, all the flavors were terrific and the service was wonderful.
nice food and good service, staff is very friendly and attentive. Drinks are good and place is clean. It is definatly worth a visit.
"WOW! So got my fix for filipino food on today. The guy who was there behind the counter, you order at the counter. Was awesome. Super helpful and explained all the dishes and my girlfriend and I decided on the lunch special, 2 mains and rice. He asked if I wanted to try some of the other dishes so my plate ended up with 1/3 of three different mains. And they he asked would like a sample of this or that and it was just amazing! 
I do not know the proper names of the dishes but there was pork, pork more pork and then goat!!!! 
I'll do my best to describe the dishes below the pictures. 
No menu and lots of people coming in to eat lunch."
"Super friendly family run business. Cafeteria style food with plastic cutlery and styrofoam containers. Very busy with people getting take out & party trays.
Definitely worth a visit for cheap $8 breakfast. Will be back to try other items when craving Filipino food."
"I was blown away by the top notch and friendly service. The restaurant had ran out of eggs so we were offered a hot dog as a substitute in its place for the all day breakfast options. 

Food took awhile, but was worth the wait. While waiting, I saw many people stopping by for take out orders.

Once our order arrived, portion size was very good for the price. Food was made to order and very flavourful. I ordered the tosilog (marinated sweet pork sausage) with a cut up hot dog in place of an egg. 

The surprising part was that we received a discount from the meal too because they ran out of eggs. I was taken aback by the
discount as I was already happy with the hot dog substitute.

I was told that the restaurant's speciality is goat when paying for the bill. I will have to return to try more food items."
"Great food and decent price with friendly staff. Really enjoyed my meal.

This place is definitely a place to go to for good home cooked meal.

Will recommend to all my family and friends."
Authentic Filipino food at its best! Kaldereta, kare-kare and isaw are the best! Lots of choices.
I'll admit that I only tried three items here, and I was full. The fried sesame balls with red bean paste were huge, but doughy. The fried taro ball and the fried meat dumpling were both good, and I would say everything was of decent value. I'd come back if I'm in the area and craving dim sum, but wouldn't go out of my way for anything here. That being said, everything was decent and of good value.
No different from the one from Chinatown. This branch is also packed with customers. I only get pork buns. It's cash only btw
"My boyfriend keeps dancing about how he has been going here for 15 years with his family but I'm used to Maxims or Keefer bakery in Chinatown for my baked goods. So I decided to join him..

Ambience: 1.5/5 super small, tacky and crammed. Displays are not visually appealing.

The workers speak basically 80% Chinese and 20% English but warning you may have to repeat your order more than once.

We had the Siaopao which was deliciously good. 4/5 and the Apple tarts 4.5/5, crispy flakey and just the right amount of Apple and filling inside! 

The vegetable spring roll I wanted to try, for a $1.30 can't go wrong! The inside was filled with bokchoy, carrots, water chestnuts, mushroom and some bamboo which was delicious, but super oily. So 3.5/5

The sesame red bean balls were pretty good and not oily, but smaller than Maxims.

So despite the oiliness and Rudeness I give them 3.5 but Yelp only allows 3,4, so 3 it is.. Everything's approx $1.10,$1.30 per piece.

If you order under 6 items you will be charged gst, also very important! CASH ONLY!!!! We had to walk a block to the HSBC to withdraw some $."
"Love, love, love (and miss) their siapao/ steam buns. Definitely asado somewhat bola-bola (the cooked egg yolk in the middle kind of surprises the taste for me).

My family and I would drive up just to pick up a few dozen and end up spending about $124 (Canadian dollars). For at least a dozen it costs around $20 depending on the type of meat. 

We took a longer trip there once and ate lunch which reminded me of Chow King in the Philippines. The prices were a bit expensive, but the servings were definitely enough to feed a family of 7 (3 brothers, my dad, my mom, me, and my husband)! We ordered a crispy noodle mein with seafood and pork (the broth is DELISH) and sweet and sour pork and rice. The wait wasn't too bad, but this place is constantly busy with people ordering siapao so you kind of have to expect that. We snacked on some siapao while we waited. For the meal we spent about $28~ which isn't bad for all of us.

Haven't visited the other location in Van City, but can't wait to come visit again!"
"It doesn't get any better than New Town Bakery Siopao.  Just as good as mom makes.  I usually buy 3 dozen whenever I'm in Vancouver.  Not a huge of selection of other things but they're awesome at what they do.  Asado is the best I've had here in the states.  The BBQ pork was grub.  Not a fan of bola bola but that's just my personal taste...my wife likes it so I figure it's actually pretty good.  

You gotta eat one while you're there...after you get them home and they've been sitting in the box for a couple hours, they tend to stick to one another in the box and aren't as soft and fluffy like they are when they come right out of the steamer.  If you have a bamboo steamer at home, fire it up and steam them again.  I've been to the Surrey location as well but I think the best buns are made out of the Chinatown location.  Buns just seem fluffier and the mean seems juicier.  MIght be just in my head though...

They have a small restaurant in the downtown Vancouver location.  Haven't had a chance to actually eat anything else but the food looked pretty good."
"It's not as nice as the renovated one in Chinatown Vancouver obviously but in some ways, more preferred here b/c u can take your time, eat & hang if you're trying to kill some time or do some work.  

Lot smaller, about 8 tables, all the seating is on your right hand side so i like the corner one ;)  It's not as busy as Van, even at lunch, it was half full.

They have lunch specials all under $7, which is not too surprising, & decent but nothing memorable.  Had the pan fried flat noodles w/ beef & sprouts.

Free parking in this strip mini-plaza.

cash only (no surprise)"
"Siopao! The BBQ pork steamed buns are so good here! Every time I trek across the border, I always make an effort to go out of my way to pick up these goodies here. Despite a Chinese background, this bakery caters to a lot of the surrounding Filipino community as well. Each siopao is $2 now (a mild price hike over the last 1-2 years), but worth it. They're consistently made fresh and large, and stuffed. The BBQ filling is mildly sweet and addicting.The flavor is even better if you order a side of their sauce (don't forget this part either!).

Theres also to basic Chinese bakery items as well, egg tarts etc. They have a regular menu with some Chinese takes on Filipino dishes (i.e. pancit). Prices are cheap and lines are consistently at the door at peak hours."
My family from Winnipeg is so in love with the siopoa (steam buns especially the bola bola) from new town that every time I go visit or someone comes here we are taking 3 o 4 dozens of them back to Winnipeg.  I think the people at the airport are so use to it, they don't even think its strange, it's never fun hand carrying 4 dozen steam buns but I do it for my family.   I'm not a big fan of the steam buns I will eat them they taste good, maybe because I can get it anytime it's not a big deal to me as it is with my family.  But I do like the other bake goods they have like sesame seed ball with red beam, really good asian sweets. The steam buns are always fresh and hot they also have them frozen.   This location has a small seating eating area.
I almost bought everything in the bakery  Their siopao (pork buns) asado & bola-bola are bomb! I also bought egg tart & puto. Make sure you have cash (either USD or CD) if you pay US dollars you get Canadian Dollars in change. parking is on the street so make sure you have CD coins as well. There are other shops nearby where you can buy Chinatown-ish souvenirs too. Service is good and staff were patient and friendly. They serve by the number & wait time is about 7-10 mins on non-peak times.
A friend from work recommended the New Town Bakery and, especially after reading the online reviews, I put it at the top of my list for our latest trip to Vancouver.  We crossed the border and headed north into Surrey, thankful for Google Maps as this wasn't the easiest place to find.  Parking was a bit of a hassle, but it pretty much always is up there - it's part of the charm, I like to say!  Once we got parked, we entered the bakery and were immediately enthralled by the yummy smells emanating from the display cases full of all sorts of yummy-looking delights.  But we had our eye on the prize: their coveted New Town siopao or BBQ pork steamed buns.  We ordered two of them (one baked, one steamed) plus a spicy pork bun, a red bean paste bun, and a lotus paste bun.  All were delicious, including the aforementioned siopao, but honestly I thought the spicy pork (which wasn't all that spicy) was simply one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The prices were unbelievably low, too.  As we continued toward our final destination in North Van I found myself wishing I'd bought more of them.  Oh well, there's always next time!
"There has never been a time when my family and I went to Canada and HAVEN'T bought siapaos from here; we look forward to it after every visit and it's become quite the family tradition.

The staff are always so accommodating and patient with us, because oftentimes we end up adding to our initial order of many siapaos to bring back home. Not to mention, their service is so so fast as well. The siapaos are always so hot and fresh that we're already eating them before we even leave the store. 

This place has NEVER been a disappointment, and it's a place we'll still be going to for years to come."
"I bought some buns to go: chicken, spicy pork 
And some sweet sticky dumpling with peanut and red beans. 

Sweet dumpling were almost same with Maxim's. Be careful to bite peanuts one because everything inside comes out easily. Very powdery filling. 

Meat buns : I recommend to warm up 20 sec before eating. The fat in the meat turns juice and bun's dough soaks up. Very tasty."
The place is cash only  I love their steam buns. The meat fillings is juicy even after microwaving it for another time. (cover the bun with a moist paper towel first, of course) My favourite dream bun is the big bun it has meat, ham, veggie, and salted egg yolk!  Their veggie steam buns are not bad too but I like the meat buns better.
Asado pork buns! Family always wants them by the dozens when returning to the U.S. Always consistent taste and quality.
"The decor earns it zero points but all I need is good food. When it comes with reasonable prices and fast polite service you get a B+. 
They advertise ""the best siopio in town' and I have to agree.My favourite is the asado siopio aka pork steam buns- the best Ive ever had. I have so many favs here. Lo mein (kinda a wet chow mein with liver, squid, noodles and veg), Puto - they have 3 varieties but my fav is the rice cake puto. The coconut buns are awesome too.
They serve Chinese/Filipino meals and pastries with a few Canadian pastries thrown in and they are all pretty yummy.The have some siopio in the freezer as well as Magnolia ice cream.
This place has been here for years and is still doing well that alonw should tell you something.

Tip- there is very little parking in the tiny lot out front so either park at safeway and pay the $1 fee (not sure if they will re-inburse or not ) or park at Surrey Central Mall and walk over. If your taking the skytrain get off at surrey central - its a 2 min walk from there."
The chicken deluxe siopao was tasty and filling. The filling includes chicken, a small piece of egg, and pork. The dough was soft; the filling inside was very flavourful. This is good to eat for a snack or if you want something light for dinner. It's also easy to take with you for lunch. Just wrap it in a moist paper towel, throw it in the microwave for a minute, and you're good to go! But for best results, it's best to eat it steamed.
Certainly a busy place when my wife and I dropped in just to buy steamed pork buns to go. The buns tasted ok but the layer of dough was just too thick, . And somewhat expensive.. just ok nothing special
Landmark of a good steam bun in Vancouver BC. This particular location is smaller. You need to call ahead if you want freshly made steam buns otherwise you will have to settle for the frozen ones they have reserved.
"Pretty sure my friend managed to get me hooked on New Town after he kept asking us to be bun mules and bring him his spicy pork buns back to the U.S. LOL.

Anyways, I'm glad that this Surrey location exists because it's a lot better than having to take the trek to either Vancouver location (or Richmond, when it was still around). The spicy pork buns are pretty good, really big and juicy. They are a bit expensive, especially if you end up getting 12. I don't know if it's ""bring 24-36 buns back to America"" good, but I've been sold on them enough to bring a box back with me for myself and my family. Cash only as well, which is an inconvenience.

Will probably come to the Surrey location over the Vancouver locations if I have to continue being the bun baron for my friends."
Their pancit and lumpia are delish!! I knocked a star off because of their lumpia size.  I ordered a 12 piece and it was basically 6 pieces of lumpia cut in half!
"Finally a legit authentic Filipino cooking!! They are located 20mins drive from our place but they are worth the drive! We ordered their weekend specials: lugaw with tokwat baboy, dinuguan and lumpiang toge... the taste brings me memory of my childhood favorites! The owner [Rex] know's  the values of Filipino cooking!! 

And since we are awe of the taste, we also ordered ube halaya, pancit bihon and lupiang sariwa for to go..."
delicious Lumpiang Sariwa, fresh veggie and generous size.  lechon rize is also flavorful with crunchy roast pork.
Had the caldareta it had great flavor.  Good to have another Filipino spot on westside.  It looks like they are expanding their menu from what is online, hope they add more Filipino classics.
"Really good food, I'm so glad we tried this place. We had the bbq pork and the fried chicken tonight, along with a side of lumpia and it was so good. The fried chicken was juicy, crispy, and great even before the sauce. The bbq pork was excellent with just the perfect amount of char. The lumpia were delicious, and usually lumpia are the crowd pleaser, but the other food was so good that we had lumpia left over. 

Can't wait to try the pork belly next time -- I'm sure it won't disappoint!"
We picked up dinner for our family and a friend Saturday night and couldn't of been more pleased. Everything we tried was authentic Filipino and tasted like it was made in a home kitchen. The Lumpia was so so good! We ordered a large order and there were 12 pieces and the sauce was perfect.
"Lumpia - if you love lumpia - this is a great spot for it. Be ware the size is small if you're expecting Panda Express size egg rolls....so order the 12 piece. Love the sauce that comes with it.

Fried chicken was perfectly cooked. Not too greasy and it was cooked all the way through. It comes with a heaping serving of rice. I also liked the sauce they provide with it. It's fried fresh so expect 15-20 min wait time. This was not a problem for me.

Buko Salad was nice and light. 

No photos because I couldn't wait to tear into it.

Couldn't give it a 5 star because I need to try the rest of their menu. I look forward to going back and trying more dishes."
Best Lechon around here. I looked up lechon on Yelp because this is my family's guilty pleasure that we have maybe 1-2 times a year. The employee was very nice on the phone and gave me call right before the food was done. It was crispy and juicy on the inside, perfectly seasoned, golden in color and not to oily. We are going to have to pick up lechon again soon!
The food here is amazing!  They just opened up and have a limited menu right now for their soft opening.  Hubby went there last night and ordered it for take out.  Took only about 15 minutes.  I had the bbq pork and he had the bbq chicken, plus we ordered extra lumpia.  It was awesome!  The pork and chicken are on skewers and they were very tender, juicy, and sauce was very tasty!  Lumpia is my favorite food in the world (I used to live in the Philippines as a kid.)  Some restaurants try to pass off egg rolls as lumpia, but lumpia has it's own particular wrapper, and I could definitely tell this was the right stuff!  I've been wanting a Filipino restaurant for a long time, and this will definitely satisfy me!  I highly recommend this place!!
Beaverton needs more Filipino restaurants. The Lumpia was tasty, I'm glad I bought 2 orders because 1 order was not enough. The chicken adobo was just ok.
"New family owned Filipino restaurant in Bethany (on west side of Portland).  Took over the old Chicken Adobo location. 

Tried it because it's important to support local Fil-Am businesses. But please note this is NOT fast food. So recommend calling your order ahead of time or wait in your car. My hubby and I chose to wait outside.  Waited 30 minutes but we ordered at least 5 different dishes.  There are heat lamps outside the door but make sure to turn the timer on.

Food was all yummy, but need to try the rest with next visit and hopefully they have buko salad next time."
"Lots of dessert choices here 
They probably hate me for this , but I treat this place as more of a cafe"
I'm upping my rating for this restaurant because me and the wife came back yesterday for an early dinner and it was marvellous. The Kare Kare was simply to die for, the Chicken Mami was great, and the Turon was really good. Service was fast!
"People have tried over and over again to do a Filipino restaurant in a non-buffet style environment. 

And failed. 

Enter Kumare, in Richmond. Extensive menu but I have never really gotten past the first page where you'll find their all day mother-loving breakfast-silog menu. $8 gets you garlic fried rice or pandesal, coffee and your choice of tocilog, langonisilog, tapsilog, and bangusilog-which I didn't know existed until I saw it on the menu and then realized, bien sur, of course such a thing would exist. I just never called it bangusilog. I just called it the most fun you'll have with a spoon and fork."
"First time my bf brought my family and friends here, it was a Saturday night.  Even though we made a reservation, we still had to wait a bit.  We were sat in the back corner where there was no air flow, and the humid warm-ish weather that day didn't help the cause.  Ordered the crispy pata, Kumare's fish, Laing, pork sisig, and  a big bowl of rice for us 5.

Crispy pata - mmmm. crispy pork hock dipped in vinegar.  my only complaint was that I didn't get to eat much of the crispy skin cuz my friends are pigs (j/k)

Kumare's fish - mom wanted a fish dish.  The sauce covering it was sweet and sour, and pretty much saved the otherwise bland fish under it.

Laing - taro leaves in coconut sauce; we wanted a veggie dish to accompany all the oily stuff, only to realize there are meat bits hidden in there :D  It was very interesting, though, texture like spinach, and doesn't taste bad at all

pork sisig - minced pork (+ veggies+egg) on sizzling plate.  Mix it all together and serve with rice. After the mixing, it doens't look appetizing at all, but the taste is there :D  I think it was the favorite dish that evening, aside from the crispy pata.

Second time i went with bf only, on a not so busy day, and ordered the crispy pata with kare kare sauce, and pork sinigang.  The kare kare sauce (peanut) didn't do much for the dish at all, so we ended up asking for a plate of vinegar to dip it in.  Not worth the extra $2 imo.  Sinigang is a sour soup, and trust me, it took a few meals for me to get used to it, as I'm used to the usually salty, occasionally sweet, Chinese soups.  The combination of the two dishes was awesome; the fried oily stuff was balanaced by the sourness of the soup. Yumzors.

Prolly will be the it filipino place to go for us (that's not as far as Coquitlam - see Kulinarya).  


P.S. beware of the washroom sink; i generally do not like touching the sink basin unless i have to clean it =/"
"Not a bad place if you're in the mood for filipino food in Richmond; just hard to live up compared to Goldilock and Pinpin.

still a solid place to bring the tourists here.

modern decor.

free parking."
"One of my new favourite Filipino restaurants to go to. Their dishes are seasoned just right and I like choosing from a menu, not from a buffet-line type area. Our dinner for two people consisted of:

Garlic rice (large): Tasty rice, well cooked. We weren't really sure what a large was until I saw a big bowl at a nearby table. 
Chicken kare kare: Always a favourite. I love the peanut sauce. This one was cooked just right. The chicken was nice and tender and the vegetables weren't overcooked.
Crispy pata: The perfect crispy skin - nothing tough or hard to chew on. The meat was okay but a nice dousing of soy sauce + vinegar made it good. The kare kare sauce was a good complement for the crispy pata.

By the end of dinner, we had some leftovers. Maybe about a cup of rice, half the pata, and half the kare kare. As I write this post, I'm still feeling full and the thought of being able to eat the kare kare tomorrow makes me even more full as I imagine its peanutty deliciousness. Mmm...

--
Update: Too much MSG in the food. It's what makes the food good and it's also what made me lethargic for two days."
This is the best Filipino restaurant in the Lower Mainland, hands down. If you have never had Filipino food before, I urge you to try this out. Granted it's not a 5-star establishment but compared to other Filipino restaurants out there it might as well be. It's very clean, well-priced and most of all absolutely delicious. So delicious that my son who doesn't normally eat Filipino food actually likes the food here. Every single thing we've had so far has been outstanding, and our goal is to eventually try everything on the menu.
Great sit down Filipino resto. Love the congee goto and tofu tollway baboy. You must try he pork barbecue,crispy fish,and garlic rice. Fill your belly without emptying your wallet.yum
"This was a good experience of Filipino food for my family.  They never really tried Filipino food and didn't know if they would like it.  I think they've changed thier minds now.  The food was very good.  We had 4 or 5 dishes and they were all tasty.  The Pork sisig was very flavorful and developed a cruncy crust from the sizzling plate.  It was my favorite dish.  The milk fish was also good and seasoned well.  

I'm taking away 1 star because the service could be better.  You need to flag them down if you needed anything.  Our waitress looked grumpy.  She could smile more."
"Healthy Philippono Food!

I eat here from time to time and the service is friendly.

I am from the Philippines and this place has the authentic favourites with a healthy twist. This is the main reason why I still eat here. 

Normally Philippino food is oily and fatty, but  Kumare uses fresh lean ingredients. It is a good and bad thing. It makes the classic favourites less tasty, but it wont be drenched in delicious high sodium fat.

The Halo-Halo crushed ice dessert is the best in town!"
Definitely worth the drive from Vancouver WA to Vancouver BC. Everything tasted just right, just like how good Filipino restaurants make it in the Philippines. Crispy pata was so good. Will be returning for the lechon (only served on weekends)
Had dinner there yesterday. Ordered caldereta, Bicol express, pancit canton and a skewer each or BBQ chicken and pork. All very good...only thing I have to complain about is that your clothes really smell once you leave. Always have to get the whole fam to strip down once we get home and do a load of laundry. Also the portions are smaller than the usual you would get at other Filipino restaurants
"We were craving for lechon kawali so we thought we'd try a different Filipino restaurant. Aside from the lechon kawali, we ordered pork sisig and beef kare-kare. The lechon kawali and pork sisig were cooked to perfection but the type of pork they used had a smell to it ""stinky, old pork meat""! 

I informed the waitress that the food tasted good but she should inform the owner of the restaurant to buy a better grade or quality of pork meat. She said that she would do so because a lot of their customers had the same comment. Overall, it was good! I'd recommend the baboy & Ube hopia plus their Ube bread!!"
A place to go for a filipino cuisine, i love the ukoy, langing. I visit them just for the lechon, I was dissapointed, the skin was really hard, it is hard ti bite, I was expecting that it willbe crispy like way back home. I inform them but was inform manager was not there. It looks like if the manager is not there, no one can deal with the problem. Customer service is average, it doesn't reflect filipino hospitality!
"As a Chinese-Filipino who's never been to the Philippines and had to suffice on stories of delicious street foods from her parents, I was excited to try a Filipino restaurant. My mum had recently eaten there and thought I'd like to try it.

I was impressed by the small, but clean and sleekly decorated establishment. Dark wood paneling, funky lighting fixtures. It kind of looked like a bubble tea restaurant.

There was a big pile of ensyamada and pan de sal freshly made and ready to buy, in addition to some Filipino desserts and beverages.

I love full size glass bottle cokes and sprites. I love that they had them.

The menu had ample selection and my mum vouches that it ""tastes like home"". I ordered the palabok and it tasted just like my mum made. Decently sized portion, in my opinion.

My boyfriend ordered the chicken karekare, and again, it tasted just like my mum used to make, except it was a little runnier. Still tasted delicious, though.

The calamasi juice was refreshing and sweet. Sometimes Goldilock's is a bit bitter.

My mum ordered the bistek tagalog and it was AMAZING. Beef was flavourful and tender, due to the marinating in calamansi juice. I LOVED the garlic rice as well.

The dishes are simple but delicious and the ensyamada (we bought 6 to go) are denser than Goldilock's and a little heavier on the butter and cheese. 

ONE thing to note. They have some kinks to sort out, service-wise. We went at a fairly slow period, maybe half the restaurant full, yet my boyfriend's dish came very quickly but cold. In general, the food came out extremely quickly, which made me suspect a lot of their food is already pre-cooked and just being kept warm."
Very complete market. I love the variety and the staff was very helpful. I wish the signage was bilingual, however. I saw a number of fresh vegetables that I did not recognize. Labels were all in Korean. Yes, I know it's a Korean market, but I was unable to shop because of this. I guess I'll need a Korean to English dictionary. I would still return for the items that I could identify.
Woo Sung is a large market, offering all sorts of asian goods, but with a heavy focus on Korean   stuff. They have a small produce section, pre-cut frozen meats perfect for Korean BBQ, prem-made kimchi, and plenty of other foods. It's located in a dead strip mall, so there is always parking. Service is friendly to English speakers, so don't be hesitant...come check it out!
"Anyong haseyo!!!!  I think that means ""what's up!"" in Korean.

So i'm not Korean... but i love Korean food and its culture.  I watched a few K-Dramas in my time and love my fair share of bibimap and galbi.  Anyway...this is where I like to do my Asian groceries.  I know Viet Town has tons of great places to go, but I like the vicinity of this place and parking is much easier.

It's tucked right behind the RaceTrac on Edgewater next to the Public Library.  I really wish this plaza would get an uplift because it really does have the potential to be a nice area.  Anyway, this place has all my typical Asian grocery needs: rice, sauces, exotic vegetables, snacks, mochi and frozen meats (including thinly sliced galbi ribs) and fish.  

What they may lack in exotic fruits like durian or any of those weird spikey fruits or fresh meats (no butcher) they make up for in Korean dishes. They have a whole section for already prepared side dishes or pan chan.  So if you've ever eaten at a Korean restaurant and they give out those dishes on small plates, they sell them here!  The bean sprouts, garlic cucumbers, kimchi, pickled radish, seaweed salad etc.  They even have already marinated, ready to cook bulgogi, bibimbap, and on weekends they have lots of ready made Kim Baps (korean sushi) and marinated fish cakes.  Periodically, they also have pastries delivered: milk buns, taro rolls, etc.  They also have a whole wall of korean marinades, sauces, etc for your kbbq needs. I was even able to find a hot cooktop with propane tank which would be super useful during hurricane outages.  They have a huge assortment of different noodles and yes, you can find the spicy ramen here!

Yelp 100 Challenge 72/100"
Loved this store. So clean and well kept. The fresh Kim bap was amazing! The fresh japchae was so yummy and perfectly seasoned. We got everything we needed. Went with a friend and two kids.
"This is definitely my type
Of Asian store. They have varieties of Korean, Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese & Filipino food & grocery items inside. The produce products is alot cheaper than the local grocery/superstores in the neighborhood. No crazy people in the parking lot. The staffs are always busy though so
Make sure you already know what you need prior to coming here. But its always worth it to visit."
Great Korean market. The store is clean and tidy. often you can find the smell of something delicious cooking. They have a large variety of Kimchee and noodles. The parking lot is convenient and you can easily park and run in for a quick visit.
"I was staying with friends in Kingswood Manor and needed to get my steps in for the day. Saw there was a shopping center not too far away that could help with the count. Said shopping center is a bit weird. There is a post office and a library - yeah, a library in a strip mall... - Julia's pizza, a laundromat, a party event site, and an Asian appliance store. Like I said weird. The highlight was Woo Sung.

I doubt there are many Asian grocery stores in the area, especially ones focusing on Korean with a splash of Filipino. You walk in and to your left is the fresh produce, which honestly isn't that bad. Scallions, bok choy, and more staples, as well as more western options. They do have a selection of Dosirak or premade snacks/meals including Gimbap and Jeon. Near that in a refrigerator are a solid selection of Banchan including Kimchi, other pickled vegetables, anchovies and more. 

Continuing along the outside edge are prepackaged meat and alcohol like sake and shochu. At this point you turn into the frozen food section which has a huge variety of frozen fish, meat, snacks (like dumplings, lumpia, mandu, etc.), wrappers and more.

In the inside rows include rice, sauces & condiments, snacks both sweet and savory, and a bunch kitchen items from spoons, plates, and I lost track at this point. 

Note: For those on the lookout for Japanese Kit Kats, they had Green Tea, Raspberry (which I got and wow these were RASPBERRY) and a few other varieties.

All in all, not a bad grocery store. If I lived in the area and wanted to make an Asian-style meal hard to beat coming here. Also would probably work my way through some of the items and find out what I like."
Awesome Korean and Asian market that has been around since 1996 and we just discovered it, and we've been here since 89. If you like Bonchon then they sell of great variety in containers for 3 to 5 dollars, including seasoned fish cake, kelp salad, spicy seasoned radish, seaweed salad, mung bean salad and do many more.  The staff is very helpful and showed us ingredients for some of our favorite dishes including soon dubu.  We would have bought their house made version but it was made with a meat stock and we don't ear mammal.  No funky fish aroma like he would smell at many other Asian markets, but that's because they don't have the fish counter. Produce look good prices are good. Best service we have run into in an Asian market in town.
Good selection of products. It's mostly Korean though. They could have better variety in produce and the prices are a bit high, but they are very helpful. (: they really helped me out multiple times in finding what I needed.
Best Korean store in orlando! It has a pretty good mix of different Asian products, but for me, it's usually hard to find GOOD Korean ingredients... It's about the size of a regular grocery store and all the products are always fresh. Even though it's on the other side of town, that's the only Asian store I'll go to because of the great selection and it doesn't smell stale like a lot of the other store around here. Staff is always super friendly and they make a lot of the kimchi in the store. Yum!
Yayyy! So happy I found this place! A little pricier then first oriental but closer, cleaner, and a bigger selection. I now have a new place to get my kimchee fix!
My wife and I have been regular customers with these folks for over 30 years. My Korean wife finds everything she could want here and its always fresh. . Store is always clean and the staff are very helpful. Will continue going there for rest of our lives.
Best Korean market in Orlando! Huge variety of items, always clean & neatly organized.
"Again, here's a business I wouldn't have known about had it not been for Yelp, and my friend Mia's check-in.  Talk about glowing (even fawning) reviews!  I almost dropped everything and jumped in the car!

Exercising restraint, I went yesterday instead, 2 days later when it made more sense to integrate that into my schedule for the day.  As promised, it was in a 'dead' mall, a little hard to find, with plentiful parking, and few other customers inside.  It IS a lot cleaner and spacious than most Asian markets, and there is good (not great) variety for an entity that purports to cover a few different ethnicities (""Oriental"" Food Mart).  It's obviously best for Korean, seeing how it's primarily owned and operated by Koreans - check out the 1600 different varieties of seaweed in different parts of the store!  Prices are by and large reasonable, with some that are lower and others higher when compared with competitors.  What makes it cleaner/neater is also its ""weakness"", you may argue: no fresh meat tables, no live seafood, which are sometimes the very reasons one visits such an establishment.  

Still, why 3 stars?  To be honest, I thought of rating it a '4' instead, if only in deference to my Yelp peers.  But if 3 stars means ""A-OK"", I don't think it's a slight.  I know that sounds disingenuous even as I write it, seeing how we're all obsessed with numerical ratings.  Other 'flaws' to back up my 'unflattering' 3 stars are: 

A) The lack of clearly-marked price.  This could be in the form of ""there ARE no prices marked"" Exhibit one, the rice section, where some prices are marked (even if not easy to read, when it's a lame piece of paper stuck haphazardly onto the pallet), some with labels that got swept UNDER the pallet, and others that were non-existent as far as I could see.  I might have bought a bag or two had I known what the prices were!  The other way prices are not clear is in their ambiguity.  Prices are often just a price label on the shelves, with no reference to a product description or product code.  Well we all know how products don't always align perfectly with the prices, either as laid out by the store and/or moved (inadvertently or otherwise) by customers.  This amateurish way of showing prices shouldn't be acceptable with a business of this size of operation.  Surely, technology is so advanced that there'd be a better way!

B) The produce section.  Even though there are a few that are allowed to 'live and breathe' (e.g., water cress, and a great price at 99 cents a bunch), many, if not most, of the veggies are ""pre-packaged"" with a styrofoam bottom and plastic wrap (think ""Dong-A"").  This might be OK if you move your merchandise quickly, but when that's not the case, the poor plants sit there, and they wilt, and they dry up.  I could not bring myself to buy any on this particular day - yes, even the ""born free"" water cress had been without enough water and refrigeration for too long to not require resuscitation.

P.S. Hey, Yelp - how about taking a look at the category for this business, or the algorithm that generates those questions at the bottom that ask for 'additional tips'.  This is a food market; do YOU think they take ""Reservations"" or have a full bar?"
Best Korean market I have been to in the area, moved to Melbourne Florida ( No great Korean market in the area of Melbourne ) had to drive here to find a larger selection of Korean grocery. We are from Atlanta and I was used to going to H-Mart for my Korean grocery and Buford market, so it was nice to see a Korean grocery that had everything I needed but wish it was closer to where I live. Will be coming back for sure.
Great market. I purchase all my sushi supplies there and they have great fresh items too.
Clean and organized. The only issue which was a bit annoying for me was that they miss a lot of price tags in the frozen categories. Had to bring items to the cashier to ask for prices one by one.
"This is my go-to place for quick finds for Asian goods.  It's another bonus knowing that it's near where I live as well.  Score!

It has all the essentials of what you'll need from Korean, Thai, Filipino, Japanese, and more.  All their veggies are fresh and sell for a good price.  Quality is also good.  I forget what day or time they sell pre-made korean food that comes out hot and fresh.  You definitely have to try them, especially the KimBap which is the korean sushi.  It is SOOOO good.

They also sell rice cookers, pots, pans, bath essentials, shampoo and other goodies that are from Asia. The store is always kept clean, and even if it looks sketchy from the outside and the plaza that it's located, it's a good store."
Big, clean, lots of familiar Korean favorites. Decent Vietnamese section as well. Very well organized. Will be back.
"I love Woo Sung! Don't let the dead (and I mean D E A D) strip mall it's planted in fool you: this is a terrific store.

They have a great stock of everything you need for Korean cooking, a wide variety of brands for each kind of ingredient, and clearly-labeled and well-organized aisles. Their selection of fresh produce is very appealing, and they even have a refrigerated display of homemade side-dishes! I always make sure to grab a container of their fresh kimchi and at least one other cold side-dish when I stop by.

Apart from staple cooking ingredients, dried seaweed, pickles, etc, they have an exhaustive selection of snacks and ramen. Their frozen food aisle also has tons of ready-made buns and fish cakes, and also whole frozen fish and meats. And the best part: the prices! You can emerge from this market laden with bags and with a receipt practically long enough to wrap around yourself like a Halloween mummy costume, and you'll probably still have spent less than $50.

I've been to Woo Sung a number of times, and everything I've bought here has been very good quality. It's kind of a trek for me, since I live 30 minutes away, but it's well worth the trip."
Best Korean marketin Orlando. I never have any problem finding anything I need to cook my favorite Korean dishes. The staff is friendly and available to answer any questions.
Great customer service! Rose was very welcoming! I was in town (Cali) craving breakfast and happened to stop by during a private event, butRose accommodated me despite them being closed to public. Great open door hospitality! Breakfast was delicious!
"Ok, I'm not too familiar with Filipino food, because I've only tried three places (and some home-cooked dishes from my boyfriend).
Goto King (near Joyce skytrain station), Pinpin (on Fraser St somewhere I think?) and Kulinarya (flippin' Coquitlam!). (Sorry, that was such a bad pun, please ignore.)

My boyfriend ordered, because I was completely clueless.  We had: crispy pata - deep fried pork ...knuckles? with this vinegary dipping sauce - LOVE! I prefer this over the Chinese pork thing with the crispy skin, just because that one is way too salty to eat a lot of; Bicol express (mildly spicy pork stew) reminded me of Southeastern curries, as it had a hint of coconut milk in the mix.  Lastly, we finished with a Halo halo - shaved ice dessert, with toppings like sweet yam, beans, jellies etc with UBE ice cream (my favorite part).

The people there were so welcoming and courteous.  The place was on the cleaner side, compared to the two places I've mentioned earlier; has a nice cafe feel.

Out of the three places, I like this one the most, and would definitely go more often.... if it wasn't so far away from where I live ):  If you live in the area, lucky you, so go try it!"
"Love this restaurant, and love supporting local Filipino businesses! Had my birthday here and did the traditional Filipino ""kamayan"" dinner (aka ""boodle fight"") where you eat with your hands. Everyone should try it at least once!

They have a good variety of dishes to choose from...you pick 5 entrees: one from each category (pork, beef, chicken, seafood, veggies) and it comes with white rice, spring rolls, longganisa (sweet sausage), and plaintain bananas & halo-halo for dessert. The food was super good and a lot of fun to enjoy & share together. They prepare waaaaay more food than the number of people you book, so we had tons of leftovers for everyone! Everyone was incredibly accommodating and service was attentive, they even came to our table afterwards to chat & make sure we were satisfied with everything.

My only criticism is that the halo-halo was pretty underwhelming, and they charge quite a bit for children. Their website says that all kids under 10 are $15 each (no exceptions), which is more than half the price of an adult. We had a 4 year old and a 1 year old attending, so I really  felt that I had to ask about the 1 year old...but thankfully they said that he's free. It's still kinda pricey for a 4 year old, it's not like they really have to prepare THAT much more food...so I had to take one star away for that. My suggestion is to not bring any kids & just give them some of your leftovers afterwards, lol.

Overall it's my top spot for Filipino food in Coquitlam, they also have a new location on Commercial Drive in Vancouver. Will definitely be back to try their regular menu!"
Came here for dinner based on other yelp reviewers and enjoyed it and am already planning on bringing friends here.  We don't have filipino food often and the owner recommended manok sa gata (chicken and veggies in coconut milk - similiar to a mild curry with a hint of sweetness and pineapples) and crispy pata (fried pork leg - crispy skin, juicy meat and awesome house made vinegar dipping sauce).  The space is very inviting and the owners/staff are very friendly.  They offered complimentary crunchy peanuts when we were seated and we finished a fantastic meal with an order of halo halo (that was the only item i knew to order ;). So good, very friendly and will be back with (filipino) friends (which will be the true test).
Been looking for a nice, no fuss lunch place close to my place and this may be it! I had the house special arroz de kulinaria and it was filling, hot and well presented. Fast friendly service too!
"It's very hard to find a decent Filipino Restaurant around the Tri-Cities, usually I have to head to Fraser at PinPin's if I am craving Filipino food when not eating at my Mom's. 

The food here is made very well, taste healthier than your regular Filipino meal. Being a BIG fan of ""Sisig"", I just wished that their ""Sisig"" is more crispier as sometimes it can get a bit soggy. Their Pork ""Sinigang"" is really good and tasty, you can taste the distinct tamarind flavor that all ""Sinigang's"" should have. Prices seem a bit steeper compared to others but since I don't have to drive to Vancouver, I don't mind it. Other than that I recommend this place especially for non-Filipinos looking to try our cultural dishes."
Been here several times and our experienced today was good. Crispy Pata is a bit smaller in size comparing to other Filipino restaurant. Pork Barbecue is very thin in slice, taste bland and was burnt. Was happy with their Laing and Dinuguan. This restaurant is very small in dining area and busy most of the time so you better call them first.
Beautiful place, the food is amazing! Waitress are so nice and food tasty. We went for. birthday party and we had the chance to try all the food in the menu. I recommand this place if you want to eat true philipino food!
"Kulinarya Filipino Eatery (菲律賓的傳統早餐)

Kulinarya這家菲律賓小餐館位於距離溫哥華大約半小時車程的高貴林市，它隱藏在一個小 Plaza""Coquitlam Square"" 裡面，招牌也不是特別顯眼。走進門後，室內裝潢帶有一點點南洋風，木頭桌椅、手寫招牌、木頭菜單等等，彷彿坐在菲律賓某個海灘旁邊的餐廳吃飯一樣。店家除了全日供應菲律賓的傳統早餐和家庭菜色外，也提供團體餐飲到會服務。而店家還有一種菲律賓傳統餐宴「Kamayan-style lunch/dinner」是本地其他同類食肆沒有的，這種餐宴的特色在於不設餐碟餐具，所有參與賓客都只憑雙手去檢桌上食物進食，真想試試啊！這個傳統餐宴是按人計算，起碼六人成團，平日每位$25元，週五六日為$30/人

點餐時，餐廳會先送上一碟免費的酥炸蒜味玉米給你品嘗，香香脆脆，用來送酒或送飯都不錯

Filipino Breakfast (Main + garlic rice, fried egg, tomatoes and papaya relish) $11
Bangsilog - 炸魚煎蛋炒飯（炸虱目魚菲律賓語Bangue）
Longsilog - 香腸煎蛋炒飯（香腸菲律賓語Longganisa） 
Tapsilog - 牛肉煎蛋炒飯（牛肉菲律賓語Tapa）

菲律賓早餐叫Almusal ，而Si意思是炒飯，Log意思是煎蛋，所以silog就是炒飯加煎蛋。這裡的早餐主菜有三款口味，我選了香腸"
"I'm from the states. . And Filipino food and stores are always convenient meaning they're just a drive away. Constantly going to Canada and always eating ""Asian food"" or food we don't have stateside always makes you miss Filipino food. I'm very picky when it comes to Filipino food because mama always does it best, but let me tell you... this place was right up there along side mama. There food is so good, fresh, and the people are very welcoming. Also, the cute mason jars is a nice touch! Super recommend and we'll be coming back often!"
This was my first time eating Filipino food and I was impressed. I had the Baka Sinigang as I had a bit of a cold. I felt way better after eating as much as I could. Can't wait to try some more dishes here!
The food is delicious, the decor is modern and the family who runs the restaurant is simply the sweetest. Their halo halo is Sooo yummy and refreshing in the summer time and my fiancé is crazy about their crispy pata. The BBQ platter is great- I love the squid. My only issue is that sometimes, the TV is on really loud which really cheapens the dining experience.
"Great little place tucked away in a strip mall just behind Coquitlam Centre.

I went there for lunch with a friend and tried their combos which were delicious.

The woman who took our order was extremely friendly and helpful in showing us dishes from each section on the menu, but I'll admit the dishes we selected weren't anything that was really different from Chinese food beyond the fact that my friend's dish had fried bananas so I can't really say we tried anything that was uniquely Filipino.

I will definitely return with more friends for dinner so that we can take her up on her recommendations and try multiple dishes next time. I would say however, groups over 6-8 would probably have a hard time, being that the place was quite small and a group of 6 people would already take up about a quarter of the seating space available. Anything more and you're practically taking over the place for a private function! haha"
The food was so good! Hard to find a Filipino spot in Canada and I'm so glad we came to this one. The place itself was really chic and the workers were very nice. Had the adobo, pork BBQ, Shanghai, and turon for dessert. Yummmmm
"I've been here a couple times already, and it's by far my favourite Filipino restaurant in the Lower Mainland. All of my experiences there have been great, except for this one. We came in on a Thursday around 2pm, there was nobody in the restaurant for the entirety of our stay, other than two guests doing take-out. 
Like I said, the food is amazing, we ordered a Filipino-type fried rice with pork, shrimp paste, onion, tomato and mangoes, as well as crispy pork with lechon and my favourite Kare Kare. It was my first turn trying the fried rice this time, and it's probably the best fried rice I've ever had ever (probably because I love shrimp paste so much), it wasn't oily at all, the had a nice balance of flavour that actually went well with the Kare Kare rather than regular steamed rice. Everything in the dish was very balanced. The lechon was spot on, the insides were soft and the outsides were crispy. The Kare Kare on the other hand, wasn't as good as it used to be.. This was probably my fourth time at this restaurant and every time I come back, the quality just lessens, it's quite disappointing because I love this dish, but it's because the beef isn't as tender and juicy anymore, it used to just fell apart when you touched it, but now it seems almost dry, like they cook it first than throw in the sauce, that's what PinPin does and it's even more disappointing. 
The reason why my experience this time wasn't as good as the others was because I actually found a long hair in the Kare Kare, they refired immediately, but then halfway through our dinner my boyfriend found another hair (short and wavy this time) in the fried rice :/ We had already eaten more than half of it, and didn't want to mention it to them again, so we left it at that. What's even worse is that when we went to pay, she still charged us for the food that we found a hair in, I mean I don't really care, I'm not trying to be cheap and get free food, but in all honesty, it's technically a complaint, and at my work, it definately would've been free. Just saying, service standards.
Atmosphere: I called this place hipstery, probably because of the chalkboard on the wall and the mix matched tables and chairs, but my boyfriend called it home-y. There's no music played so it's quite quiet in there when there's no other customers, but all the other times I came were for dinner around 7-9pm and there were always other tables so there was light chatter. 
Service: They give you a small dish of Filipino nuts/chip things after you order, it's a nice touch because you don't see that very often anymore and they're delicious! 

Food: 5/5
Atmosphere: 4/5
Service: 3/5

I recommend this place to my friends all the time, I still love it regardless, but it'd be great if they could fix their Kare Kare recipe! The hair and the quality disintegration won't stop me from coming back, maybe I'll have to change my favourite dish to the fried rice. They're still the best Filipino restaurant in the Lower Mainland!"
"I've been here a couple of times now and I was impressed both times.

There's not a lot of places to find good Filipino food but this is definitely one of them.

We ordered our usual favourites...

Crispy Pata
Kare-Kare
Laing

and added a noodle dish, soup and grilled fish. I wasn't really paying attention to the latter stuff.

In any case, the Crispy Pata was very tasty. The skin was crispy and not overly chewy. The meat was tender and juicy still.

The Kare-Kare was excellent. It's so rich, creamy and flavourful. It's just a very satisfying dish.

The Laing was also pretty good although I don't like it as much as some of the others at the table. I found it a touch on the salty side so you have to have a mouthful of rice with it.

The other stuff was alright. I wasn't blown away but it didn't disappoint me either.

Service was quick and friendly.

Definitely come here."
"I don't live anywhere near this restaurant, but if I'm in the area, I make sure to eat there.  Everything I had so far is very tasty and the servers are very friendly.  They make it feel like I went there for a family dinner.  Must have garlic rice and any other dish will go with it.

A group was there for Kamayan and the table was being set up next to us.  OMG, it looked impressive.  I must get a group of friends together!"
"The foods were carefully made, and the ambiance was sweet.
Probably Im simply not a fan of Filipino cuisine, I found myself wasn't quite enjoying the dinner. 
The breakfast menu seemed really nice."
We were visiting Vancouver (from NY) and wanted to see if there were any good Filipino restaurants in the area and there were many. We picked this one based on the reviews. Would have ordered everything but decided to get crispy pata, fried tilapia, vegetable lumpia, nilagang baka made with beef shank, pork sinigang and pork barbecue for the kids. Everything was yummy! My favorite was the beef shank-- the broth was so flavorful and the neat so tender. And the marrow was the treat! The tilapia was crispy but moist inside. Turon and halo-halo for desert! Oh and Bistek Tagalog for my brother to take home! Just couldn't have enough! Highly recommend Kulinarya for you next craving!
"We usually come here for ""paksiw na pata"" its one of the best and they do it very well.. This is my personal favourite dish from kulinarya..  Definitely a must have when in the area."
I went here just to get Halo-Halo with my bf. Small, tiny place but the place was nice and tidy. The servers were really nice although one of them lacked the experience. He was so confused on our orders too. Anyways the halo-halo had too much ice! It was in a small cup for $7, so expensive! I felt like I was being ripped off by buying a $7 cup of water... I was so disappointed. For now I'm gonna give three stars but, maybe I'll come back for the food since I can never find good Filipino restaurants around...
"This is really good food. It is also Filipino food, which is nice... but it's good. Like GOOD good. So flavourful, well balanced flavours, so authentic (Luzon-style) and a really broad range of options. The prices are what I expect for something so protein-heavy... not super-cheap, but on point for well made, mostly family-style food.

The service is very Asian (they don't hover and if you are in a hurry you do have to go get them) but attentive enough. It's a small space, and it's popular, so notice the busy times and plan accordingly (we watched them lose more than 8 people who weren't willing to wait)... 

We had, well, everything ... crispy pata, pancit bihon, kare-kare, lumpia shanghai, laing, and crispy garlic rice... the only thing missing from the flavour (they don't serve it) was calamansi, but lemon replaced the acidity in the pancit... and we had to ask for the suka and soy sauce for the pata (Luzon uses patis)."
Good food like Indonesian but without any heat. Had Manuk sa Gata (chicken curry) and Pangsit Sotanghon (pork and prawns over glass noodles). Been there a number of times and food is consistently good.
Great Filipino food. So happy to see them in Skip The Dishes website too! Finally delivery of Filipino food when I am craving it! Now just need to see if they can make and deliver Pandesal!
Tried their pancit malabon for lunch today with some friends. Great presentation, taste, and huge portion size! They seem like a family run shop with their warm, friendly service and I will be back to try other dishes. Great first foray into Filipino food and I'm excited to return for more.
Located in a plaza so parking wasn't too much of an issue. It is quite a small restaurant that has limited capacity but they seated us pretty quickly. The décor is in real need of help but the food was amazing! My best friend and I shared two dishes family style the chicken adobo and the crispy pata with large rice. We were disappointed that they didn't have the pancit malabon or brown rice. But what we ordered was very tasty and it left the flavours in my mouth long after my meal. The price was very reasonable between $11 - 13 and the portions were decent. They also had some fresh baked goods like ensamada and pandesal. I would order a much larger Cripsy pata (roasted pig) next time and leave room for ensamada.
"I've heard about this Filipino food place from work and so I went to try it with my family. We were there on a saturday and the place is pretty busy, place is fairly big & clean, lots of tables. There was a short line when we arrive, but we were able to get a table quite quickly. Service was prompt and friendly. Parking is free at the basement.

We ordered fried chicken which was great-kids loved it, Shirmp Sinigang(sour soup) & lumpia(spring roll)-delicious!...but my wife & I were blown away with their Beef Kare-kare(peanut-based thick stew)-ahh that thing was amazing!

For dessert, Leche Flan(custard) ..but the grand finale was the  Halo-halo(shaved ice with mixed fruits, gellos, etc) , really really good...no wonder Pres. Obama requested this added in the  White House desserts.

Since then we frequent the place, mostly weekends. Also with co-workers."
"We are from Raleigh, NC USA, and visiting our family in Burnaby. We had dinner at Max's yesterday. Overall dining experience was terrific and the wait staff excellent. However, we were not satisfied with the quality of the crispy pata. My brother in law, who frequently orders this dish, indicated that the meat smelled and tasted awful. We returned the dish and the waiter promptly offered an alternative or offered to remove it from our bill. 

I  would gladly give five stars for our dining experience. With exception of the crispy pata, our meals were excellent and the service was prompt and we were appropriately accommodated with great seating for a large group. My brother in law recommends that Max's make an effort to keep the meat fresh during preparation. 

Kudos to our waiter for helping us, even though it was busy and he was dealing with a very demanding and verbally abusive woman in the party of three next to our family's table."
Good Filipino food (served hot and fresh), good friendly service,  clean, no line if you go during the week and free underground parking. LA has made it to Vancouver! :)
So happy they brought Max's to Vancouver! Tastes just how my mom makes it. It is always full and busy so maybe make a reservation first.
I've been to max 2 times and both those experiences were great! Although the service is really slow the food is amazing! I always get Calamari, Pancit Palabok and Halo halo.
"I rarely have filipino food but today was different,

Had a family dinner here and I will say that I was impressed.

We had the following:

Lumpiang Shanghai
- crispy and delicious. I would have liked it more if the ends were closed as opposed to a long roll, sliced with exposed ends but still yummy.
 
Crispy Pata
- This was amazing. Crispy pork skin, tender meat. Very flavourful. There's nothing more to say about this than ORDER IT.

Kare-Kare
- rich and creamy. I wasn't crazy about this at first but when I mixed in some of the shrimp paste they put on the side, it got a whole lot better. The saltiness of the shrimp paste added a lot to the dish. The meat needed to be a little more tender though.

Spicy Laing Tilapia
- I would ordinarily never order this but my brother did and I was pleasantly surprised. It was so tender and creamy and just plain tasty.

Lechon Kawali
- Tender marinated meat. Juicy and flavourful. I love the crispy bits of skin. Another winner.

Halo-halo
- I don't have this often but every time I do, I remember why I like this so much. It's not a decadent dessert by any stretch. It's refreshing and light and has a lot of different flavours and textures. This is quite large. 4 of us shared this.

Leche Flan
- My brother loves this but he found it to be too creamy. He prefers it a little eggier which gives it more stiffness. I prefer the creamier variety but I also would have liked this to be less sweet. If I wasn't having a spoonful of halo-halo in between bites, I would have stopped eating it.

All in all, an excellent experience. The service was decent. They got our drinks quickly, offered refills, were very knowledgeable about all the dishes and even offered us advice in how to eat some of the dishes and about how people have different preferences with the condiments that go with each one.

Food came out fast for the most part. The last dish (Lechon Kawali) came out 20 minutes after the previous one and we were all pretty close to being done and full.

We were seated in a high-traffic area where, if you're not paying attention, food runners coming out of the kitchen could easily run you over.

We'll definitely be back."
We always go to maxs whenever we goto metrotown for shopping. We dont always shop but we.do.eat out often. I have to say that my child enjoys it there. it is clean. they have a separate space to wash your hands that is distinctive of the original place they had in QC. the washrooms are always clean. no gunky smell like that of other restaurants. the crew is always welcoming. Leo and Jasper in particular were helpful. They will chat with you even if it gets a bit busy. The whole crew in general seem to be happy working there.. And they know when you are a regular customer.  The food is authentic Filipino. Try pork sisig, laing tilapia, sizzling tofu and halo halo. Other Filipino restaurants wont compare in the fried chicken category. I dont know with the recent post here. My daughter celebrated her 4th birthday there. Everything went well. She has nut allergy so they substituted the caramel bar with a scoop of ice cream for each kid. also some guests who were late still got hot food! Chikie boy came out and was gracious with the kids. the happy birthday song was loud and fabulous - there really isnt a need to do it with monroeic feeling. they do their best and thats enough for me when booking a thousand dollar party. overall my trips to maxs were pleasurable. im just glad that theyre giving Vancouverites a taste of Filipino customer service.ñ
"I happened to stumble on this Filipino restaurant when I was just driving home along Kingsway and had, well you you know, those Halo x2 cravings that had to be silenced. First impression was it didn't have your very tacky Filipino decor, I was quiete impressed that the decos was tastefully done with a few pics of its Philippine heritage. Pretty good! That it also did not smell like a greasy lechon, another point for them. Overall, food, service, ambience, you really get the bang for your $$$.  I've been since going here for more than just dessert but also for grilled items and enjoyed them with my companies.
Kudos for the management and staff for making their customers feel like it's worth coming back. Thanks so much."
"This place is decent for what it is... Clean and very friendly staff, however soft of expensive.

It definitely is a good family experience, and the halo halo is good.  With that being said, i would go back only because of the staff. However I have had way better Filipino food... Dry chicken, rubbery calamari, bland pancit."
This is their specialty, Max's Fried Chicken. You can choose from a half or whole chicken and it comes with a side of fries. It was actually quite different from other fried chickens I've had before. This one was lightly battered and it had very crispy skin. I was pleased with how moist it was inside as well. I can definitely see why this is one of their specialties! I wasn't too impressed with their sweet potato fries, though. They were pretty sad-looking and had a slightly bitter taste.
I live 5 minutes from this restaurant and each time we have our relatives coming to visiting us from out of town we usually take a trip to Max's Restaurant. The Lechon Kawali was definetly very tasty but some of the texture was dry and did not have the consistency some of my family would have liked. The fresh lumpia  was my favorite because it was crunchy on the outside and had excellent taste on the inside. The adobo was a bit too salty for me.Overall the restaurant has good food that reminds me of the Philippines and its unique dishes. They also have underground parking which is very convenient.
"* 3.25 stars*

Packed with Filipinos and line out the door -- good sign. 
Very mixed reviews on Yelp -- bad sign. 

Large place, gets kind of loud, atmosphere feels frazzled and hectic. Reminds me a lot of when I worked in Manila 5 years ago. The Philippines has always ranked pretty low in my list of countries with memorable and delicious foods. Most of my experience was with bland dishes that were too greasy, so maybe I had just not known what to order when I lived there. When fellow Yelper Cristina P wanted to come here, I had to say yes. Of course, if you know me, when there's food involved, I always say yes. More importantly, seeing as how she's Filipina, I thought it would be a good opportunity to revisit an ethnic cuisine I'd long ago dismissed. 

Having read all the reviews beforehand and setting my expectations right, I was ready. Our table of 6 was exceptionally hungry -- each of us coming together after either an active day or a long day at work, so everyone was ready to eat. I wonder if this ravenous nature colored our judgement at all. 

Lumpiang Shanghai (Egg Roll)
 -- This starter dish was devoured quickly by our hungry group but doesn't really stand out in my mind as tasty or special. There was no seasoning to speak of and quite frankly, this could easily have been mass-produced food you find in the frozen foods section of your grocery store. Load it up with sauces and you're good to go.

Pancit Canton (Egg Noodle)
 -- A bit bland for a stir-fried noodle dish, but it wasn't as oily as I remember having it in the Philippines. I think it was decent, and I would order it again, but some seasoning would be nice. 

Garlic Rice
 -- How can you go wrong? 

Max's Fried Chicken 
 -- We ordered just 1/2 because you have to try it, but all the previous reviews about its blandness were correct. Too bad because it was cooked well in terms of the crispy skin and tender meat, but just lacked any flavor whatsoever. Even dipping it into a concoction of hot sauce, banana ketchup, and Worcester sauce didn't save the dish. 

Crispy Pata (Crispy Pork Hock)
 -- This was the clear winner among my friends, but way too rich and fatty for my taste. I felt pretty gross after a couple bites, although those bites were admittedly very yummy. The crispy skin was nice, the pork was very tender, and the seasoning was good (read: probably too salty for most of you). They should be known for this dish instead of the chicken. 

Kare-Kare (Beef Peanut Stew)
 -- My personal favorite dish, especially when topped with the bagoong (shrimp paste) which we learned was house-made and could not be purchased. Perhaps not very authentic, but the beef was tender (also too fatty) and the peanut sauce was nice. It went perfectly with the garlic rice. I would order this one again for sure.  

Pinakbet (Vegetable Stew)
 -- This was a surprise winner at our table. I loved the squash and okra, and the sauce was nice. The green beans were good -- crispy instead of soggy and overcooked. 

Halo-halo
 -- Always so much fun to eat, a pretty good version of Halo-halo.  

Buko Pandan
 -- Dining companions felt this was too rich, but I liked it and especially enjoyed the mix of textures. 

Calamansi Juice (Philippine Lime) 
 -- Way too sweet, otherwise it could be such a refreshing drink. 

Would I come back? Absolutely. I was surprised at how much I liked the food given the reviews I'd read. Since most of the negative comments were about the service, the fried chicken, and the sisig, we felt good about our food choices and lucky about our service. The fried chicken that they're famous for -- bland and boring and bleh. Agreed. But there's so much else on the menu! Didn't try the sisig which was also poorly reviewed. I wasn't a fan of this bland greasy dish in the Philippines and I wasn't disappointed when hearing it was awful here and we shouldn't bother trying it. I will admit, however, every time the servers rushed by our table with a hot sizzling plate of it, the smell was deceivingly good. 

Our server (Arnold) was great, actually. The restaurant was packed and he was clearly busy but was attentive and sweet nonetheless. It took several minutes for him to initially come to our table as he was wrapping up with a few others, but it was uphill from there. 

It gets somewhere between an A-OK and a nod towards the Thumbs Up rating from me. Read all the reviews and decide for yourself -- and pay close attention to what people liked and didn't like so you know what to order when you visit."
Max's restaurant captures the taste of authentic Filipino food. You'll always crave for their crispy fried chicken. They not only serve tasty Filipino cuisine, they have my favorite desserts too, halo-halo and Buko Pandan and that tiny but yummy Caramel bar. The restaurant has a good seating capacity. Friendly staff that serves with a smile!
"I am proud of this restaurant. I am originally from the Philippines and I'm glad they are here in BC to represent our cuisine. I have been to this place several times but I just decide now to review it.

The food is great. I haven't ordered anything that I didn't like . I do like the pork barbeque, liempo and sinigang the best. I never miss ordering halo-halo, it's colorful, cold desert native in the Philippines. Try it.

The place is clean and nice. Outside is busy so don't expect any views except passing cars. The staff here is awesome! They're always busy but they always have a smile on their face, very courteous and efficiency.

I'm trying to think of anything negative to say so that I don't seem bias but it's hard. So I'll just blast the music. I'd like them to play more OPM rather than American songs. :)"
I've been a Max's fan ever since I was in the Philippines. All I can say, they brought here the best tasting fried chicken in Vancouver. Try their halo halo too, I think I've tried halo halo to most Filipino restaurants around Vancouver, Richmond, Surrey and they are by far the best for me.
"So when I was in the Philippines, we didn't get a chance to eat at a Max's there, so when I heard that there was on in Vancouver, i put it on my to-do list to visit so i could at least say I tried it! 

Let me tell you, I felt like I was literally back in the Philippines.......because of the service.... (but at least they had a nice and clean bathroom with a flushing toilet hahah). 

The restaurant itself is pretty big. Lots of seating, but the servers were pretty slow at seating people. Half of the restaurant would be empty, but still had to wait to be seated. 

We ordered the calamansi juice, garlic fried rice, lechon kawali, and shrimp rebosendo (Sp?). Overall the food was very good and not bad at all.  

Our server was nice but it was just ..... we weren't wow'd by the experience. But hey, I can at least say i tried Max's."
crispy pata was pretty tasty with the garlic rice. But it takes 20 minutes for them to make it.
"I am a food writer and restaurant critic for several international and local Vancouver publications.

Recently I tried Thomas Keller's famous Simple Roasted Chicken. It was good but the one at Max is better. Crispy skin, just the right tender moist chicken meat inside. Not salty or saucy as in Chinese cuisine. Just right, healthy and feeling good. An Asian palate might need to add more spice but I like it the way it is.  
 
Another plus, the chicken is not breaded.  This means lower calories, less bad carbs.  Max's chicken is one of the healthiest preparation with just the right taste.  Again if you are Chinese, Indian or Italian, you will find this style bland, but for a health-conscious guy, Max's chicken is perfect.

For dessert, I had Max's leche flan or custard. Superb, silky and delectable an A+. I prefer this Filipino version than Crème brûlée or the Brazilian pudim.
I would say having tasted roasted chicken all over the world, Max's is a gem - one of the best. Highly recommended!"
"I love their sisig! Sadly I have a long distance relationship with it. Sadly, Seattle is 3hours away just to get that sizzling goodness again. Let us not forget the other guilty pleasure, crispy pata. I know it is cliché, but let me say, ""extra rice!""

If you are not willing to indulge yourself too much, you may just want to get the classics. Ofcourse their fried chicken and and lumpia. It is essential that you use the banana ketchup. Yes I said ketchup. Not ""banana sauce"" as appropriated by the western marketing.

As we say. ""Sarap to the bones."""
All the food was delicious reminds me of back home in the Philippines, food was great quality and waiters were especially nice very helpful and happy, the food came pretty quick but one thing I have to say is the bathrooms are very nice but not very clean, toilet paper and paper towels everywhere it was just scattered and not clean aside from that I'd say it's a great restaurant just needs a little cleaning
"I had lunch here with my mom, sister and grandma. The hype of having a Maxs chicken died down so we decided to give it a try, since Maxs chicken in thenphilippines is so good! 

We didn't wait too long, parking around the area is kind of a pain because it's right on kings way and there's no parking lots or anything around. It's a pretty bug restaurant so probably a good place for a large occasion. 

Service was pretty good, no complaints there. Some things took a little while if we asked a server for something (like regular ketchup, because tha table comes with only traditional Filipino banana ketchup - for any of you non Filipinos reading this, it's not AS weird as it sounds... But I prefer the regular tomato ketchup.) 

Anyways, the food! So overall it wasn't too bad. We got mostly small platters of chicken and rice. Because all other things on the menu are more family style to share. Overall I'd say everything was generally pretty salty. The chicken was pretty good - but again, overall kind of salty. My mom had the halo halo and it looked really good! She finished it within minutes! 

Good place for a random craving of Filipino food, or if you're wanting to try it for the first time - Maxs chicken is a lot less intimidating than your family owned restaurants because it's more of a franchise/fast food feel type of place."
"Tasty food and good service. The only downside is that even during low hours they have their dish ready very slow. Maybe this is why some feel the service is slow. But to me the problem is more about the time they need to prepare the food not the service. 

Price is decent for the quantity they gave. That most of the people their do take-out after eating proves that.

Kare-Kare is an awesome signiture dish in Philippine cuisine. Tasty, mild, extremely creamy with peanut butter. Beef in the dish is also like meshmellow tenderness."
"My first thought upon walking in ... wow ... they still have their Christmas stuff up! 

They had a coupon in the newspaper. Order $25 worth of food and get a free deep fried seafood dish. People have been telling me that eating the chicken here is a MUST. So that was one of the dishes I ordered tonight. I don't know ... maybe the chicken we were served had been sitting under the heating lamps and forgotten about all day? It was puny (is that how you spell pew-nee?) and DRY as heck!! I needed a ton of the Banana Ketchup to get it down my esophagus. 

I absolutely LOVED the surface area of the tables. VERY VERY roomy. It could give a double size bed some competition haha. It was weird to see people waiting for tables when half of the tables (seriously ... half!!) were still dirty and had cups and dishes and food bits all over it. I think they are very under staffed. And very unorganized. 

When the dishes started coming out ... again ... in no specific order ... entrees came out before appetizers, we were not given dishes or water, we had to remind them to get our rice ... really weird service. However ... they were all VERY sweet and VERY nice! They did everything we asked with a smile.

We ordered a deep fried pork hock ... omg ... if you like crispy skin ... this was AMAZING!! The star of the show was the Halo Halo dessert. This is a MUST try. If we come here again I will order this over the chicken ... actually ... I'm sure we would NOT order the chicken again. 

Another thing I noticed is ... there are not a lot of vegetable dishes on the menu. 

Overall ... we are full and had leftovers to take home ... buuuuuuut ..."
"I've never been to a Max's in the Philippines but heard the chicken is the bomb.  Fried chicken without a crispy batter usually means dried out chicken, so I wasn't expecting it to be all that good.  I was actually surprised.  It was flavorful, moist and crispy and had a hint of smokiness, like bacon.  Pretty good, but pricey.  $15 for a whole small chicken with a garnish of yam fries.  Also had the following:

Pancit Bihon - I didn't try it but my husband ate the whole plate and he doesn't eat pancit that much

Pancit Palabok - sauce was okay but needed more shrimp.

Bulalo - broth was bland and the cabbage was almost raw.  Not much beef.

Lumpiang shanghai - it was served in a deep fried lumpia wrapper bowl.  It was okay but it had some flavoring that I did not recognize.

Sago at gulaman - nice and refreshing and not too sweet.  

The place just opened earlier this year so the decor is nice and bathroom (washroom) is clean.  I was quite surprised how big the dining area was.  They have a room sectioned off with glass walls so I am assuming you can have parties here.  Service was good and friendly.  

There were three of us and we had 2 sodas, pancit palabok and bihon, lumpia, bulalo and fried chicken.  The bill came out to $78.85 with tax and tip.  Expensive for three.  

It is located on Kingsway so parking is on the street.

If I lived here, I probably would come here often just for dessert but not too often for lunch or dinner."
"Came here on a Monday for lunch when I was sure it would not be too crowded. Spacious, clean, and well-lit. Great for groups and families!

The portions are pretty substantial for the price, you definitely get the bang for your buck! The Lumpia was served in it's own cute little bowl. The Pancit Canton had thicker noodles than I expected, and it tasted like there was for more oil than any other ingredients involved. The chicken was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, but seeing as it's their specialty, was a bit of a disappointment. Overall the food though good, was nothing special, I've had better elsewhere. 

On the other hand, dessert was another story. LOVED both the halo-halo & buko pandan. Both desserts were the perfect blend of sweetness and flavour - often times, restaurants flood these with sugar, but Max's had mixed it well.

Good food, good space, and will recommend - but compared to some other Filipino restaurants & good old fashioned home-cooking, Max's was nothing extraordinary. Not worth waiting in line for, but will leave you full & happy!"
This is the second time at Max's.  First time tried their famous fried chicken and thought it was ok, nothing to write home about.  This time tried their Canton Pancit.  Reminds me of Chinese noodles with a lot of soy sauce.  Also had their halo halo dessert which was delicious.  Would go back again and order that along with the other desserts.  Clean restaurant and they also have a private function room which can also be sub-divided.  Can fit 50 people each or opened up to 100 people in the private room.  Great for business presentations or extended family parties.
"I love Filipino food, but this place doesn't cut it, I come here only because it's nearby. Their ""famous Maxs chicken"" is dry, pancit canton has more veggies than the actual noodles. I like their crispy pata and pork sinigang. Though, their sinigang can have a bit more meat. Service has always been poor since the beginning. Slow, not as attentive, even when they are not busy."
"I would call Max's your Phillipines version of ""Dennys"".  It was packed with ex-pat Phillipino family's, so its got to be good.  It is clean and bright, staff was friendly.
     Well we decided to try their peanut sauce Ox-tail stew "" Kaeh Kaeh"", after reading about it in the paper.  I found it was o.k., but it is an aquired taste sort of thing. I found it bland and the side of shrimp paste which was salty..it did not improve it. We had fried fish which was good. They seem to have many of the Phillipino staples like chicken or pork adobo..which I enjoyed in the past.
      I have been to the Phillipines and found the cuisine there not super exciting. As it is often a lot of deep fried  or over cooked everthing and basic tasting. As opposed to light and spicy flavors of Thai cuisine.  
       So I probably will not come back. But if you are Phillipino. ..Well this is your home away from home. Enjoy."
"What a neat restaurant. It is definitely worth a visit.

This is a restaurant I had never heard of or even knew about until my husband's family decided to go there for dinner. It is a huge place, with more than 20 tables in their main area, and two extremely large private rooms for parties. It looks like they are used often too, because I went on a monday and one of the rooms was being used for a large birthday party. 

The environment is clean and inviting, even if it does not reflect the culture or the type of food that is served there. Their main fair is Filipino food. 

The dishes that we ordered were excellent. My husband did look on yelp and saw several reviews recommending certain dishes including Kare-Kare, crispy pata, lumpiang shanghai and more.

Personally, I liked the kare-kare. I wish the peanut sauce was thicker and richer, as it had the consistency of water. Compared to the other savory and delicious dishes I had that night, the flavours of this dish were eclipsed and forgotten. 

The crispy pata was like nothing I have ever had. The pork meat was so tender, and the skin so crispy, that I will be dreaming of eating more for the next several months.

All in all, there are really good dishes, and some pretty mediocre ones. I would recommend looking at the reviews and order what is recommended. We deviated with a few dishes that ended up not being as good, such as the lumpiang shanghai. 

The service is average at best. They consistently forgot to bring refills of drinks, and did the bare minimum. 

If you are like me and tend to gravitate to what is familiar when eating out, I do recommend taking a trip out to Max's and trying something different. Just don't expect the amazing service."
"So, we ended up coming back for food again!  

I would have initially given 4 stars for this visit around. 

Food was excellent - we had the crispy pork signing (absolutely delicious - came out on a sizzling hot plate), salmon sinigang (nice and sour, but the salmon had too many bones and stuff that i didn't like in it), garlic fried rice (so good, but note to self, order a small instead, a large was way too big for 2 people, ~5 scoops of rice). For dessert, my hubby got a really cute mini leche flan, and i got the buko pandan. 

My gripe that i have though (which is why i didn't give another star), is that the owners of the establishment need to hire more servers or learn how to better staff their restaurant during the busy times. There were only 2 or 3 servers out there that had to seat people, clean tables, and do waiter/waitress duties. There weren't enough people to bus the tables so that they can seat all the people that were coming in, and it was really hard for them to focus on really serving their tables. There was an entire room that had dirty dishes that were not taken away! I felt super bad for one of the workers, she was telling us that she was so tired because the restaurant was busy since 11am, and we were there around 3-4pm, didn't eat and leave till around 5. The servers weren't able to even take a break or take a lunch! Hence, I became more disappointed in the owners rather than the servers."
"Every time we visit a city with Max's we ALwAYs have to eat there.

Must try:

Milk fish sisig
Crispy pata
Lecheon kawali
Pork or shrimp sinigang 
Halo halo 

I've had their pinakbet, fried chicken, beef sinigang, pancit and it was only okay for me.nothing special"
"I've been at this place a few times and I've been satisfied with most of the food I've had. When I did the Vlog visit with my family the food was good and the service was quick. You do need to line up specially on a Sunday because it gets quite busy. There is brand recognition since this is a franchise from the Philippines and for North Americans the food here is ""friendly"". Having said that, I was disappointed by the dish I ordered the last time I was here. Ordered the Bicol Express which is typically a coconut based pork stew. What I got instead was grilled pork with the coconut stew poured over like sauce. The food is good but not the most authentic Filipino food out there.

Here's my Vlog from my last visit 

https://youtu.be/tAhdDmDRBJ0"
"I've been in this multicultural city all my life and never stepped into a Filipino restaurant before.   We had a coupon from the coupon book so thought that we would give this a try on a sunday evening.

The customer service here was actually impeccable.  The hostess was friendly and the waiters were very respectful.  It was super busy and a little loud but no real complaints.

The food was decent.  I believe Max's is known for their chicken and the chicken I had did not disappoint.  There was nothing that was outstanding however and when you are on the west coast with all this competition from all the Asian restaurants, this place may fall behind.  I would come here again to try other dishes."
"Having been to Max's a few times now I'm quite familiar with their service, cuisine and the general restaurant atmosphere.

Location/Service

The location is not bad, it's quite close to where I live so I have no problems getting there. However if you do plan on driving there, finding parking may be a bit of a hassle. There's some street parking and you can park on inner streets, but no parking lot. It's right on Kingsway so it's quite easy to find. 

Every time I've been here I've had to wait regardless of whether or not I've made a reservation. The servers are extremely friendly and the long waits may just be that they are consistently understaffed, but having to wait 10-15 minutes even if you've made a reservation is unacceptable in my books. 

Food/Drinks

The Lumpiang Shangai is a nice dish to start with. It's basically a spring roll but with a hint of curry. No complaints there, but it's nothing special. 

Although Max's famous dish is their fried chicken, it's personally one of my least favourite dishes. I find the chicken, although crispy is quite bland. There is no flavour, spices, or even salt on the chicken, and there aren't nearly enough yam fries on the side for my liking. The Crispy Pata (fried pork hock) on the other hand is delicious. With a crispy outer skin reminiscent of Chinese barbeque pork and tender juicy pork inside with a tasty vinegary sauce on the side, the fried pork leg is a must try. 

I also highly recommend the Daing na Bangus (marinated milkfish). This is one of my favourite dishes. The fish is deep-fried in a delicious savoury batter and comes with a side of tangy sauce. 

Be sure to order the garlic rice with anything. I'm generally not a fan of rice, but the flavours in this rice are very tasty and extremely garlicky, making a great accompaniment to dishes such as the Pinatuyoung Adobo (marinated braised pork adobo) or the Pinkabet (vegetable stew with a seafood flavour). 

Don't forget to leave room for some dessert because you can't leave without trying the Halo Halo. This dessert is pretty much the Filipino version of Taiwanese shaved ice, but it's topped with yam ice cream, jack fruit, sweet beans, sugar and rice flakes. 

The Buko Pandan is also another option, but it's extremely milky, thick and sweet. If it was served a bit colder I may have liked it better but I much prefer the Halo Halo. 

Pricing

Max's Chicken is a relatively average priced restaurant. It's good value for your money, not too expensive with the cheapest main dish starting at about $8.99.  You definitely won't break the bank at Max's Chicken.

I would definitely go back to Max's again, especially for the milkfish and the pork. I was extremely disappointed with the chicken however and would probably never order it again. Max's Chicken is a good, casual family-style restaurant with spacious seating and a solid menu."
"We used to live in the area and I always hoped they'd open an above average Filipino  
restaurant. Just before we moved we noticed Max's Chicken. All the hype had long lines waiting outside. Our first visit was only a week after they opened and there was over an hour wait. I liked it for the fact that it was new, so everything was clean and modern. The food was okay, smaller portions and they charge more than other Filipino restaurants. The chicken was crispy but I'd say it wasn't anything orgasmic. Pinakbet had a lot of shrimp paste on it, something I'm not a fan of. My boyfriend really liked the calamari though. Since then we've attempted to go again but saw the lines and decided elsewhere. One time I was disappointed to find out they don't have Filipino bbq!?!? So I didn't bother staying. I wouldn't mind going here again but not anytime soon."
It might've been because I'm filipino, or it might've been because i was hungry but shit what's with all the bad rap, you guys? Its not THAT bad. Yeah its pretty mediocre, but even I thought their chicken was tasty. But that's about it, mind you --- just the chicken. I didn't exactly favour anything else here (and it was crispy not fried) a lot of it I've had better some place else... Its a solid three, nice and spacey and kinda tasty but really nothing to write home about
I gave this a 3 stars because our server, marissa, was great. if it wasn't for her, it would have been 1 star. on the website, it says open on sundays at 9 am. we were there at 9:30am on a sunday and they were not open yet. we drove all the way from seattle to try this restaurant. the food was ok. but the buko pandan is gotta have it.
"It's not like home, but it's still really good.

Since I've been to Max's in the Philippines, I was hesitant to come here. Did I want to taint awesome memories? Did I really want to wonder why I am paying dollars instead of pesos? My friends wanted to have dinner here, so I finally agreed because it's just up the street from our place. 

For a really empty restaurant, we sure waited a long time at the door. This isn't a club, I can see it's empty. No need to build up excitement... I'm here and I wanna eat now. After waiting over ten minutes, we were finally sitting at one of the empty tables I had been staring at. I just wanna eat... please let me eat. 

Huge menu, but I know what I want: Crispy pata and Lumpia. Go and get these two dishes. I didn't need rice because a) I didn't really want it and b) when I did want it, my husband had a huge mound left when he was finished his chicken dinner. I'm gonna say something people might not agree with: they make their lumpia the lazy way. Okay, there I said it... They make long tubes and cut it to lumpia size (four inch tubes)  and then deep fry it... at least that's how it looks. They might just take the wrapper and  leave the meat exposed. My mom will fold the edges in so the meat it wrapped in the wrapper... I'm not saying it's bad... I told you to get them... I'm just saying that it's not like my mom's. I could eat way more than what they give me though. It's a big serving, but then you say stuff like ""Sure honey, I'll share them with you"" and then you instantly regret it when you see them and start stuffing them in your mouth. Yummy yummy ground pork and almost non-existent veggies. Just the way I love you.

The crispy pata is a pork shin that is boiled to cook it through and then deep fried. Wow. Dip it in vinegar. Forget whatever sauce they give you and ask for white vinegar. Better yet, take it home and dip it in spicy vinegar. I somehow manage to have pork every day... at least one meal has pork in it. This crispy pata will yield a whole other serving if you just eat the crisp, deep fried skin and take the actual meat home. I ate it for lunch the next day. 

While it took us a while to sit, I was really happy with the service. They brought our drinks fast (they have Dark Horse beer if anyone's interested) and came back and check on us plenty. I got like a litre of cola to wash this all down. It felt right. It was fountain and I was okay with that."
Honestly think their halo Halo is better than one at Pin Pin. Decent place. Place is clean and very friendly and informative staff.
food was really good. their palabok taste delicious and their fried chicken was delicious as well as their noodle dish called pancit canton. for dessert we had halo halo which was a generous serving enough for 2 people. the service was good, everyone was really friendly !
Service wise it's really good! Staff are really nice and attentive. Food wise it's okay. I think other Filipino restaurants are better. Their sisig is missing flavour. I'm not sure what it is but, it's missing something. The chicken which they are really famous for is not so great. A bit dry. The place is very appealing compare to other Filipino restaurants, because it big and clean. I like the interior designs. And best part about it, you don't smell like food after. haha!
We were in Vancouver for a couple of days and was craving for authentic Filipino food, this is the place to go. Great food and great service! Thanks to Sheila our server who was always smiling and very accomodating!
First time having Philippine food. So I'm not too sure if it's authentic here or not. But it tastes very similar to Chinese cuisine to me. I ordered the Pandit Palabok, it was a little on the bland side and wasn't saucy. If it had a but more flavour in it, I would have enjoyed it much more. Definitely a place I would come back to try out there other dishes. Especially want to try out the halo halo dessert ! It looks so good.
Just finished eating here for the first time. Not a good sign when I just sat down, a couple in the next table was just leaving with only eaten half of the food they ordered. I went with the fried chicken which was not bad. My main issue was how expensive the it was for the quality that was on par with a fast food restaurant. It was 11 bucks for half chicken that came with small 5 pieces of sweet potatoe fries. I opted out on ordering more for 2.50. Honestly Church's chicken is better and that's not saying alot. Then I ordered Halo Halo which the main reason I ate here in the first place. I always wanted to try this dessert after seeing it on one of Bourdain's episodes ( R.I.P Mr. Bourdain ) I don't know how they make it in the Philippines, but this was 90% ice, the tiniest scoop of ice cream ( I mean almost a sample size you test taste at a ice cream store) red bean and jello I think for 7 bucks. All in all, I will not be eating here again.
"Without any point of reference, it's pretty good Filipino food.  After passing by and seeing daily lineups form outside this restaurant, my wife & I decided to check it out for ourselves back in late April 2012.  Apologies for the late review.

Despite being a 'soft-opening' (only 5-8PM until May), the restaurant had appeared to have strong word-of-mouth behind it; many of the crowd were families and large groups.

The fried chicken is clearly the star of the show and for good measure: with some sweetness to the recipe, it comes off with a better taste than the more 'doughy/breaded' KFC or Churches Chicken variants.  They split the body into four pieces, so you get a good handful of each white/dark meat (wings, breast, legs), all pretty juicy and not dried out like so many other fried chicken joints.  Order the whole chicken, it's more worth it than the 1/2 order: it was good to share between two people, but one could split it amongst four people if they just want to taste and have other items.  In the end, we prefer the sweet garlic beauty that is the Pnom Penh chicken wings, but then again this is not the same cuisine.

Most other tables were ordering a tri-coloured red/white/pearl coloured drink which we would assume is Calamansi (filipino lime juice).  We didn't, opting for some other fruit juice instead but wished we tried.

The other pork noodle dish (Pancit palabok) we ordered was forgettable -- the noodles were a little bland, and the sauce didn't wow us.  We _were_ interested in a few of the other dishes like the big bone marrow one I kept seeing people order, but didn't have room to try.  We'll pick another trip to try it out, perhaps with friends.

Regarding the other tangible restaurant experiences: Washrooms are clean and modern, a noticeable departure from typical Asian restaurants. Our waiter was friendly, considering the level of activity around the restaurant.  We commented on how patient they were in answering questions and describing the menu.

Months later, the restaurant still has a healthy flow of local filipinos coming (particularly families and groups of teens).  I know because walk pass by almost every weekday around dinnertime after work.  For now, I would recommend people to try it for the chicken."
"Service: Impeccable. The servers, and the hosts lived up to the ""Filipino"" way of serving....they greeted my parents and spoke to them in Tagalog. It felt like we were back home again. They were very polite, sincere, and light-hearted --- representing the Filipinos well. Plus, they sing their own version of ""Happy Birthday"" to you, without even checking your ID because they know it'd make you smile. Apparently, ""what's a scoop of ice cream, and 30 seconds of singing when we know our guests would be happy"". Great answer.

Also, I heard that it takes awhile to actually get a seat...we went right after 2 pm and it was okay. Apparently and unsurprisingly, their busiest times are Fri/Sat nights, and Sunday morning/lunch hour.

Food: I didn't expect it to be the same quality as the one in the Philippines (ingredients, everything is just not the same!), but it felt pretty close to home. The chicken was delicious and best paired with the Jufran banana sauce they have. The garlic rice complemented the fried chicken. I had leche flan after as well, and it was very sweet, just how I like it.

Ambience: Again, very similar to the Philippines' Max's. Very casual and family-friendly---perfect for those ""reunions"", birthdays, and even just a Sunday lunch. 

Value: The chicken was a bit small, but it fed the four of us. With 5 cups of rice, a whole chicken, 2 leche flans, mango juice, and pop for four....it was only $44! Plus, we were legit full.

Yes, I do recommend. Give it a try, apple pie ;)"
"Had the Chicken Adobo and it was really good.
Wanted the fried chicken , asked it there were any side to get with it as I didn't want just a big hunk of meat for lunch but was told they didn't do sides. Came home and checked the online menu and there seems to be several options I could have had. Will give it another try."
Came by here for desserts. Ordered three halo halo n also the cup of ice cream with coconut / tapioca. Quite different. Worth trying it But not something which I will want to go back n have again and again
I love me a good Filipino restaurant! I haven't ever tried Max's in Vancouver, but I have to say, my experience was really good! We had to wait for a bit, but it was a given, since it has been known to get busy as as it is quite popular in the Filipino community. We ordered sinigang, spicy tofu, half chicken, and sisig. Everything was so yummy! But my favourite was the tofu -- it is a must try if you've never had it before! It's both crispy, flavourful, creamy and spicy! My mouth is watering just thinking about it again. Overall a great place to enjoy food and good company.
"I haven't been to a Max's restaurant in the Philippines for 4 years now so I can't compare but I'm definitely not complaining about the food here! Very flavourful, I've had the chicken (of course), fresh lumpia ubod, lechon kawali and leche flan. All are very delicious dishes, tastes very homemade to me - this is the only place I'll eat lechon kawali now other than my dad's. Made fresh, very crispy outside but super tender inside.

Staff are friendly, but be prepared to line up! I've taken advantage of the take-out counter instead and my boyfriend and I will just go home to eat it. If you do take out, you can leave your number and they'll give you a call when it's ready. I asked Marian, the lady who takes care of the take out counter if they'll have extended hours soon and she said that hopefully they will be ready for it next month. I hope so too, hopefully it'll help with the traffic!"
"This restaurant is a hit and miss for me. The chicken is supposed to be their main dish but I don't like it at all! It's very bland. I've tried several dishes from Max's in this location and in the Philippines, but I just don't understand what the ""buzz"" is all about. To me, it is just like a McDonalds restaurant. I could eat them but not restaurant worthy in my books.

On the other hand, their desserts are pretty good."
"The boys, my brother and I came here last year looking for decent Filipino style fried chicken, crispy pata and other favourites.  Apparently, they have underground parking as well as on the street, but we were too hungry to notice...

We started with buko(young coconut) juice with green apple jelly.  I think they added extra cane sugar syrup since it was a lot sweeter than what we were used to.  My son loved his mango juice!

Max's signature fried chicken: perfectly seasoned, juicy, and finger licking' good!

Crispy pata:  very fresh, crispy and tender.  

Garlic rice:  fairly tasty, but PinPin Restaurant kicks up their garlic rice another notch.

Chicken sisig:  this dish paled in comparison to the pata and fried chicken.  The sizzling platter of chicken looked a bit insipid (no colour or flavour) and you couldn't see or taste any chicken livers there (either that or they were overcooked and mashed up with everything else). 

Halo Halo:  my hubby didn't want to share this with me, but I managed to taste it anyway.  It was a refreshing dessert with fruit preserves, red beans, coconut milk, and ube (purple yam) ice cream.  Yum!!"
"While visiting Vancouver from Toronto, my girlfriend and I decided to visit Max's as we frequent the one in Toronto!

Upon our arrival we waited at the front door for close to 4-5 minutes as there was nobody there at the ""please wait to be seated stand""  there were only 2 other families in this large place.  After finally being seated we were offered water and asked if our server could place our drink orders. 

Once our orders were placed the speed of service picked up a little bit. We ordered the Filipino spaghetti, pork adobo with 2 sides of garlic rice, and a half chicken dinner. The one thing we noticed is that the portion sizes and food quality is bigger and better in Vancouver Vs Toronto. 

The restaurant really started filling up as we were finishing up our dinner but the service did get better as it seemed more staff were arriving for there shifts. 

All in all. 4 star rating due to the poor reception but the amazing food. Next time we are in Vancouver we will be back!"
Not outstanding, but solid. The pork sisig I ordered was slightly burnt, and could have used some pork jowls, or ears to improve the texture. Other than that, nothing to complain about. Service was quick, food was good, price was reasonable.
Service is hit and miss but food has been good, not always consistent but we have enjoyed the roast pork hock, fried fish and their garlic rice. Make reservations because the place is always packed and you still have to wait even with resos. You know it's good and authentic when everyone around you is speaking Tagalog.
Glad my friend showed this to me when I went to Vancouver,BC. Now I go here every time I'm around. I always always bring more friends to check this out haha! Would recommend !
Another restaurant from my home land....one of the place i go when i really missing my moms cooking...small place and sometimes server thinks they own the place...there were few times that we had unpleasant experience...a not so friendly service....small place free parking at the rear,noise level moderate,accepting card/cash....im a good cook too so i would say some of the dishes are just ordinary but some are really good...reasonable price...clean place...if you wanna try authentic filipino cuisine visit this place..
"I have been here about four times over the last two years, I still have lots of dishes to try out but we always get the Braised ribs & grilled squid.
I only wish the staff were more helpful and knowledgeable about the dishes.
We're pretty adventurous eaters and always ask for a recommendation and its always a bit like pulling teeth to get any information from the servers. If you're Filipino or know about all the dishes this isn't an issue but for some one new to Filipino food its a little frustrating.
But please give this place a try because the dishes we have had have been well prepared and very tasty."
"My experience with Filipino food is not too grand, but I've loved lumpia ever since mt friend introduced me to it years ago.  I went into Pinpin and ordered a couple Lumpia appz before a game,  I also noticed from the reviews that their flan was suppose to be really good so I added that on well.

I'll have to get back in and try more items, but for now, I can only vouch for their lumpia.  It was plentiful and tasty, two orders is plenty to cover a meal for two people if it needed to.  I believe you get something like 12 pieces to an order and two dipping sauces...and at under $5 for each it's a deal.  The flan was spot on, being raised in Los Angeles, I grew up on flan, so it was a taste of home when it had the perfect texture and creaminess.  Almost like an inverted creme brule."
5 stars just for the leche flan alone... so creamy so yummy! I think pinpin has the best flan compared to Kumare and Max's. One of my favourite dishes is the Sisig. For those who are not familiar  its crispy chopped pork on a sizzling plate marinated in soy sauce, pepper, bay leaf, red or green chili and lemon. It is a famous appetizers for beer drinkers in the Philippines. I personally don't like beer so I eat my sisig with rice. It's delicious but watch out it's high in cholesterol. Haha! I guess you can have this as a treat
This is the best filipino food I've had!  But don't take my word for it.  Just look at how busy the place is.  The place was packed with filipinos.  We ordered the kare-kare, fried pig's feet, buco pandan, lumpia, leche flan, casava cake and calimansi juice.  All were delicious.  My favority though was the kare-kare - it was fall-off-the-bone good.  The pig's feet was such a large portion we had to take some home.  My mouth waters just remembering this food.  The only  downside is that we have to travel 3 hours north from Seattle just to enjoy the food.
Best filipino restaurant in the greater vancouver area!! Love their sisig, barbeque combo and sinigang na baboy! Leche flan and buko sherbet are great desserts too! Love it!
"My favourite filipino restaurant. I've probably tried everything in the menu and they're all stellar to me.  Lately, I've been having the java rice with pork bbq skewers.  My favourite part of the combo is the atsara (pickled green papaya).  I can never get enough of it.

The bad:  I hate lineups."
"Probably my first time trying Filipino food. I like it. Their BBQ style foods are very special and delicious. Desserts look very colorful, haha. I hope they can offer small size dishes for people like me who usually eat alone. 
Lumpia Sariwa is a very special dish. I had never had such food before. You can get both sweetness and saltyness in this dish. Various veggies wrapped crepe. Every bite gives you a twist of flavor from every thing. 
The lady who looks like a philippino sat next to me also told me that this is a very good restaurant. Service is fast and friendly"
If you're looking for a Filipino spot in Vancouver, BC,  this is the place.   The food is excellent and the serving portion is larger than average.  Palabok is okay but the crispy pata is to die for.  This will be my Filipino spot from now on.  Fresh lumpia you can't skip. Enjoy
"Tastes like home. 
Love me some kare kare and palabok. 
Long wait during dinner time and the service is quite slow, but the wait is worth it."
One of the best Filipino restaurant in Vancouver, the taste is spot on and the traditional bbq pork is the best!!
Dont know what to not like about this place. I love their rice(they have yellow rice! ), sigsig and buko pandan sherbet. This place always satisfies my craving for south east asian food. Just remember, they close every monday! If you happened to forget, try the chinese restaurant (ho yuen kee) opposite!
"One of the best Filipino restaurants in Vancouver. For starters we had the fresh lumpia which is chock-full of vegetables and smothered with sauce.  We also had the karekare with oxtail which taste real good with lots of veggies and even some banana blossom in it.  the pancit Miki bihon came to the table piping hot and taste good. What can I say pancit is pancit. Most filipinos know how to make it. The crispy Pata was an enormous dish but was so good with its vinegar garlic dip...needless to say we ordered too much for 4 people and had lots of leftovers but enjoyed eating all of it for 2 days

The service was great. Very informative and attentive"
"Waddup my fellow Filipinos and half Filipinos, and Filipinos that are too dark that they look black (Im talking to you Apl from BEP)... 

Are you in your late 20s and tired of living with your parents? 

Did you just recently move out with your white girlfriend? (no racial) 

Do you wanna impress your girlfriend with some exotic sexiness?

Do you miss your Mom or Dads cooking? 

Then look no more! Head down to Pin Pin to get your ""motherland"" fix!!

To me, This place is pretty much how my Parents cook. Growing up i've learned to master Filipino Cuisine by watching my father thru out the years. And now being a chef myself and having a family of my own Ive continued to carry out my Dad's cooking techniques, not as good as his but close enough.

Also being a cook i get tired and lazy sometimes. that's where Pin Pin comes in! 

Some of my favorite dishes to get is:
 -Crispy Pata (crispy pork, w/ very tender meat with Spicy sauce) 

-Pork Sisig (crispy chop pork with onions and chilli on a sizzling plate) A must have!

-Bicol express- Pork cooked in rich coconut sauce

Lechon Kawali- crispy chopped pork belly served with spicy soy sauce

{Wow can u tell i love pork? damn no wonder I'm fat.... :(}

Java RIce- yellow colored rice... meh

Pork and chicken skewers.... and the list goes on...

anyhoo those are the just a few items they got!

Prices are cheap, the people are nice, and its a great place for a first date.. 

P.S. make sure u bring an extra sweater or shirt or else you will take the smell with you (Ulam) to your next destination..  u know what i'm talking about! .."
This place is amazing! It's a bit of a long drive for us but it's always a treat when we get to go. It does get busy, and the wait can be long so be prepared. We had to wait for around 30 minutes at 3 pm on a Sunday night, but it's so worth it. Everything we've tried has been amazing, but the kare kare, lechon kawali and halo halo are must haves!
"Great food, but for the portion size of every dish, I personally thought it was a little bit more expensive than I expected it to be. But yes, you save a ton of time from cooking, and you get to taste classic Filipino dishes.

I ate here with my family on Mother's Day, so naturally, the place was crowded and we had to wait maybe 15 minutes before our table of 10 was ready. The place is pretty small, so I hope they will eventually be able to get a bigger space. The last time I came here with my family was about 9 years ago, and while it has a lot more customers now, it's not as well-maintained as it was before. They didn't bring all the dishes out at once; every few minutes or so they brought out a new dish, which I guess is better than having to wait for everything to come out while some dishes were getting cold. 

As for the food, I didn't have any complaints other than the portion, and that the Lechon Kawali was a bit on the overcooked/hard and chewy side, but all the food still tasted good. I didn't grow up in the Philippines, so clearly my siblings and I didn't love and appreciate the food as much as my parents did; they couldn't get enough, but still love them Filipino food, though lol. 

Great place to eat occasionally, especially if you're craving Filipino food or want to try it."
"If you're craving for Filipino food this is the place to go in Vancouver. You will not be disappointed. Must tries: kare-kare or seafood kare-kare (if don't eat meat), pansit miki bihon, lechon, crispy pata. If you want to entertain your non-Filipino friends this place will not disappoint. 

I was here today and we complained about the 'spoiled' smell on our  garlic rice.They happily take it off our table and asked if we want plain rice instead. 

This is my first 5-star review."
"My sister insisted that I go to Pinpin if I'm ever in Vancity. So when my family and I were in Vancouver last weekend, we decided to go. 

It was a Sunday night so I thought it wouldn't be too bad as far as the wait was concerned. We got to Pinpin at 7pm and there were a TON of people waiting. Their waiting area was full. My kid and I were waiting in the mali entry vestibule while my fiancé waited outside. 

A server took our name and we waited. And waited. And waited. For 30 minutes. Which honestly wasn't too bad. 

Once we were seated, we perused the menu but I already had an idea of what I wanted to order. The server was taking our order and I wanted Kare Kare and Sisig. She tells me they have no Sisig. So i scramble and look at the menu again. I NEEDED to get my filipino food ON! I settled for the Inihaw na pusit and Pancit palabok. My fiancé ordered escabecheng tilapia. 

The Kare Kare was the first to come out and the serving was really generous! There was a lot of meat and it tasted really good. I wish they had added more eggplant. 

We waited for about 10 minutes for the escabecheng tilapia to come out. That was okay. My dad usually cooks it from scratch with real tomatoes. This one tasted like they just poured sweet and sour sauce. Still, it was tasty. 

We waited another 10-15 minutes for the Inihaw na pusit which was yummy. The Palabok was the last to come out and at the point, we were just too full. Yup. All that food for two adults and 4yo. Don't be judgin, we HONGRAY. 

Service was decent. Nothing to write home about. There was a full pitcher of water at our table so we didn't have the need to flag down a server for water. 

Our bill came out to be about $52USD including tip which I thought wasn't too bad. We took the palabok back to the hotel for breakfast the next morning and it was just okay. Jollibee Palabok tastes better according to my fiancé. 

Overall, it was a good dining experience. Just be prepared for the long ass, cramped wait or go during off peak times to avoid the wait. We will definitely be back to try the other food the have!"
My friend took me here for lunch. This is on of the best Filipino restaurants I've ever been to. The restaurant is kept clean, the food is delicious and the service is friendly. I definitely would like to come back here again next time I'm in Vancouver.
"This is the go-to restaurant for Filipino food.  I don't really know any other Filipino food in Vancouver, so this is my favorite by default.  My family is actually from the Philippines so I did grow up eating most of these dishes.  We pretty much order Sisig everytime that they actually have it.  They do run out pretty often so I am tempted to give this place 4 stars for not always having it.  However, when it is available the pork sisig alone is worth 6 stars so that averages out to 5.  The sisig here is basically like chicharron.  I think the traditional sisig is pigs ears, which I don't think this one is.  If you do not like salty, greasy fried things, do not order this, it will just make you mad at me.  Other good dishes include, lechon kawali and anything bbq'd.

You will probably spend about $10-18 per person and should be nicely full.  There is parking at the back so that is not a problem."
Came on a Sunday afternoon and the wait was longer than expected.  (Think there was a private event in one of the rooms.) The wait was worth it -- big portions for both individual meals and dishes served family-style. Taste was authentic and not too greasy like some Filipino restaurants tend to be.
"dear pin pin.

when i moved to vancouver from san francisco, someone who knew me quite well made a really smarmy comment - ""good luck finding good filipino food out there.""

on my second week here in vancouver, i found you on yelp.  thank you yelp.  and thank you pin pin.  

thank you because now i can call my smarmy little friend and rub her smarmy little face in one of your delicious, meaty, brothy dishes.

thank you for keeping alive the filipino tradition that states ""we will eat meat"".

i heart you.  (giggle)

love,
me"
One of my few favorite Filipino restaurants. They've renovated so the ambiance looks more appealing. The servers are usually quick to seat you or at least acknowledge your presence.  They can get fairly busy but what I like is you see the servers and everyone else move quickly. The quality of food tastes as good as home cooked meals, presentation of food is appetizing. Our usual dishes include Lumpis Sariwa, Lugaw, Pinakbet, Sisig, Lechon Kawali, Kare Kare and their noodles are great too! I recommend this restaurant for sure.
The food is excellent. The staff are friendly and helpful but when the place is jam packed, service times can be compromised, and if you are waiting to be seated or served, you should bring an extra serving of patience and humor to see you through the gastronomic experience. Maybe it is best for the restaurant to widen the space and have extra help during those times proven to have a heavy load of customers
"We trekked to Pinpin on Fraser for a lovely meal. Us Filipino newbies were treated to some fine cuisine. The noodles and meat dishes all tickled our fancy.

The pan grilled, diced squid was a particular hit with us for its rich flavour and tanginess.

I was not enthralled with the soup only because it is traditionally a tad sour and I have a fierce grudge against sour soups.

For desert we had some flan and cassava cake. Both were quite good. I liked the cassava's texture and coconut-like taste.

It was a good meal and I look forward to returning, especially trying more of the grilled meat offerings."
This is as close as one pinoy can get to eating Filipino food like you're actually in the Philippines...don't forget to order the Java rice. Great spot in the Vancouver area. reasonable prices, wonderful service. If you're in the Pacific Northwest and have time to see Vancouver, try this Filipino Restaurant.
Regularly came here with my sister. Food were fine especially the sisig and of course tastes like the typical Filipino food. but I wish they could have put more kinds of dishes in there like giniling, chicken adobo, and such. Prices were okay.
"This review is really only for two things: one, they have java rice. That alone is noteworthy. But really, the big thing is their leche flan is amazing. The only leche flan that's better than theirs is the kind my lola makes.

Everything else? Eh. But better than Josephine's."
I agree with Ms. Estella P from Seattle. I wanted to have Filipino food while visiting Vancouver so I thought of going back to Pin Pin and brought my extended family on this trip. We were first served with crispy pata and lechon kawali (talk about major pig feast). Then came the ensaladang talong which was perfect to tone down the fats. We were doing okay with the three dishes so far. Then came the sisig. My sis-in-law and I had our first try and OMG, it was really just chopped up chicharon. Super nakakaumay! I was looking around at the other tables and the tables immediately around us ordered the sisig too and I saw them all to be hardly eaten. That means that dish is not a hit and they should change it. We also tried their puto bumbong (which was okay) and Halo-halo. The halo-halo was overpriced. Although it has a big scoop of ube ice cream, it does not have leche flan and hardly have the fruits in it so I was disappointed with it. The staff are nice so that compensated for the not so good dishes. I do wish they'd have more veggie dishes. But their best sellers are crispy pata and lechon kawali.
The name says it all. Food that gives you the feeling of a homecooked meal by Mom. Ordered their Longsilog and knew that this was going to be a place I will be ordering from often. This is THE place for Filipino comfort food. Very rarely can I say that this restaurant has made food with genuine love and care. 5 stars across the board. Thank you.
Popped up on Skip the Dishes and decided to try it out.  If your homesick for some simple Filipino comfort food this is it. We got the liempsilog and longsilog with a side of slated egg and tomato. The portions were generous and delicious. The liempo is one of the tastiest I've had since I left the Philippines. The garlic rice was just the way I like it, garlicky and moist, not Dru and over fried. I'm definitely putting this place on my top 10 go to for delivery list.
Found this gem through Instagram. Nanay's Kitchen is truly good Filipino comfort food! Their photos on instagram are truly what you see is what you get. I ordered Palabok and Gulaman very easily on their website and got a tracking number that I could follow on Shop app. The food was packaged well for transit and I got free delivery to Richmond. The flavors are authentic! I love palabok and theirs satisfied my cravings! The palabok also included calamansi, the real deal, and enhanced the flavors (think Ratatouille, when the food critic was amazed)! Although the delivery was a few minutes late, their driver got a bit lost, they communicated that with me via email and it was worth the wait! I can't recommend this place enough! If you've never had authentic Filipino food, this is a must try! Can't wait to try more from their menu!
"Having been my only filipino food experience, i didn't know what to expect but I did leave with the impression that the food is quite fatty and heavy. Of all the dishes we ordered, the favourite of mine was definitely the pork skewer that had a sticky and sweet bbq sauce glazed atop of it. I also enjoyed the panict bihon's flavours and the filling in the spring rolls. I didn't like the pork sisig as much because i could only stand a few bites and the deep fried pork belly left very little meat for me to actually eat. I did love their desserts though being a sweets person especially their hot halo halo that had tapioca, yam and fruit in a sweet coconut milk. 

Overall, I would like to try more filipino cuisine but there are only select dishes for me since i have no desire for really fatty foods."
Kumare strikes you as just another Filipino restaurant with some casual fanfare. But every once in a while, first impression changes to excitement, shock and eventually leads to lasting, feel-good state. Such is the case with this restaurant. We ordered the pancit palabok (noodles), the lechon kawali (pork) and their dessert, turon with ice cream! All mouth-watering, all so impressive!! We would have ordered more, but we were already satisfied with our order.  Next time we visit Vancouver, we will definitely try out more from their wide array of a menu! Oh, and for to go, their ensaymadas and pastries were to die for!!
The Inihaw na Liempo was to die for. The Pork Sisig, well, you'll die of a heart attack or stroke if you don't unclog your arteries fast! I felt like I drunk a pint of fat after eating that thing. I've eaten there a few times and most of the food was good, except for one baked good that I bought already stale. No wonder it was on sale. That was the first and last time I bought from the bakery,  around 1.5 years ago.
This my first time experience trying out Filipino food.  The over experience was great.  The service is fast and the food was ggood & tasty.  However, I do find the portion and price is a bit high.
Restaurant ambiance is good and staff are good as well. For the food, the Liempo is kinda on the dry side yet the sinigang was awesome taste like what you can make at home and for the drinks sago't gulaman's are on the sweeter side. Overall, it deserve a 3.5 stars
I don't understand some of the poor reviews. I find this place decent. Staff are always happy to see you and serve you. The food is authentic Filipino. I love the Kare Kare (dish in peanut sauce). I like that they make it with beef or chicken. I love the lechon kawali ( deep fried pork belly). I love the pork barbeque. I think they have the best pork bbq compared to Pinpin or Little Ongpin. I like the fact that this is also a bakery. I live Filipino dessert specially the ube cake (purple yam cake). The only complain I have is the exhaust. This place can really improve on their exhaust system so customers don't smell like oil after dining.
The four of us had dinner there recently. Not my first time eating Filipino food. Pleasantly surprised by the clean space. Fairly modernistic and somewhat upscale for an Asian place. We thoroughly enjoyed our meals and shared everything. Prices were very reasonable. Free parking right out in front. The meals were very tasty and just as good as other Filipino places. Definitely try the BBQ skewers as an appie. We had about 4 other dishes and all very good. Try the Halo Halo for dessert. Super colourful and tasty and huge portion size for the family. Service was sketchy and the place got very loud when a huge family group showed up with a number of children.
One of two Filipino resto in Richmond! We love the pancit miki bihon and sisig. My husband also loves the hopia! Try the kare kare. Not much meat but the soup base is really tasty. Make sure to order the java rice too with chicken /pork bbq. Overall..clean and nice staff. Also grab some halo halo or leche flan for dessert if you still have a space in your tummy. You wont regret.
"One of my all time favorite Filipino restaraunt.
 
Whenever I come here, I always get the same things: pork and chicken skewers, chicken Inasal, sisig and large garlic rice and coke!

Pork and chicken skewer 3.50/per skewer
Pork was dry, but chicken was moist and juicy! I'll stick with just chicken next time, YUM!

Chicken Inasal 11.50
Not sure what happened, but previous times when ordering this, it's marinated more dark and it usually has alot of pan drippings/ sauce . The time it looked completely different and tasted different. Will try to order this again next time and see.

Pork Sisig 
Yummm, I love pork sisig, especially with the vinegar sauce that comes with the chicken Inasal. I usually ask for extra sauce upon ordering the chicken Inasal. I truly believe it taste better when u drizzle some of the chicken Inasal vinegar onto the pork sisig which goes on top of the delicious garlic rice.

Garlic Rice 
We always get a large garlic rice between two people. It's enough to bring home and have a second round. The items pair very well with garlic rice. But if you wanted other things, white rice will be best (sinigan)

Try these!"
"""What's a Kumare?"" I asked my Tagalog-speaking boyfriend.  ""Dunno,"" he shrugged back.  Google translate is similarly stumped.  

We ordered the grilled squid (inihaw na pusit) and beef karekare, with a large bowl of garlic rice.  Everything came out fairly quickly and we dug in.  

The squid was very good; I think The Boy ate about 2/3 of it.  Sad face for me!  It's marinated in something like a sweet-soy garlic sauce and stuffed with red and green peppers and onions.   The karekare was also tasty but a little heavy on oil and a little light on oxtails.  My boyfriend said that the food was not ""too westernized"" and still tasted authentic. 

Overall I was pretty happy with our meals.  The decor of the restaurant was more upscale than the cafeteria-style Filipino places that are more common.  You're not paying street-food prices here, but I think Kumare does a good job at trying to do for Filipino food what Banana Leaf has done for Malaysian food (i.e. updating it and upscaling it.).

I agree with Dru C. about the bathroom sinks; I had a temporary mindfreak moment."
Good filipino food.   Food came out fast.  I had the sisig, the dinuguan, and the tilapia.  All food was good.  Went around 3pm on a Saturday.
Great Filipino food! Pork Sisig and Pork barbecue is their best dish here. They use to serve putobumbong for dessert but they took it out of the menu, kinda upsetting!
"This might be one of the best Filipino restaurant I have ever been in Vancouver. If you ever been to Little Ongpin or Pinpin, this place is a must to go. 
The restaurant is also a small bakery but dont expect too much from their bread/cake. 

I read some reviews saying this place had bad service. However, I experienced otherwise. We got good service and the food was very good.

Ordered Pork Sisig, Crispy Pata and Bicol Express. They were AMAZING. If you consider getting the same, get those with garlic rice. Its a killer combo"
My group of 10 visiting from California enjoyed the food so much, we highly recommend this place to our kababayans.
"very slow service
decent food/ not my favorite place but edible
lots of parking
family friendly
good price for portion sizes
if i had to choose dish: spring rolls
would I go back? No"
"This restaurant deserve more than the overall review here. Seems like they have improved alot with their service. Definitely you must raise your hand to get a faster service. 

This place has good vibes with good music and delicious food. We ordered the pork sisig, crispy prata and the bicol express - accompanied by their garlic rice. Their pork sisig (sizzling hot plate pork) is really tasty and good, comes with lemon and chili on the side. Their crispy prata is sooo crispy (the pork skin) and comes with the sauce on the side that is perfect for it. Bicol express was just okay, I would probably try their Lechon or kare kare next time. 

Definitely a must try if you like filipino cuisine and you live in Richmond. I would say it is better than Little Ongpin, taste wise. Par with PinPin and Hapag."
"This visit to kumare surely an excellent one. Had a craving for filipino food and thisnplace never fails. 

Ordered the pork sisig ( sizzling pork ) crispy pata ( fried pork hock) kumare fish wish garlic sauce and kumare special rice.

Pork sisig came perfectly done and not burnt. The fried egg and chili complemented it nicely. Meat was seasoned and tasted tender and crispy.

Crispy pata was also done right. Fried to a crispy skin and juicy meat. Best part, was already shredded or meat sorta taken off the bones so you cannjust dig in. 

The fish was also done well with the garlic sauce added just before serving...making the fish not soggy. 

The rice rounded up the meal. With green mangoes on top to add a touch of finesse.

What a nice meal after a hard days work. Best part...every cost only $50 taxes all in. 

Happy eating!"
"A good looking restaurant with mediocre food. I enjoyed the atmosphere of the place as my friend says it really reminds her of the typical Filipino family style restaurant.

The decorations of the place was duked out in typical IKEA furniture. They tried atleast, and I appreciate that, so they get points for that. The layout of the resturant is what I do not like. Entering you see the kitchen and the ""barista"" table like place with the bakery goods. I don't seem to like that, but it was interesting and different. The washroom had the weirdest sink ever, you must see it, it was an eye spectacul. 

We ordered the Pork Sicsig, Chicken Pandan, Pad Thai and the Lechon Kawali. (The lechon kawali really reminded me of Cha Siu Yok) but for sure the Pandan and the Sicsig was AMAZING. I can say these were my favourite dishes of the night. All these dishes amazingly mixes well with white rice, and it made the rice taste better. The only downside is the sauce was not as special as I thought. Just a lot of oil, garlic and onions used. 

It was really really heavy in oil, but the food was sizzling hot. The food was well made, but I just dislike how the style it is made in. It could just be the origin of the style it is made, but I don't like it as much as I thought I would.

The good side is that the place is well kept, clean and tidy. Good atmosphere and a very cute waiter, who is not Filipino but very hot. :P"
If your craving or want to try Filipino dishes, this is a good restaurant for its various menu to choose from, My favourinte their is the bangus sisig, and beef karekare. They also have filipino baked breads and desserts, and oops they have this yummy cheese doughnut which they only sell on weekends, recommend to try it when you have the chance. So far for many times that I have eaten there, service was always good, stuffs were friendly, place was clean with Christian music background.
Amazing banchan selection. Kim chee is delicious, Spicy dried squid is a favorite! There were a few times they had fresh japchae. The store itself is very clean and easy to navigate. Everything was approved by my Korean MIL. :)
We spent one week in Orlando and we needed to buy some korean groceries. This place has EVERYTHING to cook korean food. Also the pre cooked stews were nice too.
"This place is a little far from me. I needed to try it because it is the only Korean Market kind of close to me and after going to Hmart in Dallas I am having withdrawls.

     Let me tell you it is no Hmart but the selection is pretty decent. They have a great variety of Korean snack among other things. They do not have a cafeteria or anything but they do sell some prepared food like tteokbokki, kimchi pancakes, and a few others. 

    They have a nice, extensive selection of Korean and other oriental snacks. I went crazy buying all kinds of snack such as choco pie, different kind of peppero, different types of chips, a set to make chocolate among other things.

    They also have a very wide variety of packaged noodles and cup noodles. They also sell prepared Korean side dishes and box mixture to make Hotteok(which I'm dying to try).

   They also sell facial products, kitchen items, blankets, sandals, and more. The prices are decent and the staff is polite. I will definitely go back and try some of the prepared food, buy more snacks and try different products."
Incredibly clean and a lot of variety. It was interesting to see the different packaged dried herbs and plants for tea that they have. Not adventurous enough to try them yet. Would definitely return.
You cannot beat the price here. Especially for Korean snacks (from 69c) and ramen, I think it is cheaper than Hmart(Texas,NYC..)or any other places including 1st oriental. The owner? is super friendly, she will be very helpful to find what you need. Only downside here is the location, no restaurants near here to try out.  You can find so many Banchans, I almost felt sorry for myself living in Miami, not in Orlando. I will definitely comeback here when I revisit orlando.
"I think that this is the best Asian market in the area. It is clean, very well organized and you find great items. 

If it is something in Korean cooking, they almost always have it in stock. 

If you love Korean Barbecue, they have all the ingredients that you need. 

They also get a large shipment of New York Bakery (Korean Styled) pastries once a month. I think that it is the second Thursday of the month. The pastries contain red beans, white beans, and an assortment of creams. I love buying like 20 at a time, freezing them in freezer bags and taking one out to defrost at a time. They get it from the Chicago NY Bakery as their pastries are consistently well made and larger in size. They are usually at the front of the store on the left. 

They also have a great selection of kimchi's and banchan. 

The weekends are the days to come for their prepared Kim-baps, rice cakes etc. 

Don't sleep on this place, especially if you need hard to find Asian items."
I'm not Korean but love exploring different ingredients to cook with or try. This store carries MANY varieties of Kim Chee. The even sell dried fiddle crabs or anchovies in a spicy sauce. Yes, I've tried both and they taste great but not something I'll buy again.
This is my favorite asian store here in Orlando!!! The prices were right and i found everything that i needed! From Filipino food to korean, chinese and japanese food!!!
Was so glad to see this store. I've been missing my moms Korean cooking since moving to Florida. I found just about everything I needed. Pretty good prices too. I'll be going back soon!
Nice super market ! I like that it's clean, smells NICE and it's not crowded. Excellent selection of sweets, spices and seasonings. Love coming here even though is a long drive. Their kimchi is the best :) Save the glass jar and when you bring it back, they give you $2 back :)
"Beware - picture overload and they tell a K-Drama. This extremely clean and organized grocery store features Korean food with an splattering of other Asian foods. 

I wanted to buy one of everything even if I didn't know what it was or how it would taste. 

I suggest - recipe cards at the front as well as small display areas that would feature the ingredients in order to prepare the more popular Korean dishes. I also suggested to the cashier they should offer a cooking demonstration classes for customer education on how to make kimchi ramen, blank beans past ramen, soups and of course bulgogi marinade. Please help me in this plight!! Reach out to the store owner and appeal to at least the recipe cards indicating isle #s where your can pick up the specified ingredients or a deli-section with prepared foods like protein, soups, noodle and/or rice dishes!

Don't forget - no mask, no entry! No cart sanitizing so bring your own wipes."
"This is my favorite place to go when I need specific Asian goods I can't find at other oriental supermarkets, particularly Korean goods. They have some awesome Korean side dishes that they sell fresh on the right of the store by the produce. If you're looking for a giant jar of kimchi, they have that too! 

The highlight of this store is its array of Asian snacks. Everything ranging from Japanese to Vietnamese snacks are available and they frequently have markdowns on the pricing too. This can make it very affordable to purchase delicious Japanese snacks. I noticed that they carry certain snacks that I've only found in the Japanese shop at Epcot in Disney so theoretically, this can save you a ticket to Disney haha. 

The staff are really friendly and they will help you out if you have any questions. There doesn't seem to be too many of them though. 

It is hard to go wrong at this store if you have an idea of what you're looking for. I'm surprised more people don't go here!"
"Closest Asian market from where I live.  I come to this store once a month to once every other month to stock up Japanese and some Korean grocery.  
They have most of the stuff I need.  I just wish their vegetables were more fresh. 
You can pick up fresh vegetables at Vietnamese grocery store on colonial drive. 
Nothing really to complain. I like this store."
Love this place and the fresh made kimchi??? Wow. All of the fresh made foods are so so good. The people are so nice. Heading back often to patron this place, I'm obsessed!
This place is okay...sometimes I see packaged food that should be refrigerated just out in boxes. Once I purchased tofu and when I got home and tried to eat it, it had gone bad even though the expiration date was still 2 weeks away.  I still go here because it's literally the only Korean Mart around here. I've bought produce here before and my daikon was dry and old in the middle...now, I usually just stick to the non perishables and always check the expiration date to make sure it's not about to expire. Wish there was an Hmart in Florida :(
"Such a nice, clean market and it had everything I was looking for! I love Asian food and snacks, so it was great being able to find everything I was looking for. 

They even have a variety of instant Ramen noodles as well as a bunch of delicious snacks!!"
"Woo Sung is the rule. Love their merch and the fact that they got Korean and Pinoy goods.

From gochujang, patis, fish cake, Pepero, Clover Chips, halo halo ingredients, ramyun, and other goodies, this joint has them all!

They also carry Melona and red hotdog! It doesn't get any better than that!

Sure, it's in a strange part of town, but it's all good because of the variety!"
"Impressive find!!! So I've been going to the Asian markets on 50 and didn't realized this amazing little gem was here. I came by looking for a few Korean products and was presently surprised. 

The parking lot is not busy so finding parking is a plus! Upon entering the store is clean and organized. The produce looks fresh and decently priced. 

I loved walking down the ramen isle, I've made so many different ramen this week.....no good for my diet! 

Definitely my new go to for random finds."
Best Korean grocery store in Orlando. Extremely friendly staff and always willing to help us non-Korean speakers with items. I come here often to stock up on stuff I can't find in a regular grocery store. Great pre-packaged food as well as store made kimchi. Closest place you'll get to an H-Mart in Orlando.
Shop here every time we come to Orlando. Its clean and they sell a lot of different items. Tip: Just verify expiration dates, otherwise it's one of the best Korean grocery stores around.
Excellent place for all your Asian grocery needs! A very large and extremely clean store. So many fresh food items; I highly recommend the kimchi there! The best part of this store was their friendliness! Very kind individuals who will help you find the things you need and make great recommendations. I was deeply moved by their kindness. Highly recommend!
I was really impressed with all the prepared bulgogi and sides they offer in the frig. I bought the spicy pork bugoli and cooked it at home the flavor was good and spice level was perfect. The kimchi was good as well. They also have great produce selections. Don't forget to go in the freezer in the back for some already raw sliced pork belly and other thin sliced meat. I know I need another hour to browsed the store again. Til next time. I can't wait.
"When I think about an Asian Supermarket, I think about Woo Sung.  It's literally authentic to the core! A major market stop for Korean products and ingredients here along with other Asian items, I mainly came for the spring roll wrappers and sure enough they had plenty in stock.

Located near the corner of Edgewater and Lee Rd, you'll find a multi-business complex. This store is one of the largest units in this complex so you can't miss it.  The main entrance consists of fresh produce and hard to find items not normally found in a regular American supermarket. Check out the spice section near this area too!

They also have a huge section of kimchi and hot stuff!  They also have a huge selection of Korean bbq and bulgogi seasonings.

A big 3 Star for their service and grocery store set up.  They have a huge selection of Korean items but lack a variety of other Asian cultures.  Also they have plenty of space that lacks products (empty of space).  I love good customer service and there is some lacking in this area, but a definite find for Korean items not found elsewhere."
What an awesome supermarket! They have predominantly Korean and Japanese products, but they have some Filipino and Chinese staples as well. They have a wide selection of banchan. This, paired with their frozen thin sliced meat, makes for a quick DIY KBBQ at home! Compared to the other Asian grocery stores in Orlando, their prices are very reasonably priced and almost everything I bought today was cheaper than at other markets. My $40 bill would have been easily $50-55 at other markets. Make sure to check it out!
"Wow! This is definitely a hidden gem. We had a few things on our list and were not near the Mills/50 area and didn't want to fight with parking so this was perfect! There are so many choices for all of the different Asian cuisines and we bought way more than we expected. There was some guesswork with some of the items we picked since the packages aren't in English... this is authentic, remember!

Anyhow, amazing selection of packaged and fresh items with prices that are fair. We will be back soon to get some more of the seasonings, shrimp chips, and sweet potato noodles for sure. Whatever else happens to fall in our cart will be a surprise."
"Really like this Korean/Asian grocery. Lots of produce and they sell giant jars of kimchi, my favorite! Came by recently and the staff said they are getting very little business due to covid-19, but the place was nicely stocked with all sorts of staples:  rice, canned foods, fresh vegetables, and lots of frozen meat. Out side you can pick up some small pepper plants or a nice cilantro plant. They also have some small toiletries and kitchen items for sale too, so not all just food. 

If you need greens, ginger, garlic, or Asian sauces this is the place to come. The staff in the store were  wearing face masks and were very helpful with showing you where items are found. 

This is slightly larger than a mom and pop store, but perfect for getting what you need an going  back home quickly. There were only about 2-3 other customers in the store when I was there, so keeping distance while shopping was very easy. Side note: bring your own hand sanitizer or wipes to wipe down a cart, they do not provide any."
My mom's favorite Korean Grocery store. Friendly staff, always greeted with a smile. We drive an hour each way just to shop. Thumbs up!
"I had Adobo at a pop-up event at Sceptre Brewing Arts on 1/9/2021.

Unfortunately, they were out of chicken by the time we ordered. I got the Beef Bistek Rice Bowl ($12). I also tried some of my friend's fries. The beef was shredded and soo flavorful and tasty. The fries were delightfully crispy and perfectly seasoned. I also tried the Ube Puto (purple yam rice cakes), which were like little muffins. It was soft, but didn't have too much flavor.

According to my friends, the Tapa Sliders ($10) were also delicious. They also raved about the Pork Lumpia ($5). The Labat Box ($18) came with Sinigang Fries, Pork Lumpia, Ukoy, and Ube Puto.

Everything was delicious, but it was pretty expensive for the portion we got."
Wow, Adobo was certainly mind-blowing. Gets a little too crowded, but has good ambience and service. Pretty much every thing that we ordered was incredibly fresh and delicious. The crew is certainly a highlight of this place because they are always quick, polite, and provide service with a smile! I can't say enough good things about Adobo.
I ordered catered food on Sunday and was able to pick it up Monday. It was ok- lacked a little flavor.
My wife and I loved it! Everything they offer is so good, but we especially like the lumpias (sp?) and the bistek!
"Got to try a bunch of things on the menu at a pop up event. Everything I had was deeply flavorful and served crisp. 

The lumpia I had was on point. Both the veggie and pork were so crisp and flaky. I liked both the Thai chili and vinegar sauces. 

The fries were amazing because they were thick cut and extra crisp while being hot and soft on the inside. The fries were dusted with a magic seasoning. Very addicting. 

The bistec we had was so moist and flavorful. The adobo chicken was also great with the soft quail eggs. 
The wings were also very crisp and well done. The calamansi wings were like a lemon pepper and there was another bbq flavored one that I enjoyed more. 

You need to give this place a try. Hopefully with a few friends so you can sample the whole menu."
Best Bistek I've had in a while! I ordered lunch delivery and the food came in still warm and I was also very surprised that the lumpia was still crisssppyy!!! Overall, I love the food & it's reasonably priced!
I learned Kulinarya from one of my WeChat friends. He's not even Filipino lol! I have a Chinese friend whose husband arrived from China and he loves Filipino food. I thought this would be a perfect place to try the food and experience the culture at the same time. I invited my 3 Chinese, 1 Bengali and 1 Italian friend plus myself and my husband. Minimum number of persons for Kamayan (using your hands) style dinner is 6 plus 20% gratuity. It costs $25 per person. We are 7 people in total and so I made reservations for 7. The amount of food we got can feed 10 or even 12 people. It was awesome! The kare kare (beef & tripe with peanut sauce) was so good and so was the chicken adobo, grilled pusit (squid) and lechon kawali (fried pork belly). I suggest that you only order for 6 and take 10 people with you. If you love ethnic food then you would love this place. Highly recommended!
"Once in a blue moon, I decide to try and a new place that I've driven by. Last night was no exception. I had seen their sign when I was picking up some Nagano Sushi. So I surf the web for Kulinarya and I find out they serve Filipino cuisine. Yum! 

On their menu they had some many things I wanted to try that I remember my grandma or my mom cooking. We put in the take order for the Lumpia Shanghai (pork/veggie eggrolls), Kaldereta (spicy beef in a tomato base sauce), and Manok sa Gata (chicken/veggies in cocunut milk). We only ordered the plates as the combos were only available before 5pm. 

I was pleasantly surprised. The eggrolls actually tasted crunchy and not soggy or oily and the special sauce complimented them very well. The spicy beef was excellent, although when my mom makes it, she puts more olives to give it a different taste, but it was still delicious. Finally the chicken in coconut milk was great to offset the spicy beef, although I found it a bit too sweet. 

Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to others as the prices and portions were larger than what you would get at Goldilocks. 

Finally I've found my second home!"
"Kulinarya Filipino Eatery is a small little Filipino restaurant near me that we've often overlooked. The décor inside is homey and has a 19th century Victorian garden like vibe. Kulinary is located in the same plaza as Nagano Japanese Restaurant; across the street from Coquitlam Centre and Delicious Pho and Legend Shanghai Restaurant and Browns. Literally, this side of Coquitlam has a lot of choices. 

Corn nuts as snacks to start. We asked the server to recommend a few dishes for us.
 
Sizzling Sisig 11: Crispy minced pork pig ears with egg. This is the number one favorite of everyone entering the restaurant. Every table has pretty much order this dish. Comes on a hot plate with a raw egg to be  mixed in and cooked on the table. Add a quick squeeze of lemon to cut the fat and brighten the flavors. It really is quite delicious. 

Tortang Talong 10: Eggplant omelet. Similar to a Japanese grilled eggplant where the meat is softened, fibers sweeten and mixed in a dry pan fried omelet.

Sinangag 3 small: We ordered a side of garlic fried rice to go with our meal. Aromatic rice infused with garlic and topped with fried garlic bits.

Halo Halo 8: Shaved ice dessert with coconut milk, jelly, boba, coconut jelly, and mochi. Topped with coconut ice cream and sweet yam potato ice cream. Good to share for two people.

Service prompt and quite friendly. Good neighborhood joint."
Hands down, THE BEST, Filipino food! Staff are nice. Quaint little restaurant with incredible food!
"10 of my friend's and I Decided we wanted to try a boddle fight ... kayaman dinner 

This little place was great and so friendly 
It was easy to organize the dinner through email. 

The food was delicious and we got to try different philipino dishes such has beef kare kare, chicken adobo, milk fish (banga) .. 
also dessert halo halo was included 

All of us walked away with full bellies and happy souls"
Great Filipino restaurant.  I love their grilled squid.  Its a  tight restaurant so sometimes it can be really busy but once you're in the service is great and the food is tasty. I love the decor in this restaurant.
"One day at lunch I randomly asked my Philippines friend where's the best place to go for Philippines food in Vancouver, and she told me Kulinarya. She said their food was most authentic and closest to what she has back home. I went there for a dinner. I've never been to Philippines before nor tried real authentic Philippines food, so I asked the person there to recommend some things for me. I got 3 or 4 dishes (way too much for 2 people) but they were all amazing.

I end up taking the food I can't finish home and even as leftovers the next day (and day after) they still taste amazing. I am planning on taking a few more friends there next time so we can order more dishes and try out more things!

It's far out in Coquitlam, but it's well worth the drive."
Would be nice if bicol express is on the menu. And if they do delivery. But other than that the food is very good and the service but I find halo halo a little over price.
I've been wanting to visit this spot for quite sometime now. I'm happy I did. Today I was craving a Silog meal. Meaning a protein with egg and garlic rice. They didn't disappoint. I ordered the Bangsilog with egg and garlic fried rice. The milkfish, which happens to be the boniest fish in the world, is served boneless most of the time is deep fried to perfection. You can eat the whole thing. It was seasoned nicely and this meal came with a nice pickled papaya slaw on the side. The egg was sunny side up which was covering this nice mountain of garlic fried rice. It was served with a spicy soy vinegar sauce on the side. I also asked as a capricious thing, for a side bowl of sinigang broth. Sinigang is a tamarind based soup so beautifully sour and wonderful with beef, pork, seafood or most proteins and veggies. Every bite was delicious. I topped it all off with a Ube bun for $2. I didn't take a picture cuz well I forgot and dang it was good. My co worker told me to try the Kare Kare here next time. Oh yeah I'll be back for that.
Tried this place after seeing the Yelp reviews and was pleasantly surprised.  I love Filipino food but don't get many chances to eat it.  The crispy pata was delicious! We also ordered the garlic rice, chicken adobo, and grilled squid.  The garlic fried rice was amazing, the other two were good also but I found the adobo a bit on the salty side.  When we came in, the other tables were set up for their Kamayan style dinner, everything looked so yummy on the table, we already made plans with friends to try that next time!
"No expert of Philippine cuisine, just my 2 cents as a amateur Philippino cuisine eater. 

Heard from many Philippino friends, this joint is the bomb!  Ought to try it. 

There is a number of locations in town. A new location is on Commercial Drive. 

The staff at this location was super friendly. We asked for her recommendations. We ordered 3 of the most popular dishes with rice.  Kare kare (beef tripe), bangus (boneless milk fish), and manok (chicken in coconut milk). 

All the dishes were fairly tasty and a blend of other cuisines. Remarkably familiar to Thai cuisine. 

Overall the food value is on the pricier side. Would I come back?  Probably. But probably not after I try a bunch of other of Philippino food elsewhere first."
This is a great little gem if you're looking for some legit Filipino food. The lumpia's a delicious and they have a very good selection of meat and veggie dishes.
"My daughter had a pre-wedding lunch kinda thing and she booked a boodle fight to introduce Filipino cuisine. 18 people non-Filipino attended the event. Everybody were so full after!  so goooood! Even dessert was excellent  

Highly recommended ‍‍"
"The Filipino place we normally go to is in the midst of moving so we decided to drive from Langley to check this place out. We ordered the Crispy Pata, Sisig, and Binagoongan. 

The pata was probably the most flavorful that I've tasted in the lower mainland. Juicy on the inside and super crispy on the outside.

The Sisig was really tasty, but it's called crispy Sisig and it most definitely was not crispy. But the flavors were definitely there!

The Binagoongan was pretty good, I feel like if I tried this places Binagoongan first then I would really like it, but our regular place destroys all competition.

That being said, we will definitely come back if we are in the area."
"I would love to give you more than a 3 star! Kulinarya dearest, as your food is yummay! 

Unfortunately.. the downside is... its not as consitent as I would like it to be. The first time I ordered the crispy pata.. it was probably forgetten about, as it was over cooked, and very very very dry. The second time we ordered it.. it was fall off the bone good, and the crispy skin was delicious!! SO DELICIOUS! I wish I could say it everytime.

The curry is delicious! A sweeter, lighter curry, compared to Indian or Thai curry.. but it is delicious!! I recommend any curry, as I've tried more than one.. and was pleased both times. 

Portions are large and great to share! But Another reason why it isn't a 4 star is.. I believe that raised their prices. Its still reasonably priced, but I was just a little taken back. I took a picture of the menu, so everyone can expect the prices now. Most dishes are $12 compared to their ~$10 before. Still reasonable. I guess I don't blame them as inflation effects us all. 

Staff is friendly, and Filipino family own and run. Just a tad bit slow, and you have to constantly ask them to refill your water. But still.. good service :) Very very friendly and pleasing!

Hopefully I'll be able to change this rating to a 4. As I am pretty much a fan :D Would recommend people to try this restaurant.. as it has been mentioned in other reviews before.. Good break from typical Chinese, Japanese or Korean restaurants in the tri-cities."
"Small resto. Attentive Server. Not a bad Filipino resto over all. 

We ordered chicken adobo, pork bbq skewer, tortang talong, and rice. Chicken adobo was ok. Tender but bony and a little more on the sour side which I'm not used to. I like my adobo a little balanced and a bit sweeter and taste the soy sauce more than the vinegar. I think the best one is their bbq pork skewer which I absolutely love! Tortang talong was decent too. I want to come back and try other dishes but honestly this won't be a regular visit I find that the quantity of food they give is rather small for the price. I find it a little expensive cause for all that between two people I spent $47. For this amount of money I can buy more dishes at diff Filipino resto."
My new favorite spot for delicious filipino food. Love this place. Will come back again for sure. I love their manok sa gata, kare kare, adobo, crispy pata and sisig. Will try their other food on my next visit. Yum!
"I'll support anything Filipino so biased alert! For any filipino, I think it'll hit the spot for nostalgia so it's definitely worth a try.

Since they are a small team and were quite busy on our visit, they did get one order wrong for my wife. So keep an eye/ear out for your orders. Luckily, we had friendly seating neighbours help us confirm that we ordered Longsilog instead of Bangsilog.

The staff was gracious enough to correct it.

Overall, a nice place I wouldn't mind going back to if I was missing home Filipino food."
Nice staff.  I chose the Kumayan meal for 13. There was minimal meat portions of each kind. Common thoughts of my guests were not enough meat to go around. Too much of everything else. Good if your vegetarian. But I wouldnt try the Kumayan again. Just order your own meals. 20% gratuity added on to your bill is the agreement. Mine was 93.00 for 470.00 meal. Then it was subtotal with tip. Then taxed. Your tip is taxed!?? Kinda dampers my experience.
"This is where I usually go when I'm craving Filipino food. The place is small but charming and the servers are always nice. 

We ordered Crispy Pata, Kare Kare, Bangus and garlic fried rice. 

I just wish the food portions are a little bigger."
"Definitely a welcomed ethnic restaurant in the Tri-Cities area. There are just too many Chinese, Japanese and Vietnamese restaurants here.The restaurant is small and comfortable. 

When you arrive or while sitting their eating your meal, you will see lots of Philipino's also frequenting the restaurant! This is a dead giveaway - the food is authentic and the staff are extremely friendly.

Now the food.....the food if phenomenal. Not of the Philipino descent, the staff is always willing to help explain the various menu items and they will go as far as making suggestions.

Been there mulitple times now and new had the same dish twice....planning another visit to try so of the other dishes. The items which have left a lasting impression are the pork skewers, chicken lollipop, crispy pata and the deep fried bananas! The deep fried bananas are made so good, they taste just the same the next morning.

I would highly recommend this little restaurant!"
"We had been wanting to try some of the local Filipino food for a good while.  After receiving several encouragements about Kulinarya, it was picked as the venue for lunch recently.  We arrived almost in sync with their weekday opening time of 10 am, so I guess our meal could be called a late-breakfast, or early-brunch.

Kulinarya is a very small, and rather 'cool & cute-looking' restaurant.  Table seating is limited to a few small, two-chair tables along a side wall, with the other, and larger tables, occupying the rest of the interior space - these tables can be moved about, and arranged to fit four diners, to much larger-sized groups.  For us, the wall colours, decorations, and such, provided a lot of ""visual fun"".

Service was warm, friendly, and cordial throughout our stay - with help when ordering, and nice-attention during our meal.

What was ordered and shared:  Note - I have used the names & descrtogether iptions as listed in menu.

-  Pampagana (Appetizer):  Lumpiang Shanghi - pork and vegetable spring rolls.
-  Baka (Beef):  Kare-Kare - beef and vegetables, in peanut sauce.
-  Manok (Chicken):  Adobo - chicken braised in vinegar, soy sauce & garlic.
-  Kanin (Rice):  Steamed Rice - small bowl, provided by host.

The dishes arrived from kitchen to table 'piping hot', together, and looking good.  All preparations were deliciously ""rich tasting"".  The ingredients very nicely, and distinctly seasoned, and flavoured, though quite mildly, and not overdone -- with meats and chicken tender and juicy, spring roll coverings thin and crispy, vegetables tender, without being overcooked, and the sauces providing major taste treats.

For us, this first dining experience of Filipino food was a winner.  We sure liked the place (small, and rather 'cool' ambiance), appreciated the warm and friendly reception and service provided, and the food ordered (thanks for the suggestions 'Veronica'!!), offered some wonderful first-time experience taste treats."
"I finally tried out a new Filipino restaurant! I've only been to a couple around Vancouver including Max's restaurant and Kumare. Both experiences were a delight so I was excited to have found Kulinarya Filipino Eatery in Coquitlam. Kulinarya Filipino Eatery is located in Coquitlam Square on Glen Drive right across from Coquitlam Centre. The interior of the restaurant was bright and colourful with tropical vibes throughout. The restaurant wasn't very large on the inside with only 5 dining tables. When we entered to pick up our to-go order, we were greeted with friendly faces and the most amazing service! 

We noticed that the menu from Kulinarya was a bit different than the others we've tried before. They focused more on meat and seafood dishes rather than rice and noodles. Both of us were feeling like having seafood so we got the fried milk fish and stuffed squid.

I thought this dish was going to come with rice but my bad for not reading the menu correctly. The grilled squid was stuffed with a tomato salsa type mixture that included fresh tomatoes, onions, and lots of lemon juice. I loved this dish! It was fresh and perfect to have on the sunny day. My only thing is I wish that there was more of a grilled flavour to it but otherwise it was fantastic!

Grayson got the Bangsilog which was a fried milkfish. He never had this type of fish before so he was intrigued. The boneless milk fish was packed full of flavour in every bite. It had a perfect blend of saltiness and sweetness. He loved the ""fish sauce"" it came with and the gooey egg just tied everything together perfectly."
"What a treasure find!
Using a phone app, we came across a Kulinarya and having never tried Filipino food, we had to give a go. A small place in a strip mall with friendly, helpful staff. 
The portions are generous and very tasty. As we are not Philippians, the staff were patient and helped with our choice of dishes to try. The spring rolls were great as was the chicken adobo and bbq platter. YUM!
We'll definitely recommed and surely go back."
This was a new food experience for me. The food we ordered met our expectations. I really enjoyed the cripsy pata and the roasted chicken with the family. The sizzling tofu dish was delicious on a bed of hot rice. There were a lot of people when we were seated, and the service still remained exceptional. I can't wait to come back again with an empty stomach to try other dishes.
We heard bad reviews so we came in with low expectations. As soon as we walked in, we were automatically transported back to the Philippines - the sight, the smells, the sounds, everything! The food was really good - we really enjoyed the chicken and everything else we ordered was good too (pinakbet, lumpiang shanghai, chicken sisig and bistek). Service was just so-so but the food and atmosphere made the visit worthwhile :) oh and before you leave, order a box of caramel bars at the front desk!
When I get homesick, as with the rest of my Filipino family, one thing we do is find a place that serves authentic Filipino food, and that means food that is usually sautéed, a bit too oily or too salty for a foreigners taste, like lechon, binagoongan, bopis, etcetera. Max's serves exactly what we are looking for, but a bit pricey. So far, I haven't eaten anything from their menu that displeases me. One big problem though is the very limited parking, considering it is located in a very busy street, and they have limited sitting, especially considering that Filipinos love to eat out, in big groups, and often find occasions to do so.
"I think it is safe to say that the Max's Restaurant in the Philippines is much better than any other location outside of the Pinas. Max's in Vancouver is the closest location I can go to considering the fact that there is no Max's in Washington State. The service, location and overall area is kept very clean.
I suggest ordering Sinigang (Baboy which means Pork), Palabok and Crispy Pata! The Sinigang has the perfect tangy, sour tamarind taste and the Crispy Pata is cooked at a level where it is crunchy and melts in your mouth at the same time. If you order the famous Max's Chicken, please do not order it thinking that it tastes exactly like how the Philippines cooks it because it doesn't taste anything near to it. This is a casual place, good for big groups and it does get loud! As for the desserts, try the Sago't Gulaman and Halo Halo if available. I personally think the Buko juice tasted a little off, due to a lot of artificial sugar added. To sum of Max's I personally think that is a good restaurant to satisfy your Filipino food cravings, but to all of you who crave the authentic Max's from the Philppines-- this is nowhere near it."
"Just to be fair - I came back on August 4, 2017 with my mom. It was her 79th birthday. She was visiting from the Philippines. I wanted to treat her for dinner - just the two of us as we don't have family here. She ordered pancit canton and it was surprisingly delightful. We also ordered halo-halo and it was equally tasty. 

Mom's Birthday was memorable. 

Maybe they've learned from their shortcomings. Good job!"
"Three stars. Just like it's overall rating. I don't think I would go back here. Got the sigsig but unlike all the other Filipino restaurants. They had a variety of sigsig which kind of confused me because I want sure which one was the one I usually get (crispy sigsig). I ordered take out and it didn't take long. 10 minutes and the food was put. However. When I got back to the office to eat. The food was already quite cold  Not sure what happened there. It was also quite expensive for a small sigsig, about $20 worth. For the price alone I wouldn't come back here. Parking is an issue as well as there isn't a lot of street parking or private parking since they're fairly close to a few other restaurants as well. So the complex they're next to in terms of parking fills out pretty quickly. 

The waitress was polite and attentative so that was nice. But other than that. I can't recommend eating here based off of my personal experience of this place. I prefer Hapag Ihaw-Ihaw for my sigsig! They do it the best way in my personal opinion. 

Nothing against Max's. But the food just didn't cut it with me. And I personally won't be coming back to the restaurant. I will be going back to Hapag, however for my sigsig fix"
"Max's a huge diner-style Filipino restaurant that is apparently fairly well known in the Philippines. They've got a pretty big space that seems to be typically pretty busy during dinner time. In addition to their general dining space, Max's has two special function rooms that can house 45 people each!

I had the Sago't Gulaman, which is an iced drink flavored with brown sugar syrup and a hint of banana extract. It was pretty sweet in my opinion, and reminded me of a much sweeter version of grass jelly drinks.

According to my gf, the fried chicken here is awesome so I decided to get half a chicken! It doesn't actually come with fries or anything - for some reason there were a few additional pieces of yam fries that came along with the chicken on our plate. The chicken was good, ut it didn't blow me out of the water. The type of batter and marinade they use make it quite different from KRC or Churches chicken.

We also love garlic rice, so we decided to order some extra rice to go with our meal! We also got the Pork Sisig, which includes marinated pork cheeks that are broiled and cut into small pieces, and served on a sizzling plate. It's one of those dishes I had at Pinpin and enjoyed quite a bit!

The Sisig here is pretty different from the one I had at Pinpin, which seemed a lot more crispy and flavourful. (Q: I beg to differ...Pinpin definitely does this dish better!)  The Sisig at Max's is good too, but just different. There are a lot more ingredients and the meat isn't as crispy. Either way, still great on rice! 

Overall, Max's Restaurant isn't a bad place for a quick Filipino meal. It reminds me of a Filipino version of Denny's - food is decent, it's a great go-to place for families, and everything there tastes pretty good when you're hung over! I'll still have to take Pinpin over Max's though!"
Been here several times and this Filipino restaurant is consistent with the taste of their dishes. Always satisfying and staff are friendly. A bit surprised that they're not busy this time of lunch on weekends. Highly recommended to try.
Jasper is wonderful!  He was super patient with us and never rushed us even though it was past closing time.  As for the food, crispy pork hock is a must-order.  BBQ skewers were a tad too salty and the beef peanut stew was bland but the pancit palabok was yum!  It reminds me of a spaghetti Bolognese but with pinoy twist.  Would definitely go back to try the fried chicken and the halo halo.
"I was super excited to try this place after hearing so much about it from friends and through various social feeds. The hype was insane, espcially among the Flip community, but in my opionion thats all it was, just hype. 

I was pleasantly surprised by how nice and large this restaurant is. I was thinking it would be a small crowded place with diner like furniture. But it was huge! So I'm surprised that it was so packed with line ups, but thats what you get with new places. Although there are a few Filipino restaurants in the lower mainland, I dont think they had such an impact on the Vancouver community, most were just known among the Filipino micro community. I think this restaurant tries to make Filipino cuisine more  mainstream, which is a great thing!

Having eaten Filipino food my entire life, I can honestly say that I wasn't blown away by this place. The fried chicken was dry and over cooked and hardly had any seasoning on it, not even salt. It was kind of dissapointing seeing that this place is supposed to be known for its chicken. We also orderd the lechon kawali (fried pork belly) which was good, juciy and tender, just can't eat the skin with the layers of fat. I also had to try the pancit palabok which is one of my all time favorite filipino dishes. It very good, tasted great but perhaps a tab bit on the salty side.  I still think my god mother makes the badest palabok in town though.

Service was great and friendly. Servers came often to check on us to see how we were doing. We even got them to sing a birthday jingle to one of my friends whoes birthday was approaching.

Overall, not a bad experience....I'll have to see how it progresses over time.

St3Fin"
"The food is all pretty good -- and really, how can pork adobo not be good?  I've had better elsewhere for the most part, but the ingredients are good quality and the portions are large.  Max's isn't one of those dinky places that nickel-and-dimes you so you have to order two appetizers so everyone can get a taste, and the basket of lumpia is enough for four, at least.  You should definitely get some; really, your arteries are a bit too clean anyway!

The pancit canton comes in a huge steaming pile of goodness, but somehow leaves a bit to be desired...and when you order it without shrimp but it still comes with them, that's a bit of a fail.  At least we weren't allergic.

Halo halo is big and flavorful, and a mandatory finish to any meal here.  The service was great...easily four stars, polite and helpful without being obtrusive or obsequious.

Edit:  Went back and found that the chicken adobo and chicken sisig were mediocre at best.  The sisig was sizzling when they brought it out, which was cool, but put out so much smoke that the people a couple tables down got up and left, and we had to get up and sit in the lobby for a while until the smoke cleared.  When we got back to our table the other diners, some of whom were still coughing from the smoke, glared at us.  Fail!

To be fair, the servers there -- especially Terrance and Marian -- were among the nicest, most welcoming you could ask for anywhere.  I'd go back, but be selective about what you order."
We decided to try a new restaurant tonight and I went past Max's restaurant numerous times and it always looked busy. The restaurant size was quite big and was quite busy on Monday night. We asked the waiter which was the popular dish here and he said the roast chicken. My husband decided to order spicy chicken and pork skewers and big portion of rice. The chicken tasted good but there were some parts that were bit on dry side and for most part it was quite juicy and tender. I didn't like the pork skewers, we both found it was a bit on chewy side and the flavour wasn't as good as Hapag Ihaw-ihaw restaurant. Both dishes were around $15. We also ordered the flan and it wasn't as soft as Vietnamese flan but it did taste good. The price for the food there were bit pricy but it seemed like a popular restaurant. Our waiter was friendly and courteous. We would go there again to try different dishes.
Came in for the first time today thinking they only had fried chicken and was pleasantly surprised in the variety of filipino cuisine in the menu.  The resto was clean and bright unlike other filipino establishments I've been to.  The service was a tad slow: it took about 10 mins for the waiter to take our drink orders and another 5 mins to get our drinks.  Luckily we got our food right away.  Their garlic fried rice went well with the BBQ pork on sticks and the pork adobo.  The BBQ was tender and moist with a bit of sweetness. The atchara (pickled papaya) that came with the BBQ was refreshingly tart but not too vinegary and cut through the richness of the pork.  The adobo was a bit tough and could use a bit more time braising in the rich soy garlic vinegar sauce.  The diced raw tomato and onion on the side of the adobo was cold and I had to wait for it to come to room temperature to eat with the adobo.  Overall the food quality is good but it was a bit over priced.
It was my first time trying filipino food and to be honest I am not impressed at all. I got their fried chicken in sizzling hot and sour sauce and it was very average. I've had way better chickens before. Anyways, I am determined to give them another chance later and will edit this comment if it is a better experience.
Food is decent but the service is poor. Eating in takes long & take out usually takes long depending on the day. Oh and for some reason they do not serve the full menu on holidays, but they're open ..
"The Boy, his family and I had a meal at Max's yesterday. Being that I'm not Filipino, eating at Max's doesn't bring me childhood memories so I can say I can give a pretty objective outsider's experience of Max's food. My previous experience with Filipino cuisine includes Kumare and The Boy's family's cooking. That being said, the meal at Max's didn't disappoint. The service was attentive, water was being refilled, food was brought out all at once and my tummy had a feast. 

Started off with the stir fry noodles which had pork, chicken, shrimp, peas and cabbage in it. It came out lukewarm and a tad oily so it was pretty mediocre. 

The famous chicken was alright. It came with yam fries, but I guess I'm used to the westernized way of frying chicken so I really missed the crunchy skin.

Then the spring rolls (lumpia?) came and I fell in love. They were thick and perfect bite-sized, filled with spicy, flavourful meat. This dish also came with plum-like sauce. Perfect. I also ate the deep fried bowl the spring rolls came in. Yes, it was a little embarrassing to do that in front of The Boy's family , but it was worth it. 

The pork hock was also another highlight. Crunch skin, moist meat that fell off the bone. Came with a dipping sauce what complimented the hock really well. 

Also had the ox tail stew. Compared to the other dishes, this dish definitely lacked some punch. There were only a few pieces of tail in it and that left me a little disappointed. 

Lastly, I had the coconut, grass jelly dessert which was small but OH SO YUMMY. If I were alone, I would have ordered two orders for just myself. 

Overall, Max's was a pleasant surprise. Its decoration was high-end cafeteria. The washroom was clean. Most of the food was yummy. 

Will definitely return!"
"Being Filipino, I was really skeptical going out for Filipino food since my family cooks it all the time. Being skeptical, this place actually blow my mind away about restaurant Filipino food. The food here is top class for Filipino food. Some notable dishes that are really good is the Lumpia (spring rolls), Sigi, and the Fried chicken. All those dishes just blew me away..

Definitely get the dessert called ""HALO-HALO"" it's huge and good for two people!

From the outside the restaurant doesn't look like it has a lot of space, but there are 2 big rooms for more space. It's nice, clean and modern inside."
Was decently quick service I just found the lumpia overpriced for what you get. I didn't try anything else as I only wanted the lumpia. Was a tad spicy and the sauce was a little too tomatoie.
"I was driving along Kingsway and Max's Restaurant caught my eye.  This is quite a big Filipino restaurant that is quite spacious inside.  During peak hours, they have a ton of people waiting for a table.  Customer service is friendly.  
They don't have an extensive menu, but what is on the menu is definitely good.  The pancit palabok was tasty.  The kare-kare lack a bit of meat, but the peanut sauce was made just right.  The hipon sinigang had just the right hint of tangy taste to it."
i love the banana caramel cheesecake, and halo-halo for dessert...love the sizzling tofu and the cauliflower puffs....
Traditional Filipino restaurant that has been around for more than 50 years in the Philippines.
"Being in Max's makes me miss the Philippines!  While the food itself is decent, the best part about it is that even though it's in Canada, it's authentic to it's origins - old photos/sketches of the original location in Manila; Filipino music playing in the background; and they give you a spoon and fork to eat! =) 

The best part of the Max's menu:  Halo halo. Go solely for that. Just do it."
"Went to Max's with my family  2 Sundays ago and we lined up outside anticipating the familiar Filipino foods we know and love. We caught a glimpse of the menu and were thrilled to know that such a place has opened up s o close to our neighbourhood. The place was nicely decorated and was pleasantly surprised by how spacious it is inside. The bathrooms were spacious and clean and modern. I like the fact that they have  sinks outside the bathrooms so that one doesn't need to go to the bathroom just to wash one's hands.

Our server/waiter that day was very attentive and helpful. Our glasses were always refilled. He came back to see how our food was and assured us that the rest of the food we ordered would be coming, The wait for the food did take a while but we were willing to wait,seeing how packed the restaurant was. I also saw the rest of the servers as I was walking to the bathroom and everyone was smiling. It was refreshing to have this type of service from a Filipino restaurant. for service alone \i give them 5 stars.

Now for the food...The food was delicious and well seasoned. The fried chicken was crispy outside and nice and moist inside. The calamari tasted fresh and melted in your mouth. The lechong kawali was crunchy. the Kare-kare I fpund a bit bland but when mixed with the bagoong, it was delicious. Unfortunately the Filipino Beef steak which was very salty and slightly tough. My biggest disappointment  with Max is the PORTION SIZES. They are OVER PRICED for the amount of food that you get.

The calamari for example costs $8.99 for a meager handful (check out the pics.) I mean, c'mon now, you didn't fly the squid from the Philippines did you? It shouldn't  be that expensive. The Kare-Kare had 5 small pieces of oxtail, 2 SLICES of eggplant, a couple leaves of bokchoy and some green beans. The rest is sauce. The lechong kawali for ONE STRIP about an inch thick costs $14!!! Seriously, for 1 strip? The lumpiang ubod costs $8.99 for 2 pieces adn they weren't even that big.  The Laing, although delicious was also over priced for about a half a cup and a fillet of tilapia.  A bag of dried taro leaves imported from the Philippines is only $1.19, a can of coconut milk is about $1.75-$2. I don't know how they could justify such a huge price mark up.

A friend of mine who owns a local bistro sums it up perfectly when she said,  ""Max's is pulling on filipino sentimentality and your wallets!"""
"Came here with my girlfriend and since this place is close by to us we gave it a try.

The food was decent but we definitely have had better. The only good part was the halo halo dessert. YUM!"
"Thumbs up for service! 

I finally got the chance to see what all the hype is about at Max's restaurant. Once a staple in the Philippines now makes its way to Canadian soil!.  When we got in, there was already a small line up.. (about a 30 minute wait) not bad.. the overall place was huge, bright and clean. They even had a wash station separate from the washrooms! nice touch, Max nice touch!  

The service was great! very attentive and hella quick with our orders on a busy night! I was very impressed! i would come back just for that

Now for the food... oh man!.. we ordered quite a few dishes. lumpia shanghi, pork sisig, lechon kawali, half a chicken, pinakbet, bistek, and garlic rice.. let me break the food down:

The Lumpia Shanghi was lacking flavor, very under seasoned.. even the sauce didn't help :( 

The Pork Sisig was soft and a little soggy for me.. i thought sisig was supposed to be crispy?.... 

The Lechon Kawali was aiight.. nothing to write home about.. 

The Pinakbet was good. nice and crunchy.

The Bistek was a little too salty for me 

The Garlic rice was nice though. lol.. five big scoops for 5 bucks.

And now for the dish i wanted to order here.. their signature fried chicken.. The dish Max's known for! like Mc Donald's with their Big Mac., and Burger king with their Whopper....... 
i ordered their half chicken with yam fries.. it looked so good in the picture..i couldn't wait!!  [the chicken arrives}........ :/   do you know what i got?? i got a small ass piece of chicken! SMALLER than the chicken u get at Superstore and 7 pieces of yam fries for a garnish... wow!.. damn you picture! you deceived me :(   crispy on the outside, but i found it a tad dry on the inside... and for 10 bucks?? really?!  :(... um.... did i mention the service is amazing? :D.... anyhoo...

Don't get me wrong, the food is not that bad. prices are a little steep, especially for food i can easily make at home or go to ""other"" competitive restaurants for less and bigger portion sizes.. but  please don't take my word for it. try it and judge for yourselves :) but if you plan on coming down, make sure you come around 8pm... that way you don't have to wait so long.. just sayin ;)  

Overall: 

Service ****
Food ** 

that is all"
"I've been here a few times, most recent time was for my Aunt's birthday dinner. We had a larger party of about 20- reservations were made but we had to wait about 15 minutes still. 
Once we ordered it took about an hour to get our food. But the wait was worth it. We usually get the fried chicken and at that particular time it was delicious! In the past I find the chicken to be not as crispy but recently the crispness was definitely there. Highlights of the things we ordered were: sizzling tofu, pancit canton, garlic fried rice and the Filipino barbecue! All so delicious and have been craving to go back again for all these things. Very flavourful and satisfying. 
We then ordered a staple dessert called Halo-Halo. As soon as it came out, immediate joy filled my heart. The ube, purple ice cream, is one of my favourite ingredients in this dessert. It is the best! 
My Aunt got a cake as well and the servers came and sang for her. Wish they cleared our plates from dinner before serving our desserts though. Otherwise, the servers were really friendly to us. I would come back and most probably will in the near future as it seems as though a lot of my relatives choose this place to celebrate a birthday."
"I have been slacking off of my Yelp duties but for this place, I'm willing to pause, eat and review!

It recently opened and it came as a surprise for me.  I must not have subscribed to the Filipino newsletter for this month hehe  I thought my non-filipino friend was hallucinating when she asked me about Max's and I was like ""Huh?  Where are you?  why are you asking about a restaurant from Philippines?""  And lo and behold, one of my childhood food heavens (the other one is Jollibee) is here in Vancouver! :-D

This place is popular among Filipinos.  You don't believe me?  Go check out the 2 block lineup at 5 PM on a Monday.  It's on its second week and its novelty still hasn't run out of momentum.  As early as 4 pm (it opens 5-9pm for now), people are already lined up outside.  You arrive at 6 pm, then you have to endure an hour long wait.

2 things that I prioritize in reviewing at restaurants.  Washroom cleanliness and service.  Washroom's interior design is chic and modern.  Not your classic carenderia ""banyo"".  The staff was super friendly and understanding of the clucking of the customers waiting in the lineup.

And now for the food review.  I ordered Max's fried chicken (surprise surprise! lol), pancit canton, kare kare and sizzling pork sisig.  The chicken, although a bit dry tasted exactly the same as the one from Philippines!  Woot Woot!  Here's a quick tip on how one would eat Max's fried chicken:  Mix JUFRAN banana ketchup and worcestershire sauce and dip your chicken here as a sauce.  Can someone say AwesomeSauce???  The pancit canton made me moan as it was so delicious.  I waited too long to try the pork sisig so its sizzle has fizzled out.  However, it still tastes exactly how we flips like it (if you ever want to try this at home, add mayo and egg on top while it's still sizzling).  Kare kare...Kare kare oh how do I compare thee to the authentic kare kare?  It wasn't good.  If anything, I thought it tasted and smelled like champorado.  Weird :-S  Whatever bagoong (shrimp paste) they're using with the kare kare is...Awesome Sauce though!!

So come come come check this restaurant and Mabuhay!!!"
"The good:

The restaurants speciality is deep fried chicken, but what we have been coming back for is the deep fried crispy pata (pork hock). The skin is indeed very crispy and meat moist and tender. The halo-halo (shaved ice dessert with various fruity trappings) was average. 

The staff sings birthday song for celebrants so its a nice bonus :D.

Parking has not been a problem -there was free underground parking.

The (not so) bad: 
Food prices are slightly higher than average compared to other mom/pops Filipino restaurants. 
The caramel bar dessert was served in its plastic wrapper, not on a side plate.
Food came in no specific order (dessert came first, then snacks and drinks together)

The ugly:
nothing noteworthy.

Conclusion:
 The crispy pata is must-have; service is good

Tips:
This restaurant is visited by out of towners and may get busy during weekends. Be prepared to wait."
"I've only been here a handful of times. Nothing really makes me want to come back. I think what keeps reeling people in is the fact that it's the only Max's here. 

Value isn't great. Food isn't great either. It's all very mediocre. Far better value and better tasting food at Pin Pin in my opinion."
"Food is okay, I think what they need to improve is their customer service but other than that it has been a good stay. Good job on safety practices during covid tho.

- Food- 10mins
- Missed an item in our orders so we have to cancel 
- our water jug has black particles in it, the waiter had it changed

- did not follow up for customer feedback"
Great Filipino restaurant in Vancouver. Max has been serving good fried chicken since the 60s in the Philippines and have gone stateside. If you have been eating max fried chicken you definitely can compare taste and quality.this particular branch in Vancouver did not disappoint. Chicken is moist and crispy on the outside at the same time and cooked just like the originals in Manila. They serve other staple Filipino dishes cooked as authentic as it can be. Service is warm and friendly. Price is fairly reasonable, ambiance is great! If you're in the area and want fantastic Filipino food check out Max Restaurant in Vancouver.
We came here for Dine Out 2020.  I ordered off the Dine Out menu while my friend ordered a whole fried chicken.  The fried chicken is supposed to be their claim to fame but it was surprisingly a little dry.  However, the noodle dish I had came with two marinated skewers of grilled chicken and it was amazing!  Also finished with the Buko Pandan, which looks like green jello and tiny tapioca balls in a light coconut sauce.
We came in for dinner and unlike most reviews, we had a wonderful experience. Maybe we were just hungry after the drive from Seattle, but we truly enjoyed our dinner. Of course, we ordered too much food for three people (I say this because the kids at the table next to us made the comment). We had to have the Fried Chicken (skinny, but delicious); Crispy Pata (crispy skin and tender meat); Nilagang Baka (beef soup); Chopsuey (could have been cooked longer - vegetables were too firm); Crabmeat Fried Rice and Fresh Lumpia (the best I've has since they use ubod (palm heart). Service was okay for a busy night. Will definitely return to this branch!
"I first came here with my Filipino co-workers and they ordered the dishes. I was not that impressed with the food. The famed fried chicken was not very crispy and the meat was a tad dry. My co-workers also said the dishes (sisig and kare-kare) were not that great when compared to other places serving Filipino food (plus they can cook better versions). 

I gave it a 3 stars as I ordered take out another day and the fried chicken was much better. Crispy and tasty. the chop suey was mediocre though. Likewise for the caramel bar dessert. I may still go there in future if I want some fried chicken as it is near my work place."
Of course, over priced.... ordered a grilled chicken rice for.... 20 bucks? You can get a lot of other kinds of food with that price
"Confession: I've eaten at a LOT of great Asian restaurants in Vancouver, but never before at a Filipino food place!  So maybe I'm a little uninformed as to what is to be expected with this particular cuisine.  But I gotta say, I was seriously underwhelmed.  We started with a cream of mushroom soup which looked a lot like Campbell's; but I convinced myself they couldn't possibly be serving generic canned soup, right?  So I got some and, um, yeah...it was pretty much Campbell's.  We enjoyed the mini lumpia too, which were super tasty and served with a creamy hollandaise-like sauce that I would happily have eaten by the spoonful!  It was yummy.  Next, the ""famous"" Max's Fried Chicken.  Again, maybe I'm just spoiled, but while the consistency and texture was pretty good the flavor just tasted ""off"" to me.  

The service, however, was fantastic!  And they get an extra star for having free underground parking - which, if you've ever eaten in this area, is a HUGE plus!  I would probably give them another try, but I'd definitely order different dishes next time around."
Thumbs Up!! If you like coconut in everything, you should try it.. fried chicken is fantastic!
Thumbs Up!! If you like coconut in everything, you should try it.. fried chicken is fantastic!
"Oi, be prepared for some slow service if you're coming here. The food is great for the value ($8 for a full on chicken meal with two sides and a dessert, WHAT), but I've always had to buffer 1.5 hours due to slow staff - and even more time when we're a bigger party.

The halo halo is pretty good here (I have a friend who swears by it), and the crab-meat fried rice is seriously enough for three meals. And their bowl of spring rolls? So awesome. So if you've only holding a tenner and have time on your hands, come here to chill out. 

PLUS - the roast chicken is surprisingly good. I know you don't think roast chicken when you think of the Philippines, but that's what the place is famous for. It's the ""house that fried chicken built"". So I would suggest giving that dish a try as well. 

Parking is available in the plaza next door or on the street, or you can take the 19 bus here."
"i just have few things to say the sisig is not sizzling desapointed no egg too

:/


its dry 

so dry and cold"
This was one of the first times I experienced actual Filipino food, first time in Canada and the food here was great!  From the Lumpia, to the Adobo, to the Kare Kare, everything was great! The service there was extremely friendly and the food was just as great.  They have a great selection of entrees, appetizers, and the Halo Halo looked amazing (we didn't get to try it because our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, but it is definitely something I would want to try next time I go! Pricing is great and very affordable! The serving sizes are great and it's better to eat family style here so you can enjoy a little bit of everything! The atmosphere was really cozy, almost like everyone was one big family there. That being said, there are also more intimate settings in case you just wanna have a nice date with your significant other!
Filipino restaurant that famous menu were fried chicken served with banana ketchup.I order Spicy fried chicken, Max's crispy PATA(Crispy pork hock), Halo Halo, Leche Flan taste good.I recommended for theses menus but banana ketchup was not taste banana flavor anymore.It's like regular ketchup.
"First of all, everyone that gave crappy reviews to bring this place down to 2.5 stars should be ashamed. You obviously have zero taste buds and no sense of good food if it were to smack you in the face. 

I had pork sisig and adobo with garlic fried rice. The rice was incredible even just alone. The sisig had a million flavors, crunch, and sweetness to satisfy literally all of my tastebuds. The service was super friendly and when they came back over to ask how it was, I couldn't even find the words to say. The adobo was to die for. I could taste the flavors in the sauce and the sweet pork was incredible. 

Secondly, I'm white not Filipino. I've had many dishes down in the US in this cuisine and absolutely NONE can compare to the amount of flavors I've tasted today. Don't walk...don't think about it...RUN HERE and get ready to have the experience of a lifetime. I'm pretty sure I never want to return to the US unless I'm headed to California where another location exists. 

TLDR: AMAZING INCREDIBLE GODLY EXPERIENCE"
Im one of the filipino-canadian whose very greatful that we have max's branch here in vancouver...famous restaurant in my country that serves filipino traditional fried chicken...big retaurant can house over a hundred people,free underground parking,casual attire,credit/debit/cash ok,group,family & kids friendly,decors shocases portraits of max restaurants wayback home and abroad,noise level moderate,service is very homey ..a good place to bring your friends to try on filipino cuisine...neat place wash room very clean....
"Came here with relatives for dinner for a reunion.  There were sixteen of us in our party and we called to make reservations the day of hours before our requested time.  

Our servers were Jasper and Darwin, and have been nothing but wonderful; they were very friendly and helpful.  We had a big party, so they highly suggested ordering the set menu, particularly Set C as it is among their popular menus and it has an assortment of dishes, plus soup of the day, rice, pop (aka soft drinks) and dessert; we went with their suggestion and ordered two sets of Set C.  In addition, we also ordered other items ala carte including the shanghai lumpia, chop suey and pinakbet.  

Some people of our party wanted to order halo-halo for dessert, they highly suggested ordering the Giant Halo-Halo.  We went with that suggestion as well, and it ended feeding more than 8 people.  We finished the entire thing!

Some notes and tips:
- The set menu feeds about 10 people
- If you have a big party, I highly suggest ordering one of the set menus; it has an assortment of dishes for a meal and makes ordering easier
- Set C is popular among their set menus
- Giant Halo-Halo feeds about 5-8 people, or even more!"
"The best halo halo ever! Also tried their fried chicken -  a must have with their garlic fried rice. 

Will definitely keep coming back and bringing more family and friends. 

Thank you for the excellent, courteous and speedy service."
"After a long day of driving and sightseeing, I was hoping that we would have dinner at a local place in Vancouver, BC.  Instead, we were taken to Max's restaurant.  I was kind of disappointed because we have eaten at their branches in California.  I wanted something different.  Oh well.

This Filipino chain restaurant is known for their fried chicken.  Of course, that is what we had.  The fried chicken was just as tasty as in California.

Service was very good and attentive.  Restaurant was very clean.

If you are craving Filipino food, then try Max's Restaurant.  Overall, they are a very good 3.5 stars."
So sad how there's not a Max's here in Seattle. It was a must have during our stay in Canada. I absolutely loved it! Max's is a never a disappointment. I had a big group so Max's was perfect since their servings are family style. We chose a set, there was 3 sets to choose from and it comes with rice, entrees, and dessert in the end. We got the half set though because a full set would've been too much for the group we had, haha. I'd come back or if the owner of Max's would just find the heart to have one here in Seattle that'd be great too.....
Went with my boyfriend family for his aunt's bday. Service was great, they try their best to cater everyone - there was about 15 ppl. We came there a bit late but the food looks good. I had the garlic rice and a fish dish on a hot plate. The fish was very tasty and garlic rice was good too. I tried the soup and I find it a bit plain.. think it was beef soup with meat. I tried their fried chicken and it was very dry... had to have the vinegar sauce with it. After we had halo halo, it was huge! I think it eats for 6 people. I heard it was $35 for one. A bit expensive... and they didn't put a lot of the jelly things in. Hoping they would because that was the best part of it.
Street parking and bus stops at walking distance. A nice Filipino restaurant. The flavours have changed a bit since before covid19. Not sure if the chef has changed but the certain dishes tastes a bit different and more oily, but it's still tasty. The fried pork belly is fatty and super crispy, and the sauce is a bit sweet which balance out the fat. The garlic rice is good especially with their dishes, but if it's just the rice itself then a bit more salt would be better. The service is good and lots of tables and take outs. The restaurant and restrooms are clean.
Great restaurant and introduction to Filipino cuisine. The food ordered was delicious. Restaurant was clean with a more commercial restaurant chain decor. good service. I will be back with my family.
"We were craving crispy pata so off we went to Max's in Burnaby. Parking was a challenge to find in the rain (underground and across the street). 

Leo was our server- very polite and efficient. Food didn't take long to arrive. Crispy pata was spot on - the skin was perfectly crunchy and the tilapia Laing was oh so delicious! Ordered their buko pandan dessert and was very happy with our late lunch experience. 

Reasonably priced and very good representation of Filipino specialties."
Every time I visit Vancouver, I stop by Pinpin to indulge my craving for Filipino comfort food. If you're into seafood, definitely try the Inihaw na Pusit, which is a large whole grilled squid, thinly sliced. Many other dishes on the menu evoke fond memories, but there's one that really stands out: halo-halo, a shaved ice dessert that transports me right back to my childhood summers in Manila.
4 star worthy for a pretty good Filipino resto in Vancouver.  My most memorable dish was actually the dessert which was the Buko Pandan Sherbet. I think this tops any halo halo I've ever had. Just simple and delectable.  Their bbq pork was also delicious, chicken inasal was good.  Crispy Binagoongan - it's worth getting.   Service was nice.  Really wished they didn't close their location in Surrey. Overall satisfied my Filipino food craving.
My favourite Pinoy restaurant in Vancouver!!! I love their Kare-kare! Not a fan of their fried chicken though.
Whoh! I didn't expect that! The quality and flavours was a definite surprise. Try the BBQ meats. Highly recommend!
"A chat with a friend and I'm craving Filipino food.  A check of my bookmarks reminds me that I'd wanted to try this place, but the few times we'd been by here - it was blocked.   With good reason.   Delicious.

Squid.   AMAZING.  (Pic: http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/_FNETIpl9zRXbDE1itXoUw?select=mUXbLk2kNpDcVT6g9P7yfg#7OtT7937kcyiooaL7ioCqw )

Pancit.  Decent.  (Pic: http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/_FNETIpl9zRXbDE1itXoUw?select=mUXbLk2kNpDcVT6g9P7yfg#mUXbLk2kNpDcVT6g9P7yfg  )

Cassava cake.   I love cassava.   It's awesome and this was a lovely piece of cassava cake and the perfect way to end the meal.  (Pic: http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/_FNETIpl9zRXbDE1itXoUw?select=mUXbLk2kNpDcVT6g9P7yfg#-2w-nOGJ94W-LPnTmgZBUA  )

The menu was large and diverse and I'm going to come back and try lots more dishes in the near future.   

______________________________
*Review 422 / 365 personal challenge"
"I'm impressed. Good Filipino restaurants in general are hard to find, but this has to be one of the best ones I've eaten at. Quality of the food was great as compared to most other Filipino food joints. We had the following items:

pork sisig: WOW! this is my first time having this. While you can feel how unhealthy it is, you can taste the perfection of chopped up crispy pig face.

sinigang na bangus: Not bad, not great.. Not as sour as I normally like my sinigang, but still decent. 

crispy pata: Just like the pork sisig, it hurts so good :)

string beans & squash in coconut milk: This was real good. Diversity of flavors and texture was nice. 

Lecheflan: Nice and creamy, just how I like it

One thing I've noticed about other Filipino restaurants is the price. I don't know why these other places charge so much, but PinPin was definitely more on the affordable side and definitely tasty."
This place is the place to go if you are craving some Filipino food that you don't want to make yourself! I can make a handful of what's on the menu here, but they make it quick and so delicious, it's nice to get the day off. Make sure to keep here and a good time as there is always a wait. Hands-down my favorite dish is the Seafood Kare-Kare. My hubby likes the Pork Sisig, The Crispy Pata and the Lechon Kawali. All PORK! But they do offer other dishes that are just as amazing! For price, time, quality and service. PinPin is the place to go for anyone or a filipino!
Best Filipino Restaurant in Vancouver! I love their Bicol Express and Sizzling Sisig. Nom nom! Cheap and good quality. Friendly and always smiling staff. They also do catering. And they have a lot of parking spaces at the back or on the street.
Had dinner with 5 friends and our experienced was good.Food is great except for Crispy Sisig so I don't recommend that. Pork Barbecue is very soft and delicious. Crispy Pata is the best. Laing is a bit lack of ginger. And my favorite is their huge Halo-Halo which is good for 10 to 15 people. Will definitely go back here and I recommend to try this restaurant.
"This is an all time favorite for my family and our friends.  I especially like their crispy pork sisig and Crispy Pata (fried pork knuckles) paired with Garlic rice.  Yum!

Try to visit during the week, when it's not as crowded. Weekends, especially Sunday lunch, are so crowded.  People flow out of the restaurant because of the big crowd.

My aunt loves coming here for their Lomi (thick noodle soup) and their Halo-Halo (shaved ice dessert).

The portions are big and are all meant to share.  Whenever we have a big group, we get their grilled combo.  It comes with grilled fish, pork belly, pork bbq, etc.  

Be ready to use your hands. It's the best way to eat the pork knuckles."
They have the best pork bbq and crispy pata in town. Although, I find their their pork Sisig to be too dry and all pork skin. Their Pandan sherbet is a must try.
"Bookmarked this place 2 days ago and happened to walk by it while running errands today! The aromas emanating from its kitchen and wafting out to the street caused us to salivate, so we stopped in for a late lunch. Coincidentally I was with one of my Filipino friends. It wasn't planned, I swear.

Every table was a filled even though it was past regular lunch hours and they were all occupied by Filipino families, a very good sign indeed. We had the lumpia shanghai appy (small crispy spring rolls with a sweet & sour dip) which were decent according to my friend but not as good as the ones at Goldilocks. The pancit canton was authentic and saucy, the way I like my noodles. However, the pork sisig was very disappointing. It is the basic traditional sizzling plate but the proportion of crackling to pork was too high and it was debatable as to whether there was any actual meat in the dish. It was also bland and not at all spicy. 

Dessert made up for the sisig and more! The leche flan was amazingly creamy and custardy, and one of the best that my friend has tried. The halo halo was massive, 3 or 4 people could easily share this, and it was very refreshing. To get it with ube (purple yam) ice cream, it was an extra $2 so we just got it with vanilla ice cream.

All in all, large portions, great prices and I will be back to try the rest of the desserts and something other than the pork sisig from their extensive menu."
"Never had Philippino food but am familiar with their lumpia (tiny spring rolls) and cassava cake hmmm. Tried their adobo chicken on rice and that was delicious with the vinegary sauce. Had a noodle dish that was very gelatinous for my liking and was not a fave.
Restaurant is quite busy with families and mostly Filipino diners so it is authentic for sure. They won't seat your party unless everyone is here but I am sure if you are regulars you can definitely bypass this."
"If Pinpin were a radio station, it'd be KPIG, ""All Pork, All The Time.""

That's not a bad thing, necessarily, although if your intention is to live long and prosper, you might want to limit your visits to special occasions.  The sisig is one delicious, sizzling mass of crispy bacon-like goodness.  Watch out for the occasional chunk of Thai pepper, and if you decide to eat the fresh pepper garnish, don't say I didn't warn you.

Garlic rice is another must-have, and then there is the chicken adobo, better than most places' pork adobo and a nice alternative to pork, pork, and more pork.  I especially liked that the adobo is served with lots of sauce; I hate the places that just fish out the meat and throw it on a plate.

My girlfriend and I couldn't eat the big-as-your-head grande halo halo, much as I wanted to see it.  We ""settled"" for sharing the regular halo halo and couldn't finish that, either, not on top of the other gluttony we'd endured here.  I've had better halo halo but it was topped with a honkin' scoop of ube ice cream that made it plenty good enough.

In summary, if you're jonesing for a meat fix and you want something a bit different than the usual, Pinpin will do you right."
"Great tasting and authentic! Relatively big servings but a bit pricey. Servers are very nice, except they served us a sago and gulaman without sago because they were out and they refused to take it back after telling us they were out of sago.  so next time we ordered a desert, we had to make sure to ask first, in case any ingredients were missing.  And true enough - they were going to serve us kutsinta with coconut without the coconut.  
But overall, it was a great experience. I would recommend eating in groups but be prepared to wait. Lots of people for a small place.  Lots of deep frying going on...not enough selection of vegetables, though."
"This is a spot that was on my bucket list for a long time. We came with another couple and ordered a ton of dishes. I was surprised by the flavour as many reviewers mentioned a unique flavour. I didn't find any of the dishes we ordered to have this unique flavour. 

We had the lumpia shanghai, sitaw at kalabasa sa gata, garlic rice, seafood kare kare, the crispy minced pork and a noodle dish that I can't remember the name of. This was more than enough food for 4 people and we did have some leftovers.

Overall I found the food to be good. It's not as rich and flavourful as dishes in other cultures and most things are deep fried in some way. This is a great restaurant if you don't like spicy food or foods that are super strong and rich flavoured but have more of a subtle flavour. This was my first time have filipino food and I found it to be good overall."
"We came here once with a pretty big group of friends and we ordered several dishes. The dishes are not big and it ranges around $14 to $20 a dish. My most memorable dish was the desert. Halo Halo. My first time to have Halo Halo was here. The desert portion was huge and we got the largest one which is almost like the size of my head to share. After that I loved halo halo.

They have lots of BBQ dishes here. very flavorful and tasty. I don't know any other Filipino restaurants other than this one and Goldilocks. The size of their dishes are not big.

Love this place. Also for big group please make a reservation. They don't accommodate a lot of big group often and the place is not big."
"Delicious Filipino food, nice ambiance,  good service and the prices are pretty decent.  This place is definitely better than Max's for the price and portions alone. I love their Bicol Express. The pork was nice and tender in the rich and spicy coconut milk sauce. Their Bopis delicious as well, nicely seasoned and it tasted fresh. The fish sinigang reminded me of my mom's cooking. The Java rice and chicken bbq was a hit with the little kids. 
 Will definitely have to come back to Pinpin more often."
clean place------parking is not so good....servers are awesome....polite and friendly-- service is good..washroom clean.....presentation of food is good.....i will come back again....we take out of town visitors here that crave the pinoy foods
"My relatives from Seattle wants some filipino foods for our lunch so i brought them here because this is one of the nearest pinoy restaurant where i lived.....small place and always busy,i never come here that i will get a seat right away....this time we were so lucky that our wait was just 5 minutes,,,good timing.....

Decors is Filipino inspired,noise level is average...wifi is powered by shaw so again with my phone it will never works well...neat place tables are so clean,the floor is clean aswell....

Service is just average actually there were two mistakes in our orders but since we were so hungry we just ignored it....fast service...food quality is good...we had the crispy pata,the pork sisig,the pancit palabok,the lumpiang sariwa and the kare-kare,,,,,plus rice ofcoarse.....we didnt try any dessert coz we are so full already but im sure coz i tried lotsa them before...they were so delish......

Sumtotal we had a nice and pleasant experience,we are so full.....infact i had to to go some of the foods .....

location of the place is good...its infront the bus stop...if you are driving street parking is available......plus a huge parking at the back for all the resto and shops within 3-4 blocks.....

the palabok is good that is one of my favorite filipino dish...im loving it.....the kare kare?the sauce was so thick...and it tasted like so much peanut butter on it but the meat was so tender and yummy plus the bagoong the shirmp  paste...awesome...the sisig was a bit dry...the lumpiang sariwa was so good the flavors and the sauce plus the garlic really matches.....portion were generous.....crispy pata?well sad to say other pinoy eatery is a lot better......"
"This is where we go when we want good homestyle Filipino food in Vancouver and don't want to cook it ourselves and get oil splattered all over our forearms/kitchen floors  :)  Conveniently, it's a few blocks away from our eyebrow-threading place so we usually hit both in the same trip -- get fierce brows, finish up with some Pinpin!

Our family has a list of must-haves when we go, which saves us time looking over the multi-page menu. Why order food you can easily make at home, right? We order the labour-intensive dishes and the dishes that are violently splattery when you fry them (there are a lot of these in Filipino cooking). Our staples are the laing, sisig, crispy pata and lechon kawali... pork overload but oh so good! We've tried the hototai soup (heavy on the cabbage, light on the meat) and the tahong ala pobre (the mussels were not as sizzly as I expected, more steamed/soupy) but these were nothing to write home about. I'd like to try their seafood dishes -- I try to avoid cooking this at home since everything smells fishy afterwards. I'm surprised there's no dried fish on the menu. There aren't very many veggies as sides on your main dish, in true Filipino style.  :)  An order of rice is generous and comes in an ice bucket, which is strange but works! The rice is piping hot till the end of your meal, if it can last that long.

Service is cheerful and fast. A couple of years ago, the strangers at the next table had to pass you your order since the staff couldn't reach the tables by the wall and the restaurant was super cramped. Thank goodness Pinpin expanded into the space next door, since there's now twice the restaurant space. Even with twice the dining space, there is always a line! It's clean and sparsely decorated. Parallel park on Fraser or in the parking spaces in the alley parallel to Fraser (behind all the shops)... it can get kind of hairy. If calling in for take-out, note that not all menu items are available all the time so it's best to check.  

Definitely my favourite Filipino restaurant in Vancouver/Seattle and worth the 3 hour drive north! Ang sarap-sarap!"
I really like their kowat baboy, it is quite delicious. I also tried their tamarind soup and it was ok. My husband ordered one of the noodle dish and it is quite disappointing and the grilled squid is alright. The restaurant is quite busy during lunch.
"This is always a busy restaurant. Don't forget it always closes on a Monday.  I was very disappointed going to PinPin this time.   I been there for like 30x or more.  The food was always good, & service.  But this time. I saw a uncleaned squid in two of them. I know prepcooks area different but keep the good ones and get rid of the bad ones.   lol  the other table didn't have that problem. It was only two of my squids that weren't cleaned, they had the white plastic in them, was yucky.  The owner/manager didn't do anything about it, or appologized. but the young waitress did, she was nice.   I guess i will go to Max Flippino Restaurant 3546 kingsway.  Either restaurants. u should get a reservation because all ways full.  I like Max better than Pin Pin because, service is good, and food is good and washroom is always clean. 

**All restaurants should get a reservations , cause everywhere is so busy."
"Whenever I get homesick and crave Filipino food, and just plain lazy to cook, Pin pin is my go to place! Located near Buy Low Grocery along Fraser st in East Vancouver, this place is popular among immigrants from the Philippines, Canada born Filipinos, and halfers.

During weekends, this place can get crazy busy.  I love their crispy pata (deep fried pork leg), pancit bihon (rice noodles with lots of vegetable/meat toppings), and inihaw na liempo (barbequed pork belly that's been cut to bite sized pieces).  

For those who want to try out Filipino food, it would be safe to start with lumpiang shanghai and chicken adobo with plain or garlic rice. 

For the more adventurous foodie, I've always loved letting non Filipino friends try kare kare and dinuguan! 

Owned by a nice & friendly Chinese-Filipino couple, I hope they open another branch in Richmond! The all Filipino waitstaff is always friendly but sometimes can be a hit or miss when it comes to service. 

Highly recommended!"
"This place is a jewel of Vancouver. The best Filipino in Vancouver the Bbq platter is a thing of beauty. A little of all the best flavors of the Philippines.
The Pusit ( Grilled Squid )is amazing with a beer -San Miguel"
"Awesome filipino food! I agree with everyone here, this may be one of the best places for filipino grub in Van!

 All the dishes we had were really solid, and very well priced! A HUGE plate of crispy pata was only $12.50, talk about a total steal! We were stuffed and ended up having enough food for the next 2 meals LOL

The place is really clean, newly renovated by the looks of it and well organized. The waitresses were polite, prompt, and hygienic (haha they had hair nets!)

By the time we left there was already a HUGE lineup congregating outside the door...shows how popular this place is, and for good reason!"
"Honestly, it's really hard to find delicious Filipino food that's outside of my parent's or grandparent's house. That's my opinion at least. But Pinpin comes pretty damn close to what home-cooked Filipino food should taste like. 

It was my first time eating at Pinpin, but I've heard about this spot from my parents on numerous occasions. 

During my first trip here, I expected the food to be similar to many of the other Filipino restaurants I've been to - mediocre. But, they proved me wrong. I came with my family and between the 4 of us we ordered the crispy pata, palabok, pinakbet, bbq chicken skewers, and lumpia Shanghai. It was more than enough for all of us. For dessert we also ordered the small halo-halo. Have to get a little bit of savoury and a little bit of sweet, of course.

Service was attentive and even though we came in 20 minutes before close, they were very kind and efficient. On that note, even 20 minutes before close the restaurant was still fully packed. So that says a lot about them.

Hats off to you, Pinpin. Keep it up!"
"I love Pinpin for their food and service. Their food is very high quality and their quantity is also very good. I also find their prices affordable. Several months ago, the prices were much cheaper than it is today but I still don't mind paying for great food. The price for each dish has increase by $5-20. I think the fiesta shouldn't be $59 but I suppose the cost for ingredients aren't getting cheaper. Their mini Shanghai spring rolls are so delicious - fresh, juicy and hearty. A dozen is about $8 - I totally think this is worth every penny. Their crispy pork binagoonan (pork with eggplant and samba) is a must - try. It is a bit salty but you have the option of leaving aside their sambal which usually adds to the saltiness of the dish. Pancit canton (egg noodles, shrimp, chicken and veggies) is one of my favourites. 
Their customer service is great, however, they can be rushed during really busy times. What I love is how they respond to your needs - we love a side sauce made of soy sauce, vinegar, lemon and chilli; so every time we go there, they know exactly what to get. 
If I were to give some constructive feedback, I'd like to see their ceiling by the refrigerator fixed. Having that portion of the ceiling open is quite yuck. I also highly recommend split billing - it's an inconvenience for friends who go there to eat and aren't able to pay for their meals themselves. I also wish, hope and pray that they are able to add lechon baboy (whole roast pig) and lechon manok (roast chicken) to their menu, even if it's just one day per week. 
Overall, great staff and great food. I am a regular and I'll continue to go here unless their quality and service is compromised."
Pin pin is amazing, my two friend and I went for a quick lunch before heading to class. We order the deep fried pork hock, the pork sisig and the garlic rive. The garlic rice was so flavofrful and you could tell that they actually put a ton of garlic in the rice because our breaths smelt so muxb like garlic after the meal. The large pork sisig was crispy but incredibly saucy and rich without being overly oily, and the egg made it extra delicious! The deep fried pork hock Was generous portion wise and while some of it was over fried and a little dry most of it had crispy skin and a juicy, moist and meaty filling, so delicious, a must try when you're at pin pin. The service was great and our iced waters were Always filled. One tip: the don't split bills so one person needs to pay and you can split Amon everyone else and pay the person back  :)
"Crispy Pata!!! Love it....always  and sisig!!!  can't enough of delicious Filipino food 
Highly recommended ‍"
"My first exposure to Filipino cuisine and a thoroughly enjoyable experience.  I'm a bit shocked I haven't tried it before given my carnivorous appetite (and the fact that I often get confused for being Filipino) - if you enjoy eating swine, PinPin will have pork every which way.

We had planned for a large dinner party and they refused to let us sit until our entire group had arrived.  We thought the waitress was just being a hag until we noticed that this policy was posted on the door and how busy this place was.  It was packed to capacity with Filipinos and it was understandable that they didn't want 'squatters'.

Once the stragglers arrived, we were seated and decided to do it up family-style.  Many of us had never had Filipino food before and some of the group were intimidated by the explicit entree descriptions, so the vets decide on the following:

 - lumpia Shanghai - spring rolls - $4.95
 - sisig - chopped pork w/ onion & lemon - $9.50
 - inihaw na pusit - grilled squid
 - inihaw na baboy - grilled marinated pork
 - inihaw na tadyang ng baka - grilled beef shortribs w/ special sauce - $15.95
 - lechon kawali - deep fried pork belly w/ skin - $7.95
 - bicol express - spicy pork strips in coconut milk - $8.50
 - pork binagoonan - pork w/ eggpant simmered in shrimp paste - $8.50
 - java rice - $5.95 (large)
 - house special fried rice - $8.50

Everyone got to sample a bit of everything.  I thought all the dishes were solid - but the java rice, inihaw na baboy, lechon kawali, pork binagoonan were the standouts for me.  In other words, I liked the rice, pork, pork and pork.  Being a Chinese roast pork aficionado, the lechon was very different than what I was used to.  The skin was crispy but not as juicy due to the deep-frying but I liked the texture.  The sisig is listed on the menu as 'chopped pork with onion and lemon' and I didn't understand how it was so crunchy until my Filipino buddy whispered to me I was eating chopped fried pig face.  Whispered because it may have initiated some gags around the table - but it just brought a sadistic smile across my face.

The common theme amongst the dishes: meaty, rich, salty and savoury.  After a few bites, most of us scoured the menu for the beer choices - then we were informed the restaurant was not licensed.  This was ideal beer food and nary a San Miguel to be found.  If PinPin served beer, it would have been over for me.

The portions are a good size for the money and I want to come back to try the monstrous fried pork hock (crispy pata) that had me drooling from across the room.  PinPin is homestyle cooking and best enjoyed family-style, but they also have value meals which include soup, rice and a mini-sized entree for about $9.  A good option if you want to do take-out and supply your own San Miguel.

If you're scared by words like 'tripe', 'hock', 'lungs', 'heart' and 'blood' -- don't read the menu and just point at one of the entree pictures that appeal to you."
"Alright, I don't really have much to say about this place except that it's good for large groups. I usually only come here with bigger groups because the portions are insanely huge and are meant to be shared. (not a bad thing) 

Not to worry there are ""value meals"" so you can get literally one person meal size portions. 

No comment on the food, it wasn't bad wasn't amazing. I often think that maybe there food isn't to die for is because they make so much of it and in large portion that quantity over quality? Just a thought. 

No bad reviews from me though."
"I love Filipino food. Crispy pata is a must try. SO fresh. SO crispy. I cannot express how great this dish is.

If you're craving for some Filipino food or curious about trying Filipino food - Pinpin is the place to go."
"I come here mainly for one thing - crispy pata! (A look around the restaurant, I see this dish on almost every table too!) The crispy pata is definitely a must order! I love eating the crispy skin along with some soft fat as it has so much texture when I bite into it, it is truly crispylicious! We also got the sisig (chopped pork with onion and lemon) which is absolutely rice's soul mate. However, I did find that having two dishes of crispy pork was a bit too much. Even though I really liked both dishes, I prefer the crispy pata over the sisig because the sisig is a tad too salty for me (hence have it with some rice). Garlic rice from this restaurant tastes so good! If you're here with your date, make sure he/she eats some too so you're not the only one with garlic breath.

For soup, we got the hipon sinigang (tamarind soup base) which had a tangy taste, and I found to be especially refreshing. It was really nice to have this along with the fried crispy prata and sisig. Finally, we also got a vegetable dish - asitaw at kalabasa sa gata (string beans and squash in coconut milk), which I found to be mediocre. Not too much excitement in this dish, but went well with rice as well. 

In summary, get the crispy pata. Garlic rice, too."
"Maybe it's because I'm not sure how to order here but besides that I would expect some seasoning consistency. Like I found the fried pork belly dish to be bland, the creamed yam leaves dish too salty, ox tail and tripe stew type of dish was in this yellow sauce that lacked substance, the ox tail meat itself was tasteless, like it was boiled in a lot of water.

Lemon grass chicken was cooked quite dry... Like I said, maybe it's my expectations but for the line up this place gets, I figured there would be a dish or two that could stand out on it's own."
I don't normally eat filipino food but it is definitely under rated for those that don't know too much about it. Found this hidden gem on fraser street in Vancouver. Not too sure if there are other places that serve authentic dishes in the area but i would say my experience here was great. We got the crispy pata and the fried chicken. The crispy pata was amazing; juicy and flavorful, crunchy and just the right amount of fat to meat ratio. If you know me, i love the knuckles, cartilage and all the parts by the bones itself so this was almost heaven for me. The sauce that comes with it a vinegar type dip and it went super well, cutting any of that extra fattiness you may find in the dish itself. For me, the oilier then better but haha. The fried chicken was also really good. Surprisingly it wasn't dry like I thought it would be. I would say this is a different environment considering a lot of places in our area are chinese style food, cafes, etc. On another note, we had leftovers too and also took the huge pork bone home so we could make our own ramen broth. This is a place i would go back when I'm craving that hearty deep fried feel of food. The staff was also really friendly. I also saw almost every table order the squid so when i go next i'll be ordering that as it looked amazing.
"The food is great, very flavorful but also quite salty. You can feel the salt.

Best place for laing, period. Other filipino fares are fantastic, too, love the sisig and crispy pork binagoongan.

Waitresses were helpful, no attitudes, which is one of the things that differs this one from other filipino eateries.

If only it wasn't on Fraser Street where traffic is unpleasant and parking is a pain in the tush."
"The restaurant must have heard/read horrible reviews because this was a totally different restaurant today. The menu is significantly smaller and there's more servers around to help, take orders, etc. It's either that or coming at 6pm or a Thursday might mean less people? In any case, it was a nice change. 

here's a run down:

- Sago drink was wayyyyyy too sweet for me. Maybe it's meant to be that ridiculously sweet but I watered it down so much because I definitely don't have a sweet tooth. That drink could send you to a dentist! 

- The calamansi juice was so good wish the slushee ice. YUM!

- The soft wrap vegetarian lumpia roll in that sauce was really unique. The other place I had it it was deep fried in small spring rolls so this was a surprise. It was nonetheless delicious.

- The garlic rice was yummy. I'd order that again.

- The rice noodle pansit was really good according to my girlfriend. I wouldn't know.

- The mixed vegetables were good. A good medley of veggies which were tasty and cooked perfectly. I mean it is difficult to mess up veggies, no?

- The ""meat loaf"" was SOooooooooooo good. I've had it here once and it's as good as before. Yum yum yum! 

- The crispy pata was a total letdown. The portion was HUGE compared to another Filipino restaurant and cheaper....but that's where my love for it ends. The pata was crispy but overcooked in my opinion. The skin just wasn't as amazing as the other place. Their soy vinegar dip thingy was also not as flavorful nor did it have the same punch to complement the meat. I love pork hock but I was disappointed with this one. The actual meat was good but the skin was just not as good as the other place. I'd come back again to try other dishes, but definitely wouldn't waste my time with the pata - that craving will be rectified elsewhere."
I came across this place when an aunt brought some food home. I like a wide variety of food and this is one of the places that offers real good, authentic Filipino food. The food is tasty and always delicious. The price is mid-range, with large serving portions. It's flavorful and has so much good aroma. The staff are friendly and always smile. I feel like the restaurant could use an upgrade, aesthetic-wise, but all good for now. It's clean, cozy and authentic. I will go here again!
"So yummy and so filling honestly closest to what a filipino dish should exactly taste like. I remember my mom and I coming here for the first time ever and we got shared the ""inihaw fiesta"" I guess it was a bit of everything grilled and it was way awesome. Today is my second time coming to pinpin and it was so good!! The servers are very nice! I spilled lots of water by accident (I can't pour water apparently) and they cleaned it up right away! We wanted soy sauce and they got it right away for us! My friend and I ordered the lechon kawali, pork sisig, and the sinigang baboy! The lechon kawali was so good especially with the lechon sauce they give you on the side (my friend personally prefers soy sauce as dip) I find that the lechon kawali tastes better when its freshly served and warm. It gets meh when it turns cold (but I think that applies to most foods that have cooled down) The pork sisig was yummy! I personally like the lemon juice on my sisig (they add a lemon wedge) and the sinigang was spot on sour if you love your sinigang sour na sour (translation: very very sour) The baboy was soft and it sucked up some of the soup which was good. I do wish the dasheen/taro root was a bit softer but maybe that's just personal preference. All costs $26 each (we split the bill) Honestly worth it! It's filling, yummy, and you can bring some left overs home! Everything was a 10/10 NGL It's way better than Max's Filipino Restaurant :$ (No offence) Pinpin all the way! Definitely coming here as my go-to filipino food place."
"Pinpin Restaurant is a long-established Vancouver restaurant where Filipino locals love bringing their visitors, large groups plan to gather, and families go to enjoy each other's company. It's also rare to see any sort of presentation to serving these dishes, but they do it very nicely here.

My biggest advice is to go with a large group, as the best dishes are served family-style...and there's a LOT you're going to want to try here. My personal favourites are:

- seafood kare-kare: a meat & veggie stew in a savory peanut sauce (with shrimp paste on the side for extra flavouring)

- Lechon Kawali: crispy fried pork belly that's cut up and DELICIOUS

- Inihaw Fiesta: a family-style platter with an assortment of BBQ grilled meats (pork skewers, mussels, squid, pork belly and a whole tilapia)

Surprisingly, one dish I don't recommend is the lumpia shanghai (small deep fried spring rolls). The wrapper had a very nice crunch, but it was almost TOO crunchy...and the filling didn't have much flavour to it.

Expect a very long wait during prime eating days and times, as large parties like to slowly enjoy their food here. Service is always friendly and eager to please, but for some of my visits, the food seemed to take quite a bit longer of a wait than normal (even when it's not busy).

The secret to testing the authenticity of a restaurant's food, is to just simply look around at who is eating it...and this restaurant is ALWAYS packed with many Filipinos!"
"This place is a jewel of Vancouver. The best Filipino in Vancouver the Bbq platter is a thing of beauty. A little of all the best flavors of the Philippines.
The Pusit ( Grilled Squid )is amazing with a beer -San Miguel.
Mind you  It's kind of difficult to order if your not familiar with the terrain. Some times the wait staff can be a bit standoffish which doesn't help. If this was NY they wouldn't survive. Next resto. Plus they  raised their prices. Greedy"
"Probably my favourite Filipino restaurant in Vancouver!! Food is yummy!! If you go with a group of people I recommend the ""Fiesta Platter"" which includes so much food!! Also, if you enjoy pork definitely go for ""Bicol Express"" and ""Crispy Pata"". The food is very similar to authentic Filipino food that you will find at your Filipino friend's mom's place grandmas house. The only reason it is not a 5 is because they can use an upgrade on utensils and a renovation to make it look more aesthetically pleasing."
"I wouldn't necessarily come here if you want set meals like epic grill Silog style. This resto is all dishes. So don't come here if just youre only a set of two going because the portion is big and so is the price.

And coming to a Filipino resto, it's almost so wrong just to have rice and a meat dish. The best thing about eating Filipino food is an assortment of dishes like soup base fried savoury and sweet so if you're on a budget or don't want to spend money on an entire pig, definitely avoid this place.

Waitresses were helpful and kind except one older lady who doesn't seem to be friendly(this is why I'm also giving 3 stars). We came during Father's Day and it was so busy (expected) but the turn around was pretty fast though, so I'm grateful for that.

Seatings on the left side of the resto is so uncomfortable and they literally attached the tables with other families so say you want to use the bathroom you literally have to squeeze through the other families table. Which is terrible. The food was okay. Fried chicken was way too dry! Lumpia was smooshie inside and bland and wasn't that good! Crispy pata was good and bulalo. Fried rice was decent. Grilled Pusit was the best dish we ordered. Over all a good resto but go with a BIG group (I can't emphasize that enough)! Since Filipino families always seek to eat together it's perfect after an event like church or birthdays etc it's good to go to this placr. The portions are generous also."
"Terrific Filipino food in Vancouver, British Columbia.   Our aunt took us to Pinpin Restaurant after picking us up at the airport.  We all were fans of their scrumptious Filipino cuisine.  Some of our favorites were the Fresh Lumpia,  Pusit (Squid), Seafood Kare Kare, and the Sisig.

It is a guarantee that from now on, we will be visiting Pinpin Restaurant whenever we travel to Vancouver.   They are the place to go for fullfilling your Filipino food craving."
This is my go-to place for Filipino food in Vancouver. Food is very tasty and reasonably priced. At first it looks a little expensive, but the portions are generous. My favorite is the Crispy Pata. I can't go there without ordering it. Their fried fish is delicious too. Their Kare-Kare is pretty good, too (but not as good as my Mom's - LOL).
"Oh the infamous Pinpin. Being half Filipino this is the first time (other than the Philippines) that I've eaten out at a Filipino restaurant. Do they cook better than my mom? Of course not, but they do dish out decent fare.

We ordered up Tuna pork sisig (chopped crispy pork and tuna flakes on a sizzling plate) and Pancit palabok (rice noodles in special sauce w/ shrimp, tofu, and hardboiled egg). The sisig was nice and crispy, however a wee bit on the salty side. That reminds me, only recently did I realize that Filipino food is NOT healthy! Tons of fried and sodium rich dishes, but the flavours are too hard to resist.

The Pancit was packed with flavour, definitely mom-worthy. I was told by a friend to order the Java rice so I did. Hearing the name I thought coffee rice what? It's actually orange coloured, and who knows what's in it. But it definitely ranks up there on rice flavours.

I wish I had room for dessert, the photos brought back childhood memories of the typical massive foodfests known as Filipino potlucks. 

One star off for the cafeteria-like service. The girl that seated us didn't say a word, just stuck up two fingers. Maybe she was a mute."
"We came here on a Friday around 5:30PM, just in time to beat the dinner crowd. Parking on Fraser is limited but there are plenty of spots in the back. The restaurant has 2 dining rooms but both filled up pretty quickly after we arrived. Supposedly this is one of the better Filipino restaurants in Vancouver with a lot of authenticity. For what it's worth, the staff all spoke Tagalog (Filipino dialect, I think).

We ordered the Inihaw Fiesta (grilled BBQ dish with squid, honey glazed pork on a stick, pork belly, mussels, and a fish), sinagang (a sour and tasty soup), and panct palabok (noodles with a mix of shrimp and pork and vermicelli). The Inihaw Fiesta was delicious and savory. The honey glazed pork is probably the closest thing an American can find here to BBQ. The sweet fulfilling bite of meat is served generously, there are 4 shish kebob sticks of pork. The squid was chewy but had a nice grilled smokiness to it. The fish, not sure if it was a Tilapia or some other type of fish, was served whole and is grilled while wrapped in a giant lotus leaf. The fish was great, not your typical Chinese style steamed fish with soft and flakey meat, this was drier and more robust. The fish was also pretty easy to eat, not many bones to navigate.

This was my first Filipino dining experience. And I had a blast! The palabok noodles and honey glazed pork are the closest things I can relate to in Western dining so if you do not want to venture too far, I would recommend those items in particular. 

By the way, we spent about $90.00 CAD, for 3 people, and we had a TON of leftovers. We had ordered 3 entrees, with a bucket of rice (they give you a canister filled with rice, which I think can be appropriately called a bucket). And with each entrée enough for 2 people, you can easily pack a bunch of dishes to take with you. YUMMY!"
"I still prefer the pork sisig at Hapag Ihaw-Ihaw Restaurant! I find that they do it the best over there.  I find that the Pork Sisig at Pin Pin's is pretty good. It's a lot crispier than Hapag. Different but a good kind of different. 

The pork sisig here is very expensive as well. Not sure if that's the normal price range. But $20 for pork sisig is a little much in my opinion. A little scared what their other dishes might cost 

Ambiance is nothing special to write home about. It's average at best. I did not eat in here so I can't really say about the service. 

The phone call I had with the lady on the line when I placed my order. She seemed ""ok"" maybe a little bit rushed but perhaps that's due to the lunch hour and lots of people are either waiting to be seated or waiting for their dish or waiting to pay. So I don't blame the lady who sounded rushed. 

Location is central in the city. This is around the Fraser neighborhood. No Skytrain station is even close to this restaurant. So it's best to drive here. 

The parking lot behind Pin Pin used to be free. And now it's no longer free. Paid parking lot. There are still some free parking to be had in the neighborhood. No parking limitations just yet. A little bit of walking is required. But not much. 2-5 min walk at most to the restaurant depending on how far you've parked in the neighborhood. 

Restaurant is fairly clean from what I can see. 

I prefer Hapag, but Pin Pin isn't a bad alternative for Filipino food in the city. I think there are better Filipino dining options though. 

My breakdown:
Food 4/5
Price 2.5/5
Location 3/5
Service 3/5
Ambiance 2/5"
"the Festival takes place on the best of the longer weekend in spring time in a relaxed atmosphere awashed by the great nature scenery that is of the superbly manicured Franklin Conservatory Park. The people are gentle, friendly, not drunk like people in other festivals in town, there are also a lot of Caucasian visitors coming from Europe, England, France, Germany, Spain, Israel, Russia, Alaska and elswhere...they are probably here in town visiting their family and friends but made good choice to attend; so the Festival had gone global in a sense and not just confine to one or two countries but at least 50+ countries involved.. I lost count.
The food is ofcourse excellent nothing can be compared, I've been  ripped off at the ribs-fest(rip-fest) with their boiled ribs and dogs covered with thick gooey sauce before and never again, I'd prefer getting ripped off by the variety of tasteful asian food any time of the days, weeks and years :); the entry is free(not charging you $10-$15 like other festivals)so you can afford to bring family and friends, the food very cheap and the park is so huge with multi spots with activities for you and your pet to to freely roam and play, it'll be a great Memorable weekend and always had been."
"First time attending.. It was a fun event.The food was delicious. There was a Healthy Gourmet Vegetable spot that had Bamboo rice that was to die for. Lots of vegan/vegetarian noodles, pad thai, lo mein! If you are vegan you want to ask if they put animal products in because some vegetarian looking dishes had ground beef/chicken that you can't see. The bubble tea was made with non-diary creamer so that was good. 

I only watched the evening performances and the finale by the Punjab people was such an amazing close to the eventful weekend. Can't wait to go next year! 

Some negatives: some people think it is cool to smoke in a family friendly event.... NO! Also, unfortunately there were some youngster disturbing the peace by starting  fights. But that's okay, the police handled it with finesse."
"A celebration of all things Asian takes place over Memorial Day weekend on the beautiful grounds of the Franklin Park Conservatory . More than 15 different countries and cultures are represented, including Bengalis, Burmese, Cambodian, Chinese, Indian, Indonesian, Japanese, Korean, Lao, Malays, Singaporean, Pakistan, Filipino, Thais and Vietnamese. 

The Marketplace is a little underwhelming with vendors selling chatzkes that you can find at any Pier One Imports or bargain store, though some stalls do offer original services or information about different Asian groups and organizations.  

The entertainment schedule is impressive. It's loaded with dancers, actors, singers, drummers, choruses and martial arts groups performing on a few different stages and an outdoor amphiteater throughout the day and evening.  I was mesmerized by the costumes and really enjoyed seeing traditional dances from Cambodia, Burma and Japan, and particularly enjoyed the Bhuddist chanting.    

The ""food court"" area offers the whole gamut of Asian food- which, in and of itself, makes attending the festival totally worth while!  Local Asian resturants set up stalls and serve up some of their best sellers. Tables are strewn around the stages & park, but most folks just plop down in the grass and enjoy their food picnic style.

Across the board, I enjoyed the Asian Festival but was partially annoyed with the effort it took to get there in terms of parking and shuttling.  Other than that, it was worth the effort.  Especially since it is a free festival and family-friendly.  It's a great experience to be exposed to other, perhaps unfamiliar cultures. 

I will definitely go again, but with slightly different expectations."
"Anything that celebrates culture and diversity is a plus in my book - just wish everyone could be on board with culture and diversity.

We've been to the Asian festival every year for the past few years - this year we brought the little guy with us - our five month old was FASCINATED by everything he saw  (Probably would have been fascinated without the festival, but hey...  who knows?) and we all had a good time.  Enjoyed some Filipino food and Indonesian sports and some wooden board breaking.  :-)  It's well organized, just wish the lines for food weren't so long, but hey, which festival doesn't have long food lines?"
"This was our first time visiting the Asian Festival, and overall it was OK.

The website was hard to navigate, but eventually you could find some useful information (especially about parking).  They had several lots available to park in at no charge with shuttles to take you to and from the festival.  There was a bit of a wait for the shuttle on the return, though, but not too bad.

The festival overall had a somewhat haphazard, disorganized ambiance. There was a pretty large outdoor area with assorted vendors including some very non-Asian vendors (State Farm) and marginally Asian (Acura, Honda).  I thought there would be more cute Asian merchandise, crafts, etc. to buy, but there didn't seem to be much in this regard (unless we missed it).  They had a lot of booths with kid-oriented things, and inside there were some cultural displays and a small stage for cultural performances.  

There was a very large outdoor food court of sorts with a whole variety of food and beverages.  We tried two of the egg rolls from a specialty egg roll company (I forget the name).  They were $5 each and mostly stuffed with cabbage rather than meat.  Not terrible but not worth $5.  The Vietnamese iced coffee from a different vendor was also pretty good, but very overpriced for $5 as well for about a Starbucks grande size.

They had a large outdoor stage with continuous performances, but it was just too hot and humid to sit and watch them.  

Overall not a bad experience but far from amazing; maybe they could plan it about a month earlier, though, before the weather gets so hot and humid."
What a fun time! Lots of different foods, desserts and drinks. Plenty of activities going on, shows, live performances, and little shops. Thank God there's plenty of shade available, because it gets hot standing in a line of 30 people waiting to order food. I only gave it 4 stars because parking is a complete joke (just try to get there earlier and pay $5 to park in a lot. It's not worth it driving around for 30 minutes looking for a spot. You're not in the safest area, either.) AND because they need to space everything out. There was thousands of people here, and it's just cramped. I don't mind waiting in line, but 20 to 30 minutes for food is crappy when 1.) it's hot and the sun is beating on you (no shade by food carts) and 2.) since every single food line is 30 people deep, lines start intertwining and people start getting confused. A few times, you could barely move because there's so many people in the food area. All in all, this is a fun place, though. The people are friendly and the food was delicious.   Definitely try the coconut sticky rice, halo-halo, stuffed chicken wings, bubble tea, sesame rolls with munk fish and the red chicken.
"I have been involved the Asian Festival for 20 years and we get larger every year.
We are expecting a fantastic festival this year. Please come and visit the Asian Festival at Franklin Park on May 23 and 24, 2015. We have FREE entertainment, including martial arts, cultural performances and much more. You can experience Asian Culture in Columbus and sample delicious Asian Food. C you there."
"First thing is parking. It is always bad and very unorganized near the festival plus always taken up so most likely you'll be walking a little from your car and even more when you get to the festival but I'm usually getting dropped off anyways lol Kids are always welcome but make sure you have a close eye on them or they'll be gone in the crowd and be careful of the annoying preteens that horse play. : / I usually come on Saturday during early morning or late day since more stuff happens but I suggest going on Sunday if you wanna be around less people/crowd. FOOD! Big portions for cheap. I usually only get rice since I was a vegetarian at the time but I love the bubble tea and this cool tropical fruity drink lol B) There are lots of performances; like martial arts and dancing mainly. They also usually have facts and info on each Asian country in random areas; I also love when they have all the Asian countries come together and walk around the festival. They also have booths where you can buy things from different Asian countries. Some booths can be pricey so make sure you look at most booths before deciding on what to get in case it's cheaper somewhere else. A henna tattoo is also always a must!

It's always nice to have blanket/chair for the grass, bring groups of friends/family makes it more fun and some water/snacks if you don't wanna buy food."
"The sprawling expanse of vendors selling food on a stick and various kinds of fried things and noodles reminds me of an episode of Bizarre Foods. This is the kind of event Andrew Zimmern seeks out. 

One tip: don't pay for parking. We almost did but then found we could park at Wolfe Parke (http://foursquare.com/venue/1552709) for free and take the shuttle over to Franklin Park, also free. At the place where we would've paid to park, we would have walked a lot farther than we did to the free shuttle bus. So don't get trapped in the parking scam. 

There was food from every country you can think of on the Asian continent. I tried some delicious pork on a stick at the Phillipines booth. I went back to find out what it was called and get another and found it was simply barbecue pork. But it didn't taste like any barbecue sauce I've had. It was sweet and savory at the same time. The pork was tender and just the right balance of fat and meat. It was cooked over a fire and had that nice smokey taste. It was delicious. 

I went to a Chinese booth and tried bamboo rice and pan fried bun. The rice was sticky and mushy, almost gelatinous and sweet. It was wrapped in a leaf and tied with a string. There was meat and mushrooms in the center of the rice. It was a little bland. The pork bun was like an egg roll in a doughy sticky bun. Not bad. 

The Lao booth was bad. All the meat was dry, tough and cold. The beef jerky was as chewy as leather. My teeth could hardly handle it. 

Green tea lemonade at the Tea Zone (I think it was called) was delicious. They have a tea shop on Bethel near Microcenter. I may check them out and review them someday. 

The best part was the fried bananas. It was at a booth up near the Tea Zone, I'm not sure what country it was. The banana turns yellow and mushy, like pie filling. It's inside a sweet breading, crunchy on some edges. It's like a fried banana pie. It's awesome and one of the cheapest things at the festival. Three for two dollars. There was also fried taro but it tasted like a dried up turnip. 

Most of all, we went to the festival for the food. I love fairs and festivals. I don't usually go to the entertainment at these things but I thought my little boy might want to check it out. I heard some pretty, new age sounding music at one point and what sounded like Native American (but couldn't have been) chanting and drums before that. The music was quite pleasant. When we finally went to the amphitheater, there were Indian dancers on stage. Their music is usually very irritating but with the bass on the big speakers, it wasn't half bad. My son liked it. Most of the crowd was up dancing and he got up with them and did his own thing. I caught a cute video of it. (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5d5oVwRe34) 

So, all in all it was a fun day out. It was tolerable even in the almost 90 degree heat. There were lots of vendors selling trinkets and jewelry. Some of them very nice. Most of it was standard fair/festival junk. 

One major complaint I did have was finding anything. There weren't maps around, and the program I happened to accidentally find had a very confusing map in it. When I finally found a sign, the arrow looked like it'd been placed by a one eyed drunken dislexic guy who didn't know where anything was. The arrow pointed in an odd direction. We went there for one thing, and we were parched and needed drink badly. We walked around that place for the better part of an hour and never saw a single food or drink booth. We went around in circles before we finally found the food court. A little more careful planning and better marking would make it a better experience. 

I would also add that Franklin Park, not pretty. It's made out to be a beautiful botannical garden. It's just rolling hills of grass and cement walkways. Not impressed. 

+great food
+lots of junk to waste money on
+wide variety of cuisine to try
+music is cool if you're drunk or stoned
-parking is like going down a crowded city street where three ballgames and two concerts are happening at once. Thank god for the shuttle bus. 
-poor planning and layout and no real guidance to find anything
-lots of walking, crowded, hot out."
We have been going to this festival for a few years and we just love it. It's literally the best fest in Columbus...with all the cultural dancing and exhibits- the whole show was so colorful..now in to the food - omg delicious food...there is a Vietnamese food stall that sells the best coffee in town..I waited in line twice in one day and their sandwiches were really good too...this year they had PHO- it was too hot to have it Saturday but I had a change of heart on Sunday and it was delicious..also the Filipino food stalk was good too their sausage links were to die for ...and of course you can't go walk around Asian festival without taro bubble tea
"A bit disappointing to be honest. I was looking forward to going to the Asian festival , but really nothing was really good -- the shops were okay, not to my taste anyway, and the food was pretty ordinary. Basically, most of the food tents had some version of bbq chicken on skewers and some noodle dishes, etc. I was initially excited that they had coconut water and sugarcane juice, but both were big disappointments. The sugarcane was artificially sweetened and tasted like it had gone bad, and the coconut water was not sweet at all. 

The saving grace was that some of the cultural events (music and dance) were performed by kids, and that was nice to watch."
"Where else can you see dancing, singing, and other forms of traditional Asian entertainment all day? That was the best part, and a reason to go. However, the food was kind of disappointing and of American-Asian-buffet quality. Lots of typical items like lo mein and fried stuff on sticks. Food lines were long, and being it was a hot day, not exactly fun. 

The bathroom situation didn't really meet the demands of the crowd either. Porta potty between eating shrimp skewers...eh..sinks are nice sometimes. Actually, sinks are great all of the time. I believe there is a bathroom located in the adventure stage building but the line was so long I never saw it. 

Overall:

Pros:
- entertainment 
- cheap Asian trinkets like stickers of fat cuddly panda bears expressing various emotions
- option to sit under trees and eat fried things in the shade

Cons:
- crowded as F
- not enough bathrooms
- nothing too exciting food-wise
- parking could be a challenge

Would I go to this again? Yes, I think I would, because despite it all, it was a unique cultural experience and not something you can see everyday. However, I probably would wait til late afternoon on the last day to avoid some of the crowd, but still have time to catch some of the celebration."
This is one of the better festivals I have been to and here is why: the awesome location! It was great that we could grab some food then head over to a little hillside and sit under the shade of the trees to enjoy our food without sweating to death under the hot sun. It was also great that they had so many talented performers showcasing their culture through dance and martial arts. The food at festivals is always pricey, and of course crowds of people to meander through, but It was a peaceful enjoyable time with friends nonetheless.
There are a lot of really cool things to look at and buy, the cultural dances and martial arts are cool, but what I was going for was the food.  I have to say that next time I visit I will go for a less conventional line and style of food.  I chose pad thai which was sweet and not hot and just not that good, but the Phillapino trucks food that had no line at all looked very interesting so I think I need to step outside the box next time and try something not so chines take-out style.
"The annual Asian Festival is quite sizable and offers a variety of activities, performances, and, of course, plenty of good eats! Located in beautiful Franklin Park, it is enjoyable to stroll through the area and checking everything out. The event is always popular and draws quite the crowd. 

Performances occur on several different stages and includes dancing, martial arts, singing and more. There are also displays that highlight the various Asian countries, which is a nice touch, since ""Asia"" is a big area to all be all put together in one festival like this.

Parking is offered in a number of lots around the surrounding area, with free shuttles from several of them - check their website for details."
"Holy moly, what fantastic weather for this Fest. This was my first time at AF. So many things going for it! First off, I enjoyed this afternoon way more having this festival being held at Franklin Park (as opposed to Goodale Park). Lots more space to spread out. Tons more shade - with the cool breeze going and bright blue sky, couldn't have asked for better weather. 

A friend and I headed straight for the food vendors first. After taking stalk of all the offerings, I decided on a Philippine dish of Lechon Kawali: Fried Pork and noodles. I wish to the 'inth degree this vender had a restaurant, or even a food truck at least. The cooked pork belly was pure perfection. Cooked to a slightly crisp outside; soft and chewy meat. 100% scrumptious flavor!!

The noodle side dish (that came with the combo) was also great. Not overly seasoned. A perfect ying to yang. I was dying to try a few more dishes from other venders but I was quite full, and time wouldn't permit that plan. 

I definitely will be back next year!!"
"Apparently shots rang out across the street from the festival earlier tonight, prompting it to shut down early. That's too bad, because by the time I'd arrived, all the performances had ceased and everyone was packing up for the night. I was able to get the last of much of the food for cheaper, though! So the chicken adobo, lumpia, and Thai bubble tea I got were all discounted--and delicious at that. Also, Pinoy/Pinay represent!

Now, as I entered the park despite not knowing why people were streaming *out* of the festival, I noticed several people scurrying out of the way of what apparently was a fight that had broken out between two young people, one of Asian descent and the other of African descent. The former was yelling racial epithets at the latter and getting his face socked in as a result. :-( And the Asian kid had a friend with blood streaming from his nose--I mean, really? Of course, then, such violent images have affected my view of the festival somewhat, although if I weren't too busy for the festival's second day then I'd consider going again, but patrons of the event really need to mind themselves, be they of the ""host culture"" or not."
"My first time attending a major festival here in Columbus, and it was one of apprehension, excitement and amusement.

I didn't know what to really expect from the Asian Festival. Funny enough, when I first heard the name being tossed around, I was irked by it. I was born and raised in California, and had lived in Asia for some time. I'm not sure if a clumping of Asian cultures into one festival would be as well received in those areas! It encompasses over half the world's population so I struggle to see how one  festival can truly reflect that diversity and history.

Nonetheless, having been a festival lasting 20 years that aims to showcase the rich diverse cultures of Asian civilizations, I wondered if its intent has shifted at all since its conception. Overall as a festival, it gets the job done. There are plenty of cultural performances, a space where you can learn about immigration patterns of Asian Americans into Columbus (and this I loved!), as well as plenty of food!

It may be my programming senses tingling from my background working with students on college campuses, but the festival itself seems to play on simply food and cultural dance to represent the ethnic diversity among Asians. I did however appreciate the fact that there was a good mix of food, with some being better than others... ie the Indonesian Rendang was not bad, but how did the Okinawa booth not serve Okinawan cuisine? I digress.

I'd like to see this festival expand and change up its programming a bit. Aside from simply presenting itself as an introduction to Asian cultures, perhaps detail more of current struggles of Asian Americans or invite community organizations around Columbus and the Midwest that work with these populations to come and educate the community.

Asian culture is more than just food and dance, and I would love to see new steps be  taken to strengthen and grow Columbus as a whole.

It's a family fun event, but let's take it a little bit further next year."
"I really enjoy the Asian Festival. (Though I miss the days when I could just walk a block from where I lived to get there . . . ). There are booths representing many Asian countries and they're happy to tell you about where they're from--we learned this past time about a Filipino board game when we popped into the tent for the Philippines. I kind of wish we had a place where people just gathered to play board games outside and sip coffee. Is there such a place in Columbus? Please send me a message if you know of such a place.

One of the biggest draws is obviously the food. THE FOOD. IT IS SO GOOD. I had halo-halo for the first time, a Filipino dessert with shaved ice, evaporated milk, and various sweet bits like candied purple yams, jellies, and flan. The same booth also had adobo chicken, ribs, and other meats that smelled off. the. chain. (Or that could have been the Yakitori place right next to it that smelled so good. Or both. Everything smelled great.)

The website always has a long list of performances and events going on. You can see dancers and demonstrations. Lots of vendors, too, though I was occasionally confused to see tents being run by white dudes (one booth was being run by white dudes + they were selling shirts with ripped-off artwork that I've seen elsewhere; once we realized those things, they lost a sale). I'd rather only support Asian-run businesses at the Asian Fest."
"This is a great (and free!!!) event that showcases the art, food, dances, and culture of nations from East, Central, and Southeast Asia.  Musicians, performers, and martial artists from around the area (and even around the world) come to perform on the variety of stages over the course of a weekend.  Because they are all happening simultaneously, though, it's really a good idea to come both days.  After all, both admission and parking are free!  

Aside from some fantastic performances, the festival also has a variety of vendors selling typical Asian trinkets, paintings, personalized calligraphy, toys, and even reflexology/ear cleaning/mystic readings.  There's also a big health fair, though that's geared more towards offering a service to Asians in the community.  I would have felt a little uncomfortable trying to use those services as a white lady.

One hall also has a a table for the different cultures represented, typically showing off some of the handicrafts, instruments, clothes, and\or travel brochures of the nation.  

Finally, there is an extensive food court.  Sure, you can get the typical fair food (bourbon chicken), but there are so many cool things to choose!  This last year, my favorite was the stand run by local Filipino ladies serving up the most delicious menudo and adobo I've ever had!  And that coconut-honey thing... mmm!!  

The best thing though is definitely the performances.  Some are a bit amateurish to be sure, but there are also some world-class dancers, singers, and musicians.  One of the highlights is the Bhangra dancers, Nachda Punjab, who encourage audience participation (and give away CDs to the best dancers.  You can also get your pictures taken with them).   Other favorite performances from this year were Indian dancer Ami Majmudar, Japanese guitarist Shohei Toyoda, and the Filipino Fiesta dancers.  

Now, I do have a few complaints.  One is that there is a stage that is in the same hall as the health fair and the cultural exhibits.  Although I appreciate that this hall is the only one out of the sun and in the air conditioning (very important considering how sun burnt I got sitting outside in the amphitheater!), it can also be difficult to hear the performers when there are wailing children echoing across the walls or bashing away on the musical instruments displayed.  It's not a huge problem to be sure, but it is a little distracting.

The other issue I had occurred on the last day of the festival when the events got off schedule.  A performer might run late or not show, so everything would be screwed up.  Perfectly understandable, but I ended up missing a few performances because I was trying to run back and forth from stage to stage and didn't realize that the line-up had been changed.  

Overall, though, I had a fantastic time both days I went, and have every intention of going again the coming year!  Hope the Bhangra dancers are back.  They are ridiculously fun."
"I wasn't really sure what to expect from Ohio's Asian Festival, having grown up in central California and attending the Pacific Rim Festival there.

I looked up the parking situation before heading over, and the boy and I ended up parking at Wolfe Park, which if you can find a spot, is great.  However, Ohioans really need to learn how to park in order to best utilize the space.  The lines in the lot are so faded that people park haphazardly and with huge six foot gaps between their cars; the cop languidly hanging out in his car made no effort to help direct traffic or encourage appropriate parking habits.  

Once in the park, there weren't any signs or maps directing us.  Fortunately it was a nice day so wandering around until we found the tents and stages wasn't too much of a problem.  There were musical performances and dances and martial art demonstrations happening throughout all throughout the day -- a schedule was posted near one of the stages.  Some folks had what looked like festival booklets with lists of vendors and events, but we never found where those were being distributed.  

The Marketplace did have some cool things like bonsai trees, houseplants, artwork, and traditional clothing, although Shawnie is right when she mentions the random knick-knacks and souvenir-type items (although to give them credit, I bet they are made in China -- and yes, many stores in Chinatowns in cities like NYC and San Francisco peddle similar things).  

There was an indoor area where each country had a table to showcase some of their history, contributions, and other notable things.  It was pretty crowded in there, and the poorly compressed music from the indoor stage caused us to leave quickly.

The food court was fun, although pricy ($10 for cold noodles, $5 for boba).  I was a little surprised that there wasn't much in the way of Cantonese food, dimsum, baked baos; however, there was a wide array of other countries which I suppose makes sense for Columbus.  There were a number of stands with barbecues and grilled meats were a top seller.  I was a little concerned about the safety of some of the foods though, since everything was either held in trays over lit (or unlit) chafing dishes, and the cold items may or may not have been held over ice or in insulated bins.  There were also a couple of stands where the workers could not have looked less thrilled to be there (although they were probably teenage kids of the family).

As expected, there were quite a lot of people from diverse Asian backgrounds present as well as the ubiquitous white Ohioans, I was pleasantly surprised to see a large number of Hispanic, African-American, and other non-white families in attendance.  Overall, the attendees seemed to reflect a much more balanced and accurate picture of the American population.  Still, it does make you wonder a little, would a European Festival be as popular and well-attended?  An African Festival?  A South American Festival?  An Australian Festival?  What is it about Asia that makes it seemly acceptable to lump all those countries together, organize a festival, and call it a cultural experience?  And, having been to it, do people now feel like they have  a better understanding and empathy with the people of South Korea, China, Japan, Vietnam, India, etc., or does it only serve to increase the ""exoticness"" of foreign cultures?"
Celebrated my birthday yesterday and I would like to give a big shout out to our server Lori for doing such a great job!!! Thank you!!!
Want some authentic Filipino food? Here you go! My favorite dish is the beef sinigang, and it tastes just like Mom's cooking. The service is a little slow, but they are friendly none the less. I have also tried their Laing - so good!
Great authentic filipino food. friendly staff. TFC on the TV. They even have calamansi juice a must try.
The service and food were fast. Good food like how I remember it! We'll come back definitely!
It is a great Filipino restaurant where you can eat authentic filipino food. My favorite is the Halo-halo a dessert which contain of crushed ice with mixed fruits, beans with ice cream and leche flan on the top.
Craving filipino food around Disney area? this is a good place to get genuine filipino dishes. We specially liked the kilawing kambing and pork sisig.I will definitely go back to this place the next time I'm around the area.
I always find Filipino restaurant whenever I'm traveling. I found this restaurant while vacationing in Orlando and oh boy this by far is the best Filipino food I ever had  warm and friendly service like true Filipino hospitality  I will surely go back next time I visit Orlando. Salamat, Nipa Hut
This has been on my list for awhile. I've been craving authentic Filipino food for sometime and have not had luck in Orlando. Thankfully I was able to locate this place by word of mouth from friends. Staff was very friendly and the food reminded me of grandma's cooking. They are reasonably priced and they provide large portions. The only improvement I would like to see the Halo Halo dessert being a bit more sweet within the liquid. The toppings were amazing. The ice was just a bit much for me.
Pancit is good. Feels like home cooking.  Will check out their breakfast sometime this week.
"Found this gem and hope to frequent it more during our trips to Orlando and Disney, as it is not too far from I-4.  We (the kids and I) started off with an order of Pork Lumpia (Egg rolls) and they came out nice and fresh.  I also ordered a Mango drink with I guzzled right away because it was so good!  The kids practically devoured them and were very impatient on waiting for them to cool off.  I went ahead and ordered one BBQ stick each for all 4 of us, expecting it to be delicious for the high price of $3.99 a piece and 3 buckets of white rice (a la carte) and Pancit Bihon (clear noodles with various seafood and chicken).  The white rice and BBQ stick was a hit and one of the best I have ever had (as I always sample them from various vendors at an annual Philippine Festival).  I was surprised by the Pancit Bihon, as the noodles were very soggy (not like the picture) and made more like a Pancit ""Palabok"".  For most native filipinos, it may not be an issue, but I do not like ""Palabok"" style of Pancit, so take my review for what it is.  The staff was very friendly and speak native Tagalog fluently, but I will say that service was a little slow for not being very busy at 5pm.  I am happy I found this place and look forward to coming back to try more things on the menu, especially their breakfast only menu (served only in the morning)."
The first visit of many more to come. I was skeptical to try this restaurant, which is located in the lobby of Home Suite Homes. I am really glad my brother talked me in to trying Filipino food. We had the Chitcharon Bulaklak and the Pancit Bihon for dinner and then we shared the Halo Halo. All of the food was delicious. I will be returning for more delicious food.
This is my 2nd time in FL and I like the Filipino restua/ place near from Disney World. I recommend this place!
I don't usually write reviews but this restaurant deserves one. For someone that is traveling on a vacation and away from their home this is a nice place to order for take out and dine in. Food is good! We ordered sisig, lechon kawali, sinigang, pansit, chopseuy, boneless bangus, bbq and sinigang na baboy. Serving is huge also. Highly recommended... We will definitely come back!!!!
Great authentic Pinoy food in Orlando.  SARAP! We ordered late-late, Bangus, lumpia Shanghi, garlic rice, and crispy pata. Lahat SARAP! Go!
"Delicious food - just like from home. I had the dasilog breakfast along with some halo halo. Good portions.

I brought some folks with me who never had Filipino food before and Nipa Hut's dishes left them wanting to try more!"
First time here drove over an hours just to try it and I wasn't disappointed all the food was excellent and the service was excellent keep up the good job
My meal; pork lumpia, bicol express (spicy) was outstanding and exactly what I wanted. Other members of my party were VERY disappointed with their meal. One friend says, the oxtails were undercooked and wouldn't touch another bite. So the food side is subjective at best. The service on the other hand, was horrifically bad. I had to interrupt the waitress from counting her tips and arranging her belongings in her purse, to get her to bring out the VERY first appetizer we ordered. ALL the other food for the adults came out before the kids meals came out. We had to remind the waitress to refill our drinks, bring us napkins and the check. I was very disappointed in the service we received. It was bad enough that I couldn't leave a tip. Food-8, Service-2.
The food we ate was pretty tasty.  Friendly service and location easily accessible.  Highly recommended to pinoys in Orlando and nearby areas.
The server walked us through the menu and helped me find something without oyster sauce. The chef even came out and confirmed the best way to make the Pancit  for us. I really appreciated that. The Laing was amazing maybe on the saltier side for me but still really good. Will definitely come back here. Plus there were a lot of Filipino families eating around us--always a good sign.
"Not your typical Filipino restaurant. Still good for most menu. A little salty on most foods I've tried.
Greasy on the papaitan soup."
"This Filipino restaurant is a gem in the land of America. It's not that easy finding quality Filipino food here and this place packs some authentic Filipino flavors and favorites! From the chicharon bulaklak to their kare-kare, it seems like they have a lot of common looked-for dishes to go through. 

We ordered their lechon kawali ($12.99) which came with liver sauce. They say it's only good for one but trust me, it can be good for 3 people so SAVE because this restaurant isn't cheap (that's the only reason why I couldn't give them 5 stars. It's hard because I know they're fairly overpriced but I also understand some ingredients are not easy to come by). We also got the sizzling pork sisig for $12.99 too (good for 3 people). And then we got some authentic pancit canton (not the packed kind). 

The food was AWESOME (I'm sure you probably picked that up from the first paragraph), service was also quick and fast and they were really friendly plus it helped that they spoke in Tagalog (not sure about Bisaya). 

Parking was good, they had a lot of space for that so you won't have any problems. The only thing is the restaurant is inside a hotel, it might seem weird walking inside the lobby but it's cool you'll see the doors to Nipa Hut just a few feet away from the entrance. I definitely recommend this restaurant to any Filipino who misses the flavors of the homeland or to anyone looking for some authentic Filipino dishes!"
Went here last weekend with my friends and the food was just amazinggg! I loved the nostalgic feeling as I devoured every crunchy bit of the lechon kawali and the savory pork sinigang thank goodness we had an amazing server syrenz! Kudos to her for being so genuine. She made us feel at home. I would definitely recommend this place to friend!
No lie, everything I ate there was SO good. Probably one of the best Filipino food I've ever eaten (besides my family's) lol The young guy who helped take our order was super friendly. We ordered laing, adobo, lechon kawali, sariwang lumpia, & bicol express. Everything was seasoned perfectly! Not too salty & was full of flavor. I had halo halo while waiting & that was yum as well. The atmosphere was laid back. Reminded me of a restaurant in Philippines which made me miss home. Will definitely be trying to go back to try their other dishes before we go back home to Alaska.
Very very very delicious food! My little cousin enjoyed their spaghetti so much. One of the best Filipino restaurants I've ever been to!
"I should have LOVED this place. It had a larger menu. Maybe the largest Filipino menu I've ever seen. 
WHAT.. WAIT...  They have Chicken Inasal with rice. That's like vinegar chicken (manok) that I eat in my,adopted homelands of Negros Island Philippines. I literally sustain myself for months at a time with pecho manok and little Filipino Cokes.  And the weight melts off me. Its so cool eating like that and losing weight. The pic on the menu looks just like my pecho meal from my favorite restaurant in the world. Jo's Inato, Bayawan City.  
Dili pecho?!? 
My frustrated caveman face annoys my family. 
Just legs. Dark meat. Actually that would be good for my keto diet but I don't care. I'm Pissed.  
I order pork egg rolls.  Isn't that lumpia? They are ok.  But not 1/10 as good as mama's.  I should tell mama this but it will give her the big head. Everybody always lauds mama with praise on her egg rolls. 
I would at least give them a 4 star rating but their fountain pop was HORRIBLE and instead of trying to repump me some more coke they just insisted I didn't know what I was talking about. 
I know my pop. This is half diet....
That being said we WILL BE BACK even though its nearly 1000 miles from my house. We do crazy things when we travel. Going 3 hours out of our way for Filipino food is not uncommon at all."
This is the best Filipino restaurant in Orlando, Florida!!! If you want to eat authentic filipino food this is the perfect place to go! Lechon kawali, crispy pata, sizzling sisig, pork sinigang, kare kare, name it they have it! I highly recommend this restaurant to all my friends!
My American husband thoroughly enjoyed the sisig. Laing was surprisingly good. Kare-kare could be better. Service was okay. We asked for another order of rice and it took a long time to come, we had to remind them about it. We went there before lunch time. I still would recommend the place.  Ps - the folder where they put your bill to pay had this 15% tip chart taped in it.  I have never seen that anywhere else. It was off putting and quite tacky to be honest.
The food was just ok. Not the best Filipino food I've had but not the worst. I like how they also sell snacks. Prices are good if you go between 11 am and 4 pm.
Service was extremely slow & even a party who arrived after has got their drinks first. The food was ok. My fav was the sisig but they put too much onions that we had to request one w/ no onions. The sizzling fish was bland. But a dipping sauce solved the problem. Their lechon wasn't crispy enough, so make sure u ask for it extra crispy. The kare kare tasted too much of peanut butter. I probably would come back here just for the sisig, light on the onions.
"If you're interested in trying some Filipino food.. You  should try this place. I love the lechon kawali! 
The location of this place is kinda hidden but the food is really great!"
Great place for food and customer service! Ate here to check the place out and we were not disappointed!!! Definitely coming back again!!!! That San Miguel beer and red horse will be my next drink when I come back.
If you are looking an authentic traditional Filipino meal, well you are in the right place. Came in for late lunch. Ordered Chicken Adobo and Lechon Kawali. The restaurant is spacious. Service is just average. Friendly staff. Unfortunately, an item in the menu that we were wanting was not available. If you are going to put something in a menu, make sure is available at all times or else just take it out. There were no specials offered. Food was good but basic. Personally, I know how to cook those Filipino dishes, I was just probably looking for something above the ordinary. Again, we did enjoy the food. I will try them again.
We were visiting from Toronto/Maryland and thought of trying some Filipino food while in FL. I have been in better Filipino restaurants and so I wasn't blown away by their entrees. We went there for lunch and ordered Spring Rolls, Pancit Sotanghon and Lumpiang Sariwa which were all OK. However, I wasn't too crazy about their Pancit Malabon which I thought was lacking flavour and their Sago/Gulaman drink was blah. I think the price was reasonable and the serving size was ample. The place was clean, servers were friendly and the ambiance was passable. It's not great but it's OK.
Food and service are great! But location: Thumbs down. Too pricey for their location. You would see creepy dudes passing by or sitting around staring at kids (looks like pedophiles) makes me nervous. They try to give high fives to my kids, trying to be nice but VERY suspicious!
Totally would recommend this place. Not so much Filipino restaurant in the area. I may have better Filipino food in California. But man you've got to give them credit. Friendly staff and above average food IMO.
"The only time I go to this joint is when the supremely talented band Abzolut performs.  When they perform, the place is packed and they have to turn people away as there are no more tables.

Anyway, I have only tried one of their dishes, the daing na bangus.  It is huge, tasty, but obviously a frozen as this particular kind can be purchased at Asian supermarkets.  It is affordable, too. I don't feel like trying other items as quite frankly they are pricey and could very well be mediocre.

I also had Red Horse beer which cost like $5 so it is on par with import beer pricing at restaurants.  They also have buckets of San Miguel for I think $20.

The daing na bangus is perfect with the beers, and it's more fun to enjoy the band while partaking in those."
"All the Filipino food here is good! Feels and taste like home!

Location: It is in Orlando, the restaurant you will not noticed it at first because it is beside a motel. The interior is okay, typical filipino restaurant with karaoke and stage.

Service: The staff is nice, they gave us cups and utensils to go.

Food: Let me start with the LAING! It was to die for, you should order it!!! It is really good! The pansit and lumpiang shanghai is good as well! Sisig is very good too! Pritong Boneless Bangus is also tasty and huge! The Calamari is good but small serving. The chopsuey is okay for me. Leche Flan is creamy and not that sweet! They also have goldilocks pastries on the refrigerator!

Price rating: 3 out of 10. Price is very cheap! And good!

Everything is good! A must visit if you are on vacation and looking for Filipino food! Lastly, please try the LAING!!"
First time dining here! Great family atmosphere and friendly, courteous service. Enjoyed the lechon kawali, will come back the next time I am in town.
"This is the second time I have been to Nipa Hut, and it did not disappoint! 

We had a table of 7. We started off with sago gulaman, pork egg rolls and calamari. 6 egg rolls came in 1 order. They were small, but tasty nonetheless. The calamari was ok, they used the rings rather that the whole squid which I am used to. The breeding was more like the breading used for mozzarella sticks. 

Our meal consisted of 2 pots of sinigang- ordered extra sour, sizzling sisig, boneless bangus, pinakbet, and a large order of pancit bihon (chicken and shrimp). We definitely had enough for 7, and a lot more leftover to bring home! If you want to order rice for a big group, just order the big bowl! We ordered 2, and it was wayyyy to much for 7 of us.

For dessert we got our free halo halos which you can get when you make and show your yelp review. Plus an order of buko pandan and butchi butchi! 

Needless to say... WE ARE FULL AND SATISFIED!"
I mean I'll let the pictures speak for themselves. Look at how crispy it looks! The chicharon bulaklak is what stands out to me. It's hard to find that in Filipino restaurants in TN so when I saw it in the menu I had to have it. It did not disappoint. It was perfectly crispy and hit the spot
Ordered garlic rice, kawali, & bulakak. All The food was excellently prepared and generously proportioned. Friendly staff that greet you as you walk in. TFC channel playing on the TV.  The place is decorative to give it a filipino feel. They Sell Popular filipino baked goods.
Excellent food and superb service! I don't know how they figured out that it was my birthday and that my favorite ice cream was Ube! I wish I lived in Orlando just so that I can eat here regularly. The Bangus was Banging!
"Good place to find authentic filipino food.
Pork and Chicken bbq is very good, fried bangus is good as well, lechon kawali i will definitely recommend.
My favorite is the halo halo with the ube ice cream on top.
Overall, we will keep coming back . This is the best filipino restaurant I've found in Central Florida."
The best place. Service was great and food was awesome!!! Not too expensive either. Definitely recommended if you're in Disney vacation.
Loved this place. Everyone is friendly and professional and the place is spacious and clean. We came an hour of it closing on a Friday night and guests kept coming in and being seated and served. The waiter was very prompt and informative on the menu and, even though I regularly eat Filipino food, I really enjoyed this place. We had the chicken adobo, the sinigang and the barbecue chicken. The portions are good for at least two people and sharing the dishes is half the fun. One downside is that rice needs to be ordered separately with your food. But! They make up for it with the fridges in the back full of Goldilocks products! Great food, good atmosphere, kinda thrown by it being attached to a hotel, but otherwise, a really great, family-friendly restaurant that's got TFC playing on the TV.
"If this is the best Filipino restaurant in Orlando, then man Orlando needs some Pinoy improvement. 

My complaint about this place is that the service was too slow. I literally needed to stand up and walk around more than once to get someones attention, and i wasn't sitting anywhere that was hard to see. 

Food was mediocre; it could be satisfying for a Filipino who has been craving for filipino food but this isn't something i would brag to my non-filipino friends (who haven't tried Filipino food at all). 

Maybe my critique is due to the fact that I am originally from NYC, in where every single culture around the world (including Filipino culture) is evenly represented. 

3 weeks into Orlando and I am still hoping to find a Filipino place that non-filipinos will see and like."
"We were craving for Pinoy food while visiting Disneyworld and I chose this place as this was the closest to where were staying. We came during lunch time and we got seated right away. Not so nice location inside a cheap hotel. The food came within a short wait. We ordered pancit bihon, dasilog (Daing with fried rice and egg), and Kare-kare. The pancit bihon had an off taste so we barely touched the noodles. I told the server and the only response I got was sorry but that's how we cook our pancit. oh well, we still got charged. Perhaps it was just the batch they served us, who knows. Then the Kare-kare sauce tasted more like from a mix so do not expect the home cooked Kare-kare you eat at home.They used tripe which had the right chewiness but the beef meat needed a little bit more time to soften. I was hungry so I just worked harder to chew the meat. No issue with the Dasilog so that was gone quickly. 
I will still go back and try the other dishes since there's not a lot of pinoy restaurant options in the area."
"Searching for a place close by on my first time in Florida. It's before our flight back to Boston since we didn't have much time in the area and we were busy driving around Naples and Palm beach. 
We were originally going to this other place but it was not on the way and was like 30 minutes from where our hotel was. This one is only three minutes so it was perfect. When we got to the place, The entrance was a little confusing since it was inside a hotel or an inn, was t really sure what the place was. So you have to enter a door that leads to that information area and that's where you find entrance to the restaurant. The place was nice it has enough space for like a few tables to sit in and eat and they have a server to that ask for your order.
We sat down at a table and we ordered some stuff after like 5 to 10 minutes. I got the sinigang and the goat caldereta. My boyfriend got rice with adobo. Red horse much is the beer for my country. Our food got in on a reasonable time and they have pretty good servings too which was great and we got so full. 
Hopefully next time that we go back to Florida I can try some other food that they have."
On vacation here which means no home cooked meals. Just saying this place is perfect for that home sick mood. For the whole week we ate out, this was the best meal we had. We ordered so much food, from the dinuguan that was perfect, the sisig that was delicious, the goat kalgareta was totally new to me and I loved it, Kare Kare was so peanutty sooo good! The lechon kawalii was a little too overdone but it's not like I didn't eat it. You guys got thumbs up from New York!!
Visiting Orlando from California with my love who enjoyed the filipino dishes I've cooked for him made him think I was crazy wanting filipino food in Orlando but he changed his mind with the delicious food and personable service at Nipa Hut! Everything was brought out very quickly and our waitress was very sweet. Pork sinigan, pork adobo, garlic fried rice, sotanghon fresh mango juice and halo-halo were all delicious. Our waitress was very friendly and super sweet to even bring out my boyfriend's sunglasses he left on the table to our car. Only warning is prices were above average and be prepared for the post food comatose lol.
Cool little place. They have pretty much every Filipino dish. Plus the sell Goldilocks products
I am positive y'all gonna laugh at this. I found out about Nipa Hut on line and my good friend @droolius also talked about this place. I love ALL kinds of food. I ordered the Tapsilog. Go ahead and say it. It's a breakfast dish. I know I know. But it's so dang good at all times of the day. Best dinner I have had in years. My favorite part was the people inside singing Karaoke. Oh yeah!!
"1st time here. We liked the crispy pata, laing, goat meat, halohalo, lechon kawali, tapsilog, sinigang and chicharon bulaklak. Good sized servings, average pricing, nice filipino ambience. Mark, our server (plus I can't remember the other guys name but he is good too), tried his best to serve the food fast and accomodate everybody's request. We are a party of 22, so they did great. The only downside was there is something funky smelling with the sisig and it taste like longtime frozen meat. Then the pancit bihon actually was very presentable and looks yummy but when we tasted it, it is kinda bland. 

But overall, we will still go back here just in case we visit orlando again! How I wish most of the Filipino restaurants around eastcoast will be as pleasant as them when it comes to ambiance!"
My friend and I stopped in at Nipa Hut for lunch today. Juvi was very friendly, helpful, and made great suggestions! We ordered sago at gulaman, Kare-kare, pork dinuguan, sontanghon, and halo halo. Everything tasted delicious! I highly recommend the halo halo!
Wanted to try some filipino food and found this gem.  My parents and I went here for lunch and it wasnt crowded so we got to sit down pretty quickly and the server was very nice and good.  The food was amazing and will definitely be back when I am in the area.
"Filipino food near Disney! 

This is probably the only Filipino food in the area so if you come from the Philippines and miss that good old dish with some rice, this is the place for you.

Price is reasonable. The food and atmosphere isn't an explosion in your mouth but it gets the job done especially if you haven't had a good pancit or sinigang in awhile.

I would compare this restaurant to a low end version of maxs chicken.

Only go here if you want Filipino food, if you want a great meal with a great environment there are other options around"
Best Filipino restaurant in town.  Wait, this is the only Filipino restaurant in tow.  Good thing that the food is good.  We usually stop by here when we're visiting Orlando.  Food is pretty consistent but the service wasn't good sometimes.  There was a time when we stood by the door waiting to be seated and all the employees simply ignored us.  Took more than fifteen minutes before one lady approached us; right when we were about to leave.  But, the past couple of times we were there, we were blessed to have the same friendly server attend to us.  She was friendly and fun to converse.  All her recommendations were spot on.  I would recommend this place to anyone craving to have Filipino food while visiting Orlando.
Every time we travel to Orlando from Tampa. We stop here all the time. It's the best Filipino food in the area.  We tell everyone who comes and visits Orlando to come here.
"I'm going to give this a higher than usual rating because of the limited Philippine restaurants available anywhere. When I went to the Philippines, I was hooked on the food, but when I return I could not find one other than waiting for the Philfest. 

The decor definitely will throw you off and it's location is in a motel lobby. The food however is amazing and the staff was really nice and gave good recommendation on the dishes. A definite revisit.

The food may not be the best to bring definitely good for it's limited availability."
My wife & I make Nipa Hut our must go whenever we visit Orlando. The service is friendly & the food excellent.I always order the crispy pata which is the best I've ever had.My wife who is Filipino loves the sizzlin sisig & their delicious desserts.Keep on pumping out that delicious food!!
Definitely a place to check out if you're in the Kissimmee area and want to try out Filipino food. It's best to go on a weekday because during the weekend, Filipino churchgoers usually go and eat there after mass at the nearby shrine. Dinnertime is usually the busiest. The restaurant is visibly tough to spot but if you follow your GPS you'll find it. The food is good, although a bit pricey. If you do decide to check this restaurant out you should definitely order the Lechon Kawali (fried pork belly), pansit and for dessert a Halo-Halo (mix of shaved ice, evaporated milk, and other ingredients such as fruit)
Its my husband and I 26 year anniversary so we came to Orlando for a couple nights..i found Nipa Hut on yelp and its just around the corner from our resort dont let it fool you because it's in a hotel. This is truly a hidden gem...our server Rosalinda was very sweet attentive and beautiful..she was also very accommodating my husband wanted tocino and longanisa but its only served at breakfasr but Rosalinda asked the cook and they made it happen we also ordered pork adobo beef sinigang and fried milk fish and fried calamari ...it was all so good and cooked fresh..i wi make a point of coming back for dinner and i live in tampa...the food is absolutely delicious i cook all these dishes and i felt like I was at home .. Thank you Nipa Hut for a great dinner. Id give them more stars if i could.
"Since relocating here I think we've either dined here or ordered take out four or five times. 

The food is pretty good. We've had better and we've had worse. 

Items we've tried:

Bangus: 5 stars, love it! Wouldn't dine here without ordering it!
Lumpia Shanghai: 4/5 stars. We like our homemade lumpia more. We've also had better at our former favorite spot prior to relocating. I can say we have bought this for a party and it was a hit. The party size is reasonably priced as well. 
Pork Adobo: 4 stars. Great taste but small portion compared to the price. 
Pancit Bihon: 4/5 stars. It's really good. Has a well balanced amount of veggies too. Best ordered and eaten there because when it's fresh off the stove to the table, it's fantastic. 
Sigsig: 3 stars. The hubby is generally the only person that eats this and after ordering it twice here he said he would pass on it. It's not great, mediocre. 

I know we've tried other dishes but it's just not coming to mind right now. I wish they would make a beef caldereta instead of goat. If they did, we would be thrilled!

Service: 2/3 stars. Unfortunately even three stars might be high. While dining there it was not so great. Borderline, really bad. It was not busy during our dine in times and therefore one would expect really attentive service. No, I don't want or expect someone coming back every 5 minutes. However, when they don't come back until they are flagged down makes for a not so great time. Especially when they are off in the back or chit chatting and you have to either go search for them or feel like you're interrupting them. However, when you do get their attention they are really friendly and have service with a smile. As for our take out orders, most have been successful with the exception of one incident when they said they would have an item ordered in advance and then called to cancel the scheduled pick up time. 

Overall this is the best Filipino food we've been able to find in the area so far."
We have a timeshare here in Orlando and come back every two years or so.  Every time we visit, we make it a point to eat at a Filipino restaurant in the area, but always find that the ones we visited two years prior have already been closed down.  It's so disappointing!  We found Nipa Hut through an internet search and decided to track it down.  Luckily it's very close to our time share.  We thought that it was a really smart move having a restaurant right below a hotel and feel that they will be more successful since it's a larger location, and in a less obscure location than the past other Filipino restaurants we've visited.  They also have other events like dance competitions and karaoke nights that help with drawing in more business.  We talked to one of the owners and she said she wanted to make Filipino food more accessible to not just Filipinos.  The food was absolutely delicious-- everyone in my family can vouch for that.  We ordered the bangus, sinigang, and sago.  We had to wait a little bit longer, and some of the items on the menu were no longer available, but it was worth the wait.  We ordered food from Nipa Hut for the second time during our stay, but found that it was just 'so-so' compared to the first time we went.  Nipa Hut is reasonable price wise.
"Came to Orlando for a family vacation and we've missed Filipino food so we found this place and we weren't disappointed. 

Located in a hotel lobby, it wasn't that hard to find! We came right at opening so the service was great. We ordered immediately and the food came out rather quickly. 

We ordered: 
Tocilog - very good
Adobo with rice combo - it was chicken adobo But the chicken was dry. The flavor would've been good if it weren't so dry
Lechon Kawali - thinly sliced and crispy! Not as fatty or oily as common lechon kawali so it was easier to enjoy
Sizzling Bangus - easily the best entree we ordered! Tons of flavor and good serving size with a good price. 

Overall, our experience here at Nipa Hut was great! Left with a full stomach ready to explore Orlando. 

Since it was our first time in Orlando, we didn't know what to do other than go to theme parks so we asked an employee. He gave us a list of suggestions! Very impressed with their customer service!"
The sinigang was good plenty of veggies and beef, I got Laing too which was just ok. For the price I feel as if the entrees should have came with rice already. I got the chicharon bulaklak for appetizer and it was very crispy and tasty. Calamansi juice was refreshing.
The service is good, the ambiance is good, food is great, although not how we would cook it in our province it is great in its own special way...
Good food and good service!! I will definitely recommend to all Pinoys visiting Kissimmee Florida..
The place is pretty busy. They sat us right away, but it took our waitress a long time before she came to take our order. The place is very unorganized and chaotic. We order fried pork belly which was dry and greasy. After a few of these we felt like having a heart attack. The shredded beef with onions and eggs was good. The ice cream dessert was good too. Overall, alot of trouble to sit and be service right away. We had to track 3 different people to pay for our Bill.
"Great Filipino food. Delicious and very tasty. A must visit if you are in the Orlando area. I will definitely go back and try more things. 

My family and I came here looking for a taste of home and came out having a memory that will last forever. We all enjoyed the breakfast so much that we returned 2 days later to try their lunch. 

The restaurant is on the first floor of a run downed motel but that should not deter you from having a food experience. When you enter the lobby the restaurant entrance in immediately to your right. Depending on what day and time, the time we came was not crowded and we were always seated immediately. The service was good and the wait staff was attentive. They suggested great eats.

The price for the food is fair to a little above normal but I would pay to eat great food. 

Overall a great place to eat and will visit over and over again."
"The food here is great. I've eaten here several times over the past few years, and my family and I return again and again. The location is a little strange, but once you're in the restaurant, it's just like being in the Philippines.

We love the lechon kawali (seriously, how do people not know that Filipinos cook the best pork dishes, period?), pinakbet, pork BBQ skewer (tocino-like pork -- it has a sweet glaze on it), and, of course, the halo-halo. I can order the halo-halo without beans, which is how I like it, and I love that. 

The kare-kare has been thick, creamy, and delicious on some occasions, but a few times it's been a bit too thin. 

The pinakbet (Filipino vegetables stewed in tomatoes, shrimp paste, and pork) is a good-sized portion with tons of vegetables. Really tasty. 

It tastes like home-cooked Filipino food. Nothing here is fancy, but it's cozy, hearty, and delicious. The service is friendly and polite."
"Toni Gonzaga!!!

Alex Gonzaga, Angeline Quinta, & Eric Santos - - all were there.  OK, the restaurant is in front of the Hudson Hotel - - I put a photo so you could see where it is.  It's set off from the road quite a bit.  What is worse is that at night, the road sign & the restaurant sign are not lit up!!!  At first glance, with a security guard at the front of the hotel - - not a real warm fuzzy feeling.  But give it a chance.

Once inside the restaurant is in pretty good shape, especially for a Filipino restaurant.  It's pretty comfortable - - with a bamboo pipe fountain and yes, a couple of Christmas Trees (it's the middle of July & the Philippines start to celebrate Christmas in September - - so it's almost time!!!).

Servers are courteous; I thought our server resembled the actress Teresa Loyzaga.  We ordered Pancit Bihon, Chicken Adobo, Lumpiang Shanghai, and pork BBQ on a stick.  Pancit was very good & highly recommended.  Although I was not found of the adobo, my wife enjoyed it & the portion was generous; it's probably because it not the way I normally cook it - - theirs was a little sweet.  The lumpia was good, but slightly salty & looked like hand rolled - - a plus!!!  The pork BBQ was a winner. No doubt.

We didn't have room for dessert, but they have halo-halo that looked real good.

Menu is pretty large with standard Filipino food on it - - there are some dishes made with goat.

Lots of TV's and probably a karaoke machine, but I can't confirm that.

TIP:  If you call in an order of Pancit Bihon, it could take almost an hour to get it - - this is UNACCEPTABLE!!!  

Otherwise five stars 

Enjoy!!!"
Yummy Filipino Cuisine..We always dine here every time we go to Orlando... Very nice staff too.
"My family and I decided to try Nippa Hut in Orlando after seeing some good reviews on yelp. Really glad that we did because the food was awesome, very easy to find. We tried their delicious kare kare, sisig and chicken adobo...all glorious!!! You should definitely check this place if you're craving Pinoy food.

-from a family in NJ-"
Great place for food and customer service! Ate here to check the place out and we were not disappointed!!! Definitely coming back again!!!! That San Miguel beer and red horse will be my next drink when I come back.
"Stopped by at this place for lunch on Dec 24th. This place is actually located in the same location of the hotel; not sure if this is part of the hotel. 
This place was big and roomy inside. There's even a room for Karaoke/dance floor. The menu are of typical Filipino foods that other Filipino restaurants offer. Food portions are decent. The one thing that really stood out was the Halo-Halo. It's the best Halo-Halo I've had in awhile. Will definitely come back to this place for more Filipino foods!"
This restaurant is the Best in the world! A plus nice smiling servers & the Filipino foods are all excellent! In taste & in freshness, no wonder they have lots of customers who come in.A first in the Filipino restaurant business. The owners must have good taste & great ideas. I highly recommend everyone to try this restaurant. You'll come out satisfied & Busog ! A fine five star review! Super Excellent Filipino restaurant hidden  in Orlando!
"Really enjoyed our dinner here. Made my son so happy to find ""almost home cooking"" here in Orlando."
If your craving for Filipino food, head on to Nipa Hut for authentic, delicious food.  It's  the only one we go to everytime we visit Orlando,  it has a good atmosphere rhat reminds you of home in the Philippines. The saff are friendly, and good service.
Have been here almost each time I come to Orlando since my Ate took me here, I lost count! The place is part of the hotel which could be difficult to see if your first time but WORTH THE FIND!!! The open setup of the restaurant is inviting & doesn't give a cramped boxed in feel most other food establishment don't care for. Menu is loaded with many Pinoy dishes with some American touches for the not so willing. I've fallen in love with their Sizzling Boneless Bangus with garlic rice but have tried other dishes when I'm with Family. The flavors are great & have not been disappointed!!! Any true Filipino & descendants MUST GO & if you've been, you should REPEAT!!! Love Love this place in Orlando & will bring my Family anytime they visit...  of 5 (5 of 5)
I've always enjoyed coming here on our Orlando vacations and found the food to be delicious and the atmosphere welcoming! We love their sinagang, beef sticks, and lechon.  We have a lot of Filipinos at our church and it makes us think of them and that also helps.  Only knock is the weird hotel it's connected to.
Love going to this place! Not many Filipino restaurants and we always end up ordering everything!
First time here and first time with Philippine food. Absolutely delicious food and great service.
I don't know what Christopher P. is talking about in his review, but the food and the staff here are wonderful! The servers were attentive and friendly. The food tasted authentic and oh so delicious. I loved it and if I lived here in Orlando I'd totally be a regular!
Good food and friendly staff! Lechon kawali is highly recommended! Kare-kare, sinigang and sizzling bangus are delicious too!
"Growing up as a Filipino American, my childhood consisted of eating hearty Filipino home- cooked meals, which to this day, are always my favorite cuisine.
Filipino restaurants are a rarity in Florida, so hearing about one in Kissimmee was more than enough motivation to get me to visit. My second time eating here and the food is always great. However, I will only be reviewing the entrees I got the most recent visit. 

I have previously tried the kare kare, pancit bihon, and lechon. All were tasty!
The latest I add to the Nipa Hut list are the sisig and halo halo. 

Sisig is cooked pork ""niblets"" with onions, scallions, and calamansi juice flavoring. It comes fresh and sizzling on a black pan, perfect to share with at most 3-4 people. No complaints with the taste and honestly it is my favorite sisig I have ever had. Light, filling, and flavorful with a zesty taste and subtle sweetness (calamansi). 

Halo halo is a staple Filipino dessert which consists of shaved ice, sweet condensed milk, ube ice cream, leche flan, jackfruit, gulamon, jellies, beans, and other random things (different places and people serve their own variations).
I was not impressed with the halo halo, definitely not worth $5. The ice was not well shaven and still hard. Even stabbing repeatedly without getting the milk everywhere would not help so I just had to make do. The condensed milk was also not sweet at all so it served no purpose really other than having liquid everywhere. The flan (fun size) and the mango ice cream (one scoop) were all that I enjoyed. Usually ube ice cream is used but they were out. They also added corn which is uncommon but really up to the individuals personal preferences.

Eating here family style and splitting up the bill with friends or family is the best way to go here. The items are portioned for family style and are priced that way as well. The items are overpriced for what portion you get it you are eating alone or just paying for what you order if with a group.Trying to eat here on a date with just one other person can make Nipa Hut an unexpected pricey visit, especially the fact that just rice for one person cost 75 cents. 

I noticed that many of the other reviews complained about the bad service and I have to agree. Of the two times I have been there, the service was slow, even when the place wasn't busy itself. I got my drinks the same time as I got my entree, which was more than 20 minutes. The waitress would also fail to check on us and it was hard to get her attention without wanting to be rude about it. 

In conclusion, come here with a good size party who are willing to split the bill.
Be careful about the dessert options but expect good things from the entree choices. The food is pricey and don't expect great service."
Love this place! Authentic Filipino food, quality service and very representative of the Filipino culture: festive, hospitable, delicious! Mark was our server, very nice and attentive. Definitely a gem here in Florida.
Came here last year and I wasn't impressed but we tried again after a year and we ordered Crispy Pata, chicharon bulaklak, gulaman, garlic fried rice and calamansi juice.  Not only was the food excellent so was the service! Yay Nipa Hut! Thanks for making it up. Will be back!
"Very family style restaurant. Located on the first floor of a shady hotel is the only reason why I'm giving 4 stars.

The food is absolutely amazing here nonetheless. Came multiple times and always have forgotten to write a review since the food distracted me. Very nice family that owns this restaurant and will accommodate to your appetite needs.

I recommend the sinigang! Make sure you get garlic rice along with it!"
"OMG!! I am in love!!! I miss my mom's authentic home cooked Filipino meals.... I'm so happy I found Nipa Hut!!!! It's just like home and it even taste better than some of my mom's home cooked meals (but I won't tell her know that).   ;) 

Thank you for the awesome dinuguan!! 
I'm coming back often for the incredible
Food!
Salamat Po!!"
"Great filipino food at Nipa Hut!
Mark our server is awesome!very attentive to our needs. Food came out in a timely manner. Karekare is authentic. Crispy pata is to die for. Pancit is very flavorful. Sinigang is superb. Garlic fried rice and bbq pork with an ice cold red horse beer is amazing! They  even sell goldilocks products! Great place to try!"
Five stars for the staff. Yes service takes time but it's because they cook the food after you order. The sinigang could be a bit more sour and the pancit was a bit bland for me. It's missing the flavor from sauteeing meat and vegetables. The breakfast specials are good. It beats cooking during your own vacation. I could not give it a 5 because of the pancit. To me it's the basic dish and it was not what I expected it to be.
"Was in Orlando in April and was looking for some Filipino food. Was pleasantly surprised to stumble upon Nipa Hut. We came for lunch during a week day. There were about four other tables there and one server. Despite being short staffed, our sever managed to tend to all the tables, get all the food out in a timely manner and exchange in pleasant conversation. He didn't rush anyone out, gave food suggestions and despite being the only server there, he kept a smile on his face!

We ordered two different kinds of bangus, lechon, soup, garlic fried rice, Tapsilog. Everything tastes good, just like Mom's home cooking. The lechon was cut up nice and thin so you weren't eating a cube of just fat and it was crispy! Both types of Bangus had good flavor and my parents loved the soup. Tapsilog was also good. We also took some Goldilock's products to go. 

Great little place in a run down hotel. Great find. Prices are very reasonable. Minus a star because they needed another server, I felt so bad for ours so we made sure to leave a good tip, he deserved it!"
Walked in and felt like I was in the Philippines! Service was okay, was told by a sign to wait for a server to sit us. Waited a good 15 minutes and they weren't even busy. Food was pretty average. The Pork Intestines was really good! Crunchy and savory! But the sizzling sisig was too oily for my taste, lacked the crunch and spiciness I was hoping for.
It was great to have found this place close to our hotel. Service was great. Server were attentive. Ambience was decent but noticed their food prices cost a little compared to California.
"Until there's a Philippines Showcase at Epcot...we have the Nipa hut. 

(Sort of.)

As a local, I had driven by the Nipa hut sign for a year or two, marveling at the bamboo and thatched signage and thinking...""Is that some type of cool tiki bar that I'm missing out on?"" 

I like Tiki Bars. It's not one. But it's still pretty awesome. 

The food is indeed delicious, especially the Adobo Chicken and fried pork belly. And we can't wait to go back to check out the 'breakfast' specials that run daily until 4pm. There are photos of the various dishes, and they all seem to come with a fried egg, hence the breakfast part I suppose. 

The interior is simple and tidy, and very clean. And there is an extensive stage and dance floor area, which makes me think there may be some rockin' Lea Salonga karaoke tribute every so often?"
Great tasting food! I was here for dinner last night and back today for lunch!! I had Sinigang Pork and Sizzling Bangus. Sooo good!!
Authentic Filipino food with quality service by friendly staff including Eddie who is very helpful.Get the real deal at Nipa Hut Bar n Restaurant. Goldilocks bakery items featured. We had the Brazo which was excellent.Try the Krispy Pata deep fried pork.It is awesome.
"First timer at this restaurant and I was pleased to see how packed the restaurant was! Anyway, I've been craving Filipino cuisine ever since I moved to Pittsburgh. So when my cousin asked if I wanted to eat at Nipa Hut, I quickly obliged.
Filipino food usually takes a long time to cook and I was expecting to be waiting FOREVER for my food to come out. But we didn't! Great food if you don't have time to cook it yourself. Had the sizzling bangus, sisig, sinigang, bbq sticks, and halo halo. 
You can order in advance so you don't have to wait."
Ahhhhhhhhhhazing.  Just went to Orlando with six friends to enjoy the theme parks.  While driving around the five days on vacation.  I came across Nipa Hut.   Had to find them on yelp for reviews.   On our last day we went.  Thanks gawwwwd.  The food was so yummy.  The fried pork knuckles.  Oh my gawd.  It's in a hotel.  Try it out.  So yummy.
Great service, loved the server Mark. To any friends visiting Orlando I highly recommend this restaurant. The food is delicious, they serve below 0 beer. Very Filipino atmosphere, very friendly. Love everything about the restaurant and I will definitely come back everything I'm in the area.
"Ang Sarap, Nipa Hut!  

My bro, hubby and I were on the hunt for Filipino food while vacationing in Orlando.  And Nipa Hut was actually our second choice - the other spot was ""closed"" even though we showed up during store hours.

Anyway, Nipa Hut is in an odd place - it's in the Hudson Hotel - and you have to enter the hotel to get there.  As you enter you see the TV's showing TFC - I knew we were in the right spot! 

We were HANGRY (especially after the disappointment of our first choice)!  We ordered Chicken Sisig, Dinuguan, Kare Kare and Beef Nilaga.  All were pretty good!  The actually star was the Chicken Sisig - served on a sizzling cast iron skillet with an egg!  YUM!!!  We were all pretty impressed that we decided we wanted to come by and try the -silog items.  We had the Tapsilog and Longsilog - but they paled in comparison to the dinner we had earlier in the week.  We also ordered Chicharon Bulaklak - it was crispy (not overly oily) and really good! 

If you are in the Orlando area and you're craving Filipino food - I'd definitely hit up Nipa Hut!"
I love this place! And this is no bias review because we came all the way from TN to visit the parks and a friend of mine recommended this place. Everything that we ordered we're all good. Halo halo, chicharong bulaklak, kare kare, sisig, bicol express, sago't gulaman. I wouldnt say that the service is slow. I think its just average. I see many filipino tourists dining here and of course i will give our server some time to get our food and drinks ready. Ive had worst experience in other American restaurants and the wait on this place is not bad at all. The prices are reasonable. The halo halo had a lot of things in it not just all ice and milk like chow king. This is actually a perfect place to eat before or after going to the parks. If I'm here in orlando again i would surely come back to nipa hut!
"Thanks "" Nipa Hut"" for the delicious food,cozy ambience and friendly staff.I would highly recommend this place"
got a Filipino food craving in the orlando area? seems like this is the spot to go. the restaurant is spacious and attached to a hotel. it took me a relatively long time (5 minutes) to get seated. the restaurant wasn't busy and staff would look at me then turn around. it wasn't until a family came in that they started to get attention, and I had to beckon the staff to remind him who was here first. the wait staff weren't too attentive to our party. the food was delicious, and we needed more rice to go with our ulam. we beckoned the wait staff a few times without luck for both the rice and drinks. anyways, the papaitan was absolutely wonderful; not many joints will do papaitan (for whatever reason) but it was perfectly rich and bitter. the kare kare is also quite amazing. so much oxtail! definitely a spot to visit if you don't mind the wait.
Anyone giving a 1 star review of this place shouldn't review anything else...ever...especially when historically your only good review is of a hotdog! Tocino is red because it's cured with annatto powder a natural food coloring. Ignorance shouldn't be allowed in a review and if you don't know then ask! anyway...the food here is exactly what I expect from a solid Filipino restaurant.  Everything from the bicol express, sizzling sisig, papaitan, lechon kawali and pork bbq was executed very well. Tasty! and hit the spot perfectly. the staff is friendly and made sure we were happy satisfied customers. I'm not sure why people say the service is terrible. Maybe if you're ignored here it's because you are not a good human being. If I lived here I would come again and again!
"First place I ate when I arrived in Florida was this gem. We don't have many Filipino restaurants in Minnesota like this... Mostly small businesses or food trucks. 

The halo halo desert was amazing! Definitely worth sharing with someone else. Make sure you stir it all together since everything tasty is at the bottom. 

For those of you who never had Filipino food.. Try it! Tocilog is delicious. It's red meat and they serve a sunny side up egg for you with white rice. 

I came back to this place right before my flight home to Minnesota... It's just that good. They also have a freezer with goldilocks bakery goods if you want to bring anything home. 

Recommend? Yes!!"
"If you want an authentic Filipino food, this is the place to go. Variety of filipino food. From appetizer to main course to dessert. 
Not just an authentic one, but with the taste that will make you not miss the filipino style. 
And talking about the price, you don't have to worry about it. 
I will surely come back to this filipino restaurant. 
Two thumbs up!"
Great place for filipino food. Great menu and amazing food. We ordered pork sanigong, bihon pancit,garlic fried rice, Lumpia, and pork bbq sticks. Attentive staff. We had Eddie and he did an awesome job of making sure we were enjoying our food. Entire staff was always checking around to ensure customers were getting excellent service. Will definitely come back. Make sure to have some avocado and ube ice cream.
"My family prefers to stay true to their heritage: everywhere we go, we eat at one or two Filipino/Asian restaurants at least. There was a Filipino restaurant I can't help but assume we pass by every time we go to Orlando. We were finally able to try it out; it's called Nipa Hut, and it's worth trying out for authentic Filipino cuisine.

Our family and friends were seated at a table seen as soon as you walk through to the door. Unfortunately, the table was directly underneath a fan, so we had to switch tables. Along with the staff being fluent in Tagalog (a major language dialect of the Philippines), they are also very caring and friendly towards their customers. The restaurant is nothing flashy, and it does not seat any more than about 80 customers, but you will feel very much at home with the people around you.

The food served here is as authentic and tasty as you want Filipino cooking to be. Along with white rice, we also had pancit (thin noodles with meat and vegetables) and pancit palabon (thick white noodles with shrimp, boiled egg and shrimp sauce), chicharon, fish, sisig (fried pork, onion and egg) and barbecue. They all tasted great. However, I decided to leave out the shrimp from the palabon because I do not like shrimp. Desserts include ice cream and halo-halo (shaved ice with ice cream, leche flan, condensed milk, red beans and sweet corn), although I decided not to try the halo-halo. I suppose it's an acquired taste. The restaurant also serves traditional American foods such as hamburgers, spaghetti, chicken tenders and fries.

The one thing that I can really complain about this place is that it does not have a diverse range of customers. I would like to see customers other than Filipinos eating at this restaurant. I don't know how the restaurant can, but maybe it should find a way to appeal to these customers of other backgrounds. It's also right next to a hotel: I don't see why the hotel customers shouldn't try out this restaurants. Next time you go to Orlando, be on the lookout for Nipa Hut!"
OMG!! Delicious. Best Filipino restaurant I've been to in the states so far. Been to around 20 and this is the best so far. Sisig/Kare-kare/bihon is amazing. BBQ pork was excellent as well.
Been here twice - lunch and dinner.  Enjoyed the food on both occasion.  We'll be going back here when we visit Disney World area.
The location of Nipa Hut is questionable... We almost didn't go in because of how desecrate the connecting hotel looked. My mom was craving Filipino food because she was so tired of eating American food while we were on our 2.5 week vacation. I'm glad we still decided to give them a shot. Our server was very nice and we enjoyed the food.
"We just went to check it out. Foods are alright. Ordered pinakbet, papaitan, sizzling bangus, two cups of rice and sago gulaman. They are over priced. But it's ok for first and last time to try a new Filipino restaurant. Usually for what we paid for other Asian restaurants, they have courtesy for egg rolls or soup. But the only courtesy you get is toothpick and napkins lol. Will never come back here. Will recommend to someone that is wanting Tinay least ""try"". Giving 3 stars for a fair review on ambiance and alright food."
Really goodpancit and the sagu gulaman is the bomb. Very clean Facility and fast service. the chicaron bulaklak order was on the small side.  The sinigang was on point w a lot of sourness. I would recommend this place to my kababayan.
"Our party of four headed out here to celebrate my mother-in-law's birthday (July 20). It was interesting to note that this place is annexed to a hotel building and even shares the lobby of the hotel. Interesting because most of the restaurants that have a restaurant nearby would be 'American', i.e. serving mainly comfort food, and not one that specializes in Filipino cuisine.

Our order included two kinds of noodles (pancit sotanghon and pancit canton with egg rolls), a pork kebab BBQ and a grilled chicken thigh and leg with rice combo (Inasal), pinakbet, fried fish (bangus) and later, my wife got the halo-halo. The sotanghon and canton use different kinds of noodles but they both tasted almost the same--pedestrian. Normally, there would be a distinct difference in taste.

The pork kebab, while the portion is quite substantial, was a bit tough and didn't really exemplify the way this dish would be normally cooked. The grilled chicken was tough and chewy too.

The one thing that I think was good was that the portions were huge. The one thing that I think was bad and really stuck in my mind was that the prices were also huge.

Next time I visit Disney World with my wife, mother-in-law and granddaughter, I may re-visit this place. But only if I don't find any place more reasonably priced."
"Initially thought it was Thai food because it shares the name of a well known Thai restaurant , its Filipino & very good at that. The restaurant is huge w bar, pool table, sports Tvs & dance floor , it recently opened according to the owner. 
 I ordered their spicy Kalderetta Kambing w garlic rice. it was easily one of best I've tasted right up their w Leos BBQ in NJ. 
It wasn't greasy at all as many Filipino restaurants cook it,  it was also sweet w the pineapple added, unique &  very tasty touch.  The owner Julie explained uniqueness of how this is cooked & the style of cooking it is. Food presentation was sophisticated.
I also tried Kilawin (goat meat vinegar) which was definitely not my cup of tea. 
There are numerous other Filipino offerings which I intend to experiment with on my next visit."
"Interesting place, located in the lobby of sweet home suites. The place has somewhat of an identity crisis, when you first walk in you don't know if you are walking into a restaurants, bar, karaoke, clubhouse, party pavilion etc. 

We were excited to try Filipino food for the first time, but obviously had no idea what half the stuff on the menu was and to top it off our waitress spoke very poor English and was not helpful at all when trying to explain the dishes to us.

We order a a few plates and appetizers, lechon Kawai which was pretty good, and some sort of spinach with sliced porked which were also good, though the spinach dish did not look appetizing but was in fact pretty good. 

I order a sisig which is a pork dish served in hot iron pan with an egg in the middle, onions and other ingredients but unfortunately I was pretty disappointed when I came to find out it was made with pigs ears and cheeks. I really didn't enjoy that, lots of chewiness and cartilage. I hate that stuff but if you're into it you would probably enjoy this dish.

We also had the pancit, real thin noodles with chicken they were goooood!!

The service; 
As I mentioned, our waitress barely spoke English and it was really hard for her to convey when asked questions about the menu. She also seemed to have very little experience or perhaps they whole crew in this place it's new to the restaurant world. Some entrees came before appetizers, the food came randomly at different times. They just didn't seem like they knew what they were doing. 

All in all i think the place has potential, maybe they should hire more experienced staff that can speak English fluently, that could be a plus.

I think I'll be back in this place to try more dishes, hopefully They would have more helpful staff by then. 

Oh yea, almost forgot, the desserts suckkkkkk. So stick to the food and save your money on dessert."
"This place has the best sponge cakes (mamons).  I have  tried the ones at Red Ribbon in Seattle, and they don't compare.  Goldilocks makes their's so delicate and buttery soft and they melt in your mouth.  I also like their flan.  

I find that the local grocery stores that carry their baked goods are not as fresh and it's better to buy them straight from the bakery.  Can't wait to try more."
"This is the new location for Goldilocks Bakeshop after the Broardway location closed.  It can be a bit hard to spot, and even though they have a sign on the sidewalk, it's not very big and easy to miss.

Aside from a selection of their baked goodies, they also have a food menu with daily specials (you can leave your email or business card to be alerted of what the specials are).  I'm a fan of Filipino food and their baked goodies, so I'm super happy they opened a location so close to my office.  I had their Rice Medley, which was Lechon Kawali with garlic rice and diced mango and diced tomato on the side, topped with a fried egg.  The pork was done super crispy and who can say no to garlic rice?  The mangoes were a bit sour but that was probably just because mangoes were not quite in season yet.  My friend had the Lechon Paksiw which was really tender and flavorful.  He is a Filipino and had no complaints about it!  

They offer all day breakfast as well if the daily specials aren't your thing.

One thing to note, they do not have any seating in their shop, so be prepared to take your food to eat elsewhere.  Luckily there are quite a few little trails and parks in the area where you can go, and it's especially awesome this time of year."
I came to the bake shop specifically looking for polvorons. They did not have any in stock, but I bought pandesal and the lumpia shanghai. The clerk, Janice, was fun to chat to while we waited for food, and the food was delicious. I'll be back next time I'm in the Vancouver area.
"Small joint attached to their bake shop.  They have a single table now which you can stand at to enjoy your meal/baked goods.  Otherwise, grab something to go and find one of those park benches around in Foreshore park.

Plenty of parking available on the street and some on the premises.  

Food is decent price but can get expensive very easily. Some portions are good for 2 meals.  They take credit cards and you can order cakes on site as well.

Might be a summer special but they are also doing a Halo Halo happy hour right now."
"I only had a cake that the person at the shop recommended but it was very yummy! (She was very helpful and nice too)
I wish we lived closer to this place; would love to try other cakes and pastries."
"My husband and I ordered the lumpia, menudo, lechon, and pork bbq. 

First off, the price is unbeatable for what you get. Each main dish came with a side of rice when most Filipino restaurants make you pay a couple dollars for it. The skin of the lechon was SO crispy every bite was delicious. My husband and I really enjoyed the menudo which we both agreed was very tender and not chewy at all. My husband really enjoyed the pork bbq also. 

The employees were super friendly and very welcoming. I'm so excited to see what the future has in store for them, thank you so much for dinner!"
This family restaurant is a gem! Once they realized we had never eaten Philippine food before, they were immediately excited to explain each dish to my family. All 6 sisters running the place were very kind and you could tell they like sharing their culture and recipes! We ordered 8 items and they were all eaten with the exception of the veggies as they were odd tasting to us.
Best Filipino food in Florida! Every dish is delicious!  Staff is friendly!  All sisters working together!
Really nice place. A good place to eat if you can handle being treated like family. A family place that makes you feel like you are part of them. A lot of laughter and just good food
"Stupendously Awesome Food & Incredibly Friendly Staff. 
I drive 30+ minutes 2X a week just for their Pancit .
Awesome,  Awesome,  Awesome..."
Very good Lumpia, bbq and pancit.  We took takeout and the inays behind the counter were so accommodating!
"If you are looking for a traditional turo-turo Filipino restaurant. This is a ""go to"" place. Their food is really good. It takes me back home and it warms and comforts my heart. Their GG (galunggong fish) is cooked to crisp, their Bangus (Milkfish) is also cooked to crisp, pair it with their special vinegar dipping sauce and its a party! Their menudo is made so traditional that it reminded me of Angono, Rizal! On top of that, the lovely ladies of the kitchen will also greet you with their beautiful smiles. I would definitely come back at this restaurant again."
The food was absolutely wonderful and fresh. Properly prepared and great value for the price. I highly recommend it. The servers was so friendly and helpful.Thank you Inay's kitchen .i will definitely come back. Mabuhay ka Inay's kitchen
"this is home away from home. the food is good and the staff is really friendly and will make you feel welcome. its a long drive from where im staying but worth the drive.

will definitely visit again if had the chance."
Food was good. The lumpia was small and had a lot of wrapper, though. There are plenty of seats to eat in. My girlfriend had a small party and it was a little cramped, for all the guests, but it's good for a fast, pickup lunch.
We thoroughly enjoyed our lunch of Pork & Chicken Kabob, pancit, , adobo, menudo  and Paksiw.  The servings are ample enough to share.  The selection of food is typical turo- turo, chosen at rear of restaurant.  Wish soy or calamansi was offered or on table, but overall, we were satisfied and will gladly return.  We regret that we live too far for delivery!
Great Filipino classics cooked by six sisters. Pancit, Adobo, Lechon....they're all here. Good portions and home cooking. What more do you want?
Only open for 3 mo's and I am SO thankful for Yelp! This place is legit Filipino home cooking if you're craving a good family style meal. This is the only Filipino restaurant near us without dealing with traffic.  There are pre-cooked menu items and cooked to order items. We thoroughly enjoyed the sinigang, palabok, and sisig. The halo halo was filled with goodies and we left nothing behind. We are def coming back! Everyone in the kitchen is super friendly!
Me and my husband loves to eat, so we are not afraid to try different restaurants trying to find a good place to dine in. I have to say that Inay's Kitchen, is one of the best restaurant we've ever tried! Besides from their affordable food, you will get 2 entrees with rice already only for $10.99! I don't know why others keep complaining about the price knowing that in any other restaurants, you will spend almost the same price or maybe more by just getting a not so fancy and unhealthy dish. Plus, you don't have to worry about the parking space and inside was very spacious; which makes me more comfortable to eat! Also, while dining in there, you will get a chance to chill a little bit by watching Filipino shows or sing in their karaoke. :) The service was also great and the servers are so cheerful. So, good job everyone! Keep it up and I highly recommend for you guys to try this restaurant! :)
The moment I heard about a Filipino restaurant,  I knew I had to go.  I went today with my family and I'm here to attest to all the great reviews.  I was born and raised in the Philippines and since moving to Orlando I have not found a great Filipino restaurant,  so I have been relying on my travels to California to satisfy that craving,  but after today,  I can say I have never been more excited to eat at this place again.  The atmosphere is exactly as you would expect if you were back home (P.I). If you have never tried Filipino food,  then please head over and try it and you will not be disappointed.  Punta kayong lahat
"It was home away from home! My husband, daughter, & I have been here at Orlando for 5days and we missed Filipino food. Based on the reviews here on Yelp we chose to go to Inay's Kitchen and we're glad that we did. The service was great and everyone was friendly. They had regular customers when we got there that recommended their sisig and bbq! It was a good choice as well as the pork sinigang which was my husband's favorite. They were also accommodating as we wanted to order from the menu even though they told it was going to take a while compare to the food that were ready to go. They even gave us complimentary lumpias while we wait! They even turned the tv towards our seat so we too can enjoy some tfc show! They were really friendly to my daughter and my daughter enjoyed the food as well as giving the ladies(workers) flying kisses(blowing them kisses) and showing off her ""Beautiful eyes"".  Thank you to everyone there at Inay's!"
"Yum!!! A family owned and operated Filipino restaraunt. Being retired military we've eaten all over the world and Filipino cuisine was always a favorite. We are THRILLED to have found Inay's! They just opened 2 weeks ago. 

The food is AUTHENTIC and 5 Star as Filipino food goes. The decor is very casual (3 Star) and there are still things needed...but they just opened. I have no doubt that their popularity will explode as soon as they get more exposure. Go try it!

We had the lumpia, pancit, pork and chicken kabobs and chicken w/veggies. It was PERFECT! Way to go Linda, Lorena and the rest of the family!!"
What a great experience.  Home style cooking at its best .. Filipino style.    Everything we ate was great and they were so friendly.  My family had never had Filipino food and they were great with helping us figure out what to eat.   We finished the night with karaoke.  Lots of fun.
Great food, very friendly service and karaoke was fun...reasonable prize...my sister and I went there for my bday because we miss our native food.  We are planning to go back again.
Stopped in with friends and he was Filipino and been wanting to try this. We the 3 of us stopped in and he did the ordering for us lol. I don't remember the names of the plates but pics should help. It's a small place and they had a band playing.  So we ordered pork skewers, curry pineapple chicken, beef dish, thin noodle dish and a thick noodle dish. The skewer was good, my fav was the curry chicken nice flavor between the curry and pineapple. The chicken was drum and wings also had potato and carrot in it. The beef dish also had good flavor also had potato and carrot in it, good gravy. Kinda reminded me of beef stew. The thin pasta dish was good had cabbage and chicken in it. The thicker pasta was not for me. Took a bit then figure out it had shrimp on the bottom. I don't do seafood, hate the flavor. So this was not for me. My friend was extremely happy and it does reprint the Filipino food. I really enjoyed and and we shall be back to try other things. The staff was. Ice and friendly.
"This hole in the wall delivers excellent Filipino food just like my hypothetical Filipino grandma used to make.  When you walk in you go to the back of the restaurant where there is an open kitchen and various food options on display to order.  If you are unfamiliar with Filipino food the staff will explain what everything is and make a recommendation.  It would be helpful they add a display with pictures and descriptions as well like the ones you see in Chinese take out places.

One word of caution - skip the egg rolls as they were not up to the quality levels of their other options.  The highlight of the dinner was their pork adobo - very tender and flavorful.  A must try.  Their skewers were also very good.  They also had free Karaoke so that was a surprise bonus.  Definitely jump out of your comfort zone and try the food here.  The service is very friendly and the food won't disappoint you."
"Very good Filipino food and excellent service.  Ordered the sinigang, pancit, and dinuguan . They were all delicious and ordered the halo halo for dessert


Inay's kitchen makes me feel like home and I'll definitely be back"
This place was so goooood. Their lechon is off the hook, the skin was crispy but the inside is nice and soft/juicy. We went right when they opened so the food was fresh. Everything else was good and the sauce for their fish was amazing! The staff make you feel like family, they invited us to come visit again for karaoke night :) lol did not have time though since it was a short vacation.
"We love Asian food but never had a chance to try Filipino food, so when we stumbled across this place we have decided to take a chance and grab a take-out since we were in a rush.
The food turned out to be great, they have their unique twist, we will definitely come back for more.
The staff is we're extremely nice and friendly, place is clean, no disturbing smells."
If you want to try authentic Filipino food. This is the place to go. The lumpia are amazing
"I didn't get the chance to take pictures of the food but they were really good. The hospitality was nice and the food were really great. 

I haven't had sisig in a while and they made a pretty good tasting sisig I've ever had. 

Thank you for the food and when I come back to Orlando, I'll be sure to stop by again here."
"Thanks to Mr. Scott Joseph, I found my new comfort food spot! The set-up will throw off a lot of people but to me, it feels very home-y because a lot of eateries in the west coast and back in motherland is set-up like this. The ladies there are super sweet, kind, and treated me like I'm part of their family.

I cannot wait to come back and try other things! The turon was calling my name but I was sooooo fulllll!! :D"
We are so fortunate to have a Filipino restaurant like this in our area.  The staff are so freindly and accommodating.  I work downtown and call ahead to pick up an order on my way home as it has proven to be so convenient!  They even have 500 payment in karaoke on the weekends.  Walter cry if you ever get a chance
This was our first time visiting and we will definitely be back!  The beef steak, adobo chicken, and noodles were outstanding and extremely flavorful.  Even the egg roll appetizers were amazing.  Our server, Chris, was very polite and helpful with the menu. Being somewhat new to Filipino food, we look forward to returning to try other menu items. 2 thumbs up!!
Great food. Best Filipino food in a while. The crispy pata was so juicy and the liempo was super flavorful! We had to eat here two days in a row from Virginia! Great eats! I recommend going and ordering some Halo halo after a hot day in the Orlando sun!
Visited this place after our cruise. We were craving Filipino food and they did not disappoint. Call ahead and they will prepare your food so when you arrive you can eat right away. This place is small with limited seating. But overall, it's awesome.
We drove here from WDW after craving some filipino food.  I used my trusty yelp app and found this gem of a restaurant. It was a drive, but it was worth it.  The food was very tasty.  The dinuguan was so delicious, it tasted like my grandma used to make.  The kare kare was okay, I still believe no one makes this better than my mom, but with bagoong, anything tastes good.  My family devoured the pancit!  The restaurant is small and there are more take out orders than eat in orders.  The staff is very friendly and efficient.  If you are in the area and are craving home cooked Filipino food, then this is definitely the place to go.
Being from Hawaii, I'm impressed not only with the food but the customer service.. Food was awesome especially the crispy pasta and sinigang... I recommend all Filipinos who live in Florida to stop by... 2 thumbs up!!!!
Was very happy with this place. I had the stuffed squid, and the pancit. Both were very good.
The food was cooked when we ordered it so it was a little slow but it was worth the wait. Small restaurant with big taste.
Authentic Philippine Food and its amazingly Delicious, Good Price, Friendly Staff and Clean Restaurant. Totally Recommended for everyone We Love it and were happy customers.
An authentic filipino restaurant with friendly service. Pork overload and definitely not for the healthy conscious, but if you want down-to-earth no-nonsense personable restaurant, this is the place to go!
Kabayan Grill was perfect for our stay in the Orlando area. Everything was so delicious and reminded my family and I of the Philippines. The food was excellent and we all tried something different. The Halo Halo was my favorite part of the meal! The service was excellent; everyone working there were incredibly nice and gracious. I definitely recommend this restaurant to locals and tourists alike.
I tried the sisig for the first time and it was amazing. I've been craving it ever since. My daughter had the chicken adobo and she said it taste just like mine. So that's a good thing. The lumpia was great. Great authentic Filipino food
"Cool little Filipino restaurant.

I was skeptical given:
a) Not too many ratings so I take the 5 star rating with a grain of salt
b) I'm from the San Francisco Bay area where we have Filipino restaurants everywhere

I ordered two items :  Pork Sisig and Chicken Adobo. 

Warning: The food does take awhile to cook so be prepared. If I had to do it over again I would have called in my order. 

They messed up my order as well but it's all good it was an honest mistake. Regardless the food was very good and on par with the better filipino spots in the SF Bay Area. I would definitely return but as mentioned would probably call in my order next time."
This place is one of the best filipino food restaurant I have had in Florida! People are so nice and the food was outstanding! Definitely wirth the visit! And they also have the #hugotwall which is pretty hilarious! Another plus, they're very clean!
"Excellent food and service. Nice ambience. Ordered their ""crispy pata "" DELICIOUS & CRISPY"". We'll be back again. Our server Chris is very friendly and knowledgeable and gave us good recommendations."
It's great to find a Filipino Restaurant after spending most of my time at the hotel as Hurricane Irma passes by, and a lot of restaurants were closed. The food was great, friendly and awesome service too! The place is clean and cozy. We ordered sizzling sisig, kare-kare, inihaw na pusit, inihaw na liempo, inihaw na pompano, pinakbet, pork sinigang, pancit canton, sago at gulaman for drinks, halo-halo and turon for dessert. Everything was delicious, we ordered more food to take to our hotel before we head back to Miami. We will be back for sure!
Absolutely amazing!!! True Filipino food will be coming back for a lifetime. The staff is very friendly and I love the writing on the walls very nice decoration but not to much. Highly recommend for anyone even families.
My family and I are from CA and enjoyed the Filipino food here. Tasted just the way my Grandma or Mom would make Filipino food. The portions were great and the food was excellent. Only reason there is not a fifth star is because the place lacks in space and sometimes the server would forget some of what we ordered. Besides that, come here if you want traditional Filipino food! I recommend the Pancit Canton, Kare Kare and their Ube Ice cream!
I am so happy that there is finally a great Filipino restaurant in Orlando. We ordered the sizzling sisig, sizzling bangus, crispy pata, pakbet, and the grilled pusit. Everything was delicious and the prices were very reasonable. A lot of times my standards for Filipino food are very high since my parents cook it all the time, but this restaurant really hit the mark.
Per my husband crispy pata is perfect & he is very hard to please. Pakbet is good, and they have Filipino channel which is a plus for the TFC avid fan.
Very very yummy! The customer service was excellent and everything that we ordered was served hot and in a prompt manner. The employees were very friendly and the food was so tasty! Coming from New York, I've had my share of Filipino food in Queens, but this place exceeds my taste bud's expectations for a restaurant in another state. Definitely enjoying my vacation & will definitely visit next time I come to Orlando! One of the best, I definitely recommend them! If you want delicious Filipino food- and just happen to be in Florida -COME HERE !!!
If you are in Kissimmee or Orlando, this is a good place to stop for Filipino food.  It's new, but the food is delicious and very affordable.  Will be coming back for sure
"Authentic delicious Filipino food....
Customer service is pleasant...
All around good dining experience!"
I got the sinigang and it was so good! Definitely would recommend getting that. Authentic Filipino food.
We ordered Laing and Crispy Bangus Daing - perfect match! Thoroughly enjoyed both dishes. The Laing was delicious and the Bangus was crispy and was really fatty too. We usually have left over food whenever we eat out, but not this time, we finished our plates clean! . Looking forward to our next visit and trying their other dishes.
It's an amazing filipino place, their sizzling pusit is so good you can't go wrong with it! You'll enjoy the wall decals!!! Their hugot wall is super funny
Happy that another Pinoy restaurant opened in O town!  Ordered Laing, Grilled Squid, Crispy Pata and it did not disappoint!  We don't mind driving for a good fix.  Just be prepared to wait a little bit because service can be slow.  Please put Leche Flan in your Halo-halo please? We will visit again.
Great service. Great prices. Good food. I got the pork adobo, great portion, filling, and good. My husband LOVES the halo halo. The pork egg rolls are extremely good with their sauce. A little tip, I'd call ahead just to make sure there will be seating.
Just stopped by for lunch @ Kabayan Grill and it was soooo good! We're from Texas, so finding Filipino restaurants is always a struggle. Saw Kabayan on Yelp and figured we would give it a shot. Thank you Yelp! Lunch was amazing. Need a nap after lunch kind of good. Lol. I had the sisig and it was amazing. I'm a big fan of Gerry's grill and I usually compare their sisig to everyone's and it was definitely up to par. Wife had the topsilog, the meet was so tender and flavorful. Mom had the chicken inasal. She cleaned the bone. Lol. We had the turon for dessert! WOW! Will definitely be back on our next trip to Orlando.
In one of my previous reviews I talked about the Filipino rooted Jollibee. Although delicious in its own right, it is only a tiny glimpse into Filipino cuisine. Kabayan Grill on the other hand offers full-on authentic, Filipino dishes. For those native to the Philippines or Filipino-Americans, you can relate so much to the culture and definitive taste of the dishes served. Even those untied to the the Philippines will taste and see the unique presentation and flavor of Filipino food that sets it apart from popular Asian genres such as Chinese, Thai, and Japanese. Kabayan does an excellent job of exhibiting Filipino delicacy in a small space (the restaurant holds probably about 40 people tops). One thing I will say negative about Kabayan is the wait time for some of the dishes after ordering. However, I think it was well worth it considering the quality of the food presented when it finally came out. If you're not of Filipino descent you might feel out of place but I assure you, we're all united when it comes to good food and Kabayan staff knows that and will make everyone feel welcome.
This place is amazing. Everything is delicious. Highly recommend this to any fan of Filipino cuisine or anyone who has never tried it before.
My hubby and I were craving Filipino food after a long journey from North Carolina. We decided to stop at Kabayan grill. The staff was so friendly and treated everyone like family. And the food was ahhhhhhhhhmazing & delicious! The prices were perfect and portions were large too! We have pork dinuguan, chicharon bulaklak, sisig, pinakbet, tapa, grilled squid, & lumpia. All of these dishes were soooooooo good and tastes like home cooking- Filipino soul food! We are definitely coming back for more food and recommend this place to anyone who loves delicious home cooked meals.
Love the pork belly!!! The sweet sausage breakfast combo is great too! Very friendly staff too
This used to be CID's Filipino restaurant which I enjoyed so I was curious about this new venture. A friend and I arrived on a Thursday afternoon around 4pm and were greeted right away. I ordered the chicken inasal and my guest ordered lumpia and beef sticks. The lumpia came out first fresh and very hot. They were slightly over fried but very tasty. Our entrees came out shortly after. The beef sticks were extremely good, I would highly recommend. My chicken was on the dry side but still good when paired with sweet chili sauce. Overall a good experience that I would recommend for other Filipinos to try.
"Came across this place on yelp while visiting Florida! Only giving 4 stars because I am very particular about Filipino food. I honestly would of given it a 3 star but the service made up for it! Service was friendly and really genuine. If it's not like back home then nothing really goes past a 3 star for me. I ordered a bunch of plates and the ones I had complaints about was the palabok and siopao. Palabok was too fishy and I ordered asado and was not close to what I'm use to. 
Other than that everything else was awesome! Lechon, turon, Leche flan we're our favorites!"
DELICIOUS!!!!! Their sizzling sisig is the best. Laing and sizzling bangus is so good. Very rare to come across a good Filipino restaurant and finally I can experience one locally.
Everyone in the area should try this food. Filipino food is amazing and this place knows how to cook it. The Crispy Pata is amazing and you should be able to get it every city in the world. Sadly, we don't have this Boston but Orlando does. If you are on vacation go outside your comfort zone and try Filipino food. You won't regret it.
I don't ever rave about anyone's lumpia except my lolas but this place had bomb lumpia.... bomb buko pandan... bomb beef steak... bomb EVERYTHING. I was actually very very happy with it.
Everything tasted good except for the sago at gulaman.  No biggie, any place I get it doesn't get it right.  Even in Hawaii or Pinoy Grill from Seafood City.
My go to place when im craving Filipino dish. place is really clean. staff are very friendly. food is always amazing. lomi noodles is one of my favorite. two thumbs up for me
"I approach Filipino restaurants with a degree of cynicism because like other ethnic restaurants the authenticity and flavors can range from excellent to ramen would have been better.
Kabayan is an establishment whose flavors, hospitality, and scents took me back to the Philippines. This is place is not fancy, but once you sit down you may mistake your surroundings as being in SE Asia...maybe the Filipino channel on the TV had that effect on me. Or, perhaps the newer Filipino pop and rock music that Chris (the guy behind the counter) was playing.
I had the grilled squid (inihaw na pusit) and the deep fried tripe (chicharon bulaklak). Both dishes were cooked properly. I did not get the sense that Kabayan was skimping on ingridients or quality.  The serving sizes proper, my American sized appetite would have wanted more...but that is what buffets are for. Kabayan does not have a buffet.
Finding a place Kabayan made my stat in Orlando more pleasant.  Id definitely come back to Kabayan should I return to Orlando."
The minute we went inside we were welcomed by a friendly Filipino host. Food are authentic and so delicious. I'm sure it will bring back memories from our home land.  Come and eat here you won't be disappointed.
Stopped at Kabayan for a late Sunday lunch. We called ahead our order since we were arriving within last hour of service. The staff was very accommodating. We had crispy pata, pinakbet, Bicol express, grilled squid, sago and halo-halo. The food was simply awesome. They deserve a 5-star had they not run out of ube ice cream for the halo-halo.
OMG. You need to come. And bring all your family and friends. This is one of few Filipino restaurants that's solely a restaurant. The service was friendly. They came to the table to check on us throughout our meal without being too present. The environment is casual and clean. The food did not take long to arrive at our table. The food was everything delicious! We ordered lumpiang shanghai, tokwat baboy, laing, and sizzling sisig. To drink, we had the sago't gulaman. We will be back... with family and friends
"Stopped here for a late lunch, tofu and pork app was amazing. Fried tofu was nice and fluffy while the pork was crispy layered with scallions and onions for more of a crunch. Boyfriend ordered a minced pork dish with an egg, came out sizzling! I ordered kare kare. It was sort of compared to a curry with oxtail, tripe, eggplant and peas, came with a paste added a completely different flavor. So delicious! 

I went and paid with our waiter Chris, he was so friendly. chatted for a bit, he said they were newly open for 6 months. For a new restaurant they are on the right track. Great food for a great price and great customer service too. 

Would recommend for anyone who is craving authentic Filipino food!"
Been here three times already. Recommend the crispy pata, tapasilog, kare kare, and halo halo. All very delicious. Friendly staff. Don't let the storefront fool you, this small hole in wall place serves great food.  You can even watch Filipino tv while you eat!
The Buko juice really, literally comes in a fresh coconut - something that you don't commonly find here in the US. It was sweet and very refreshing. The sinigang was very good. The crispy pata had perfectly crispy skin. The pork bbq has really good flavor.
I was in the area and found this place through Yelp, a true gem hole in the wall place. Would highly recommend the place. I love the bicol express! i also had the kwek-kwek, which I haven't had for years. And the Turon for desert is delicious. Would definitely come back if I'm in the area
Excellent food! Be sure to try the sisig! Chris and the staff were really friendly and went the extra mile to make sure we had an excellent dining experience. Go often and bring a friend!
This was an amazing, authentic experience. The food brought memories of my trip to Cavite City, Philippines and it was wonderful. It's homey, owner and staff are very nice, food tasted great and we will be back! We have had food from other Filipino restaurants in Florida, but this one takes the cake-er- Halo-Halo!!  Highly Recommend this place.
"A small hole in the wall. Searched on Yelp for places to eat for lunch before the trip back south. Saw ""Filipino"" food and decided to go for it since I've never had it before! Go figure lol.

So when we got there, grabbed a table and started ordering. The waiter said the food will be out in 20-30 minutes which is pretty common from what I gathered. We ordered a couple of appetizers which came out at a decent time. We had pork bao to share and some steamed dumplings; both very flavorful. They had quite a selection for authentic Filipino food. 

Finally, got my meal which was the pancit- stir fried clear rice noodles with veggies, shrimp, and chicken. This was very tasty; it reminded me of the lo Mein dish. The noodles were tender and the veggies were crispy. After you're done eating, take the check to the counter to pay. I didn't get to try their halo halo dessert but it looked good based on the pictures online."
First time trying Filipino food and our family loved it.  Food has plenty of flavor.  The Squid stuffed with tomatoes and onions was very yummy.  We had these noodles that were amazing with chicken and shrimp.  Overall a great experience and our server was pleasant, attentive and knew a lot about the food.  Can't wait to return again.
Never had this type of food and I'm sad I didn't try it earlier, it was amazing!!! I wasn't crazy about the grilled squid, the texture was very weird, like raw. I'm probably going to make some Filipinos mad with this, but I had them cook the squid again for longer, and it turned out a little better. Now I had the pork belly with the garlic rice and the sizzing pork and chicken liver; those two were amazing!!!
"I really had high hopes for this place. I'm not completely knocking this place down, but it was about average for me, and here's why:

Food: 3/5
My boyfriend got the chicken adobo, and I got the fried chicken and spaghetti. We shared an order of pork spring rolls. None of those items were up to par. My spaghetti had way, way, WAY too much sauce in it. The sauce, itself tasted like spaghetti-o's, like something from out of a can. However, the fried chicken on top was amazing. It was extremely crispy, and the skin of the chicken cracked with each bite. My boyfriend's entree was interesting. Half of his plate was very bland, and the other half was over seasoned. The chicken was extremely rich, but with the bland rice, it wasn't half bad. The pork rolls were crunchy, and something expected with taste. I do want to mention that their plating here is beautifully done. I feel like the plating is something out of a 5-star restaurant. They also only have about 10 entrees to choose from, which is disappointing to me.

Prices: 4/5
Their prices are actually not that bad! You do get pretty big portions with what you are ordering. We left here paying under 40 for everything. It was a decent date.

Service: 4/5
It was pretty good. The guy we had seemed excited for us to be there, which was nice. He also brought out an ice cold jug of water, to start us off, which I really liked. It saves everyone time! He was also pretty informative, as well. Answering any questions he could. Can't complain.

Location: 3/5
While the location itself is nice (grand view area) the building was not. It is an old Tim Hortons, and you can clearly tell. I hope they end up moving to match the interior of the building, or at least do some renovations. But, hey, it is just the beginning for them. 

Environment: 4/5
While it may be an old Tim Hortons building on the inside, that past is long forgotten when you enter. They have a bar in here, that is really pretty. All the liquor is on a shelf with blue lighting, and the rest of the place is well decorated and very chic. It is a neat little experience coming here.

Overall: 3/5
The experience itself, was really neat, but the food wasn't what I was expecting. I have had Filipino food several times before and loved it, so I know it isn't the cuisine. This place has such good reviews that I WILL most definitely return, because maybe I missed something, or it was a bad day. I'm not sure. I hope next time it will be better, and I will update my review according to future visits."
This was a fantastic lunch! The flavors were amazing. Great presentation. Authentic and fresh. Attentive service, clean and upbeat atmosphere. I will be back as often as I can...
This place is off the beaten path but do not let that deter you. The food here is great. I had the pork springs rolls were delicious, the kare kare was good but I probably should have chosen a different entree. We had halo halo for dessert which was great. As for cocktails, we shared the Barkada. Menu says it serves 2-4 but the two of us finished it with no problem. I have never tried a drink that had carnations floating around in it. The drink was good but it could use a tad more alcohol for the price.
Had a great experience today that is near and dear to my heart. After spending 6 months in the Philippines a few years ago I have to say I am in love with the people, culture and the food. One thing many Filipinos will tell you is that events big or small, special or common all revolve around the people and food.  Today I was blessed to have just that, good friends and good food. We got a variety of food including chicken adobo ( the national dish) and pork tocino accompanied by garlic rice topped with a perfectly fried egg and a fresh cucumber and tomato salad ( hint use the pink vinegar on the table to top the salad :-) The meal was also accompanied by a lovely chicken and rice soup with fried garlic and green onion. Lastly for dessert we had Turon which is much like a spring roll that has been stuffed with banana and jackfruit then lightly fried and topped with powdered sugar and caramel sauce. While I was left wanting Bicol Express and Kaldereta I was not at all disappointed. If only I could get it for 80 pesos like in the Philippines (Chos!)it was well worth the cost. If you are curious about Filipino cuisine this is a great place to satisfy their curiosity I will hopefully return soon.
This is the first upper scale Filipino place I've eaten at. The arroz caldo, bistek, and Halo Halo were all quite good. The only reason this isn't 5 stars is the portion size / price. I would expect more food for the price, or a little lighter price to compensate. I would definitely go again.
"Went here before their official grand opening for their limited brunch menu. My friend and I tried the tocino (bacon-esque pork) which was very savory and sweet and overall delicious.

The tocino came with garlic fried rice which was decent, however, we also got an arroz caldo (rice porridge) which was really really delicious.

My friend had the ube chicken and waffles which he absolutely loved, definitely interested in coming back and trying more of their menu, especially their dinner and drinks menu!

This place is a bit pricey but for its authenticity I would definitely recommend going for the experience. The place has great urban yet traditional aesthetics like banana leaves on the table. Also the place is a bit small, so if you have a larger party make sure to get there early before the dinner rush!"
This was my first experience with Filipino food and...wow! We had Kare Kare fries, adobo chicken, and pancit bihon. Amazing flavors, beautiful food, great service, and a fun atmosphere. Will definitely be back!
"Its not often I go to a restaurant and like every single aspect of my meal.  This for sure was one of them!  I went for brunch on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty.  I have 2 kids and they were able to accommodate with highchairs.  I had a cocktail and a guava mimosa, both were super yummy.  My husband ordered the young coconut- how cool!  Literally just a coconut and it was delicious.  I ordered the chicken and waffles, oh my gosh were they delicious.  The sauce they put on the waffles, it was super sweet.  To balance the dish out you have a savory chicken with gravy.  SO GOOD.  My husband got the bonaficio dish.  It was a sampling of their meats with an egg and rice.  First they bring out the chicken soup dish and it looks...not great.  We tried it and fell in love.  So much flavor in a dish!  I loved it. Then his meal was also amazing.  I liked the ""bacon"" meat (not really bacon).  The meats were all delicious.  For dessert we had the ube ice cream sandwiches.  Again, AMAZING!  The prices were also very reasonable.  I for sure would go back to this place again, amazing food!  It also has its own parking lot."
"Was here for Boodle night. It was absolutely one of the most exciting dining experiences I have ever had. Don't be scared, go for it!
 
You basically eat off the table (covered in giant Palm leaves and with your hands. Eating rice and ripping your chicken apart is a little weird but part of the appeal. We picked Java rice (OMG so good!!) the chicken insala and pork belly.We also got the Chinese long beans and the marinated salad.

The food was fresh, hot and so yummy. I was very pleasantly surprised. I have never had Filipino food so I can't speak for authenticity. The flavored were on point! My absolutely favorite thing was the Java rice, best rice I have had in my life."
"The food was so good!  And I really loved the cocktails. Their happy hour has great prices, too. 
I highly recommend upgrading to the garlic rice with your meal, you won't regret it."
"I didn't know that Filipino breakfast was a thing, but I'm so glad it is. Went on a whim when I was in Columbus for the weekend and craved it until I was back for more a few weekends later. 

Ambiance: Our waitress that we have had the same every time was phenomenal. She was happy to explain every detail of the menu knowing that many of the foods weren't common. She honestly really made the experience welcoming and fun. Other than that, excellent place for a casual brunch date but also for a larger group gathering. 

Food: I have only been for brunch but was told that many of the items were the same through out their menus. First, Arroz Caldo (rice porridge) did not sound great but came with the meal and I'm so glad it did. Great chicken broth flavor while still feeling fresh with the scallions and egg. My boyfriend and I split both the Fried Chicken and Ube (purple yam) waffles and Tocino. The fried chicken and ube waffles are an absolute must for the first time. We even asked for some of the coconut Carmel syrup Togo and they happily obliged. Didn't make the cut for the second time. The TOCINO, one of the best and most unique items I have ever had for brunch. The sweet bacon was well balanced with the rice and egg. It was the true star. On the second time, he chicken adobo was good but fairly unmemorable, overshadowed by the Tocino (again). 

Will be going back time and time again."
"My first try of Filipino food, and I was not disappointed. Full disclosure:  I am not Filipino, and have no history of exposure to this cuisine, so can only comment as a complete MIdwesterner. But my husband and I enjoyed the food at Bonifacio very much. 

The restaurant is smallish, and tables are a bit close together, but we didn't feel crowded. The music from the long bar which lines one side of the room is on the loud side--this is more of a busy, bustling vibe than a quiet dinner spot, but families can feel really comfortable here.

I just had to try the fried chcken and spaghetti, and there is a reason this dish appears at almost all holiday and birthday parties in the Philippines. It's hearty, homey, and delicious. It will seriously fill you up, as in, maybe I don't want breakfast the next day. The sauce is meaty (I understand that hot dogs are traditional, but here, I think the addition was a firm, not spicy sausage.) The banana ketchup gives it a sweetness, but not sugary or cloying, just really rich tasting.The chicken was a perfect crispy counterpoint. Definitely pair this dish with a cold beer.

They may have been short-staffed when we were there, because our waitress seemed to be covering all the tables and service was super-friendly but slow. Still, a nice change from burgers and fries or the usual Chinese fare."
This was my first visit & I was impressed! Very nice & clean restaurant; the food was superb. I had the Bonibowl with Chicken Adobo & Garlic Rice. Loved. The bubble tea was good also, just wish it was larger in size. I so look forward to my next visit...
Great food, really nice place to come and relax. My favorite drink is the mayon volcano. The kare kare fries are good as well.
"This. was. amazing. I have never had Filipino food before, and had the luck to eat here last night at a private kamayan for my sister-in-law's birthday. Kamayan is where the table is covered with banana leaves and a whole smorgasbord of food is laid out for you to eat with your hands. If you have a chance to buy tickets to one of their kamayan events, it is definitely worth the price and you should DO. IT.

For a cocktail, I had a boozy lychee bubble tea, which was fantastic. I love bubble tea, so having the option of a booze version was something I couldn't pass up. It tasted light and tropical. I also was able to taste the ""Oh Bae"" cocktail, which had ube in it. It tasted like a sweet tart. Very good, but maybe not something I could drink an entire glass of - it was a strong flavor. 

First thing out for the kamayan was balut. The fertilized duck egg. Despite everyone else at the table saying how good it tasted, I couldn't mentally get past it. However, my fiance ate three. He didn't grow up eating adventurously, so it must have been delicious. Maybe next time I'll just close my eyes.

Then came the spread. First, a layer of rice was put down, and covered in spring rolls, sausages, chicken skewers, bbq chicken, fish, pork belly, and vegetables. I have to make special mention of the sausages. I am not normally a sausage person, but these were the highlight of the meal for me. The outside had a great snap, while the inside was rich and savory without being greasy. The chicken (both types) was also a star, and perfectly cooked. The vegetables were a nice contrast to the rich meat, with steamed bok choi and some sort of daikon/carrot/pepper shredded cold vinegary slaw or relish type thing. 

I ate until I was stuffed, and I am wanting more at 8AM the next day.

Dessert was a small dish of halo halo, which I'd actually had before. The ube ice cream was fantastic, as was the flan (both made in house). The star for me was the red beans. I have always loved red bean buns or red bean mochi, so I could have had a whole bowl with just those. However, there were also some fruit gels, shredded coconut, and other beans, along with jackfruit, which was a bit off-putting to me. It tasted fine at first, but the aftertaste it left in my mouth was a bit off-putting, although everyone else seemed to love it. Plenty weren't a fan of the beans, so it was easy to swap.

The whole thing was a unique experience AND delicious. Service was quick, with good explanations of what we were eating for those of us new to Filipino food. I am looking forward to going back and trying their brunch!"
I've had Bonificio's bookmarked for a while and I was really looking forward to trying their food. I have to say first off I was disappointed in the menu. Their selection is very limited, we didn't want full meals just a couple appetizers to share and there wasn't much at all to choose from. We ended up getting some lumpia rolls and the pork belly steamed buns. The rolls were good, crispy and hot but they didn't have any definitive taste, anything to make it stand out from any other good roll you've ever had. The steamed buns were good again, nothing stand out, infact I would have thought the pork belly skin would be crispier and was quite let down that it wasn't. I also got an individual portion of the Komunidad cocktail, I wasn't impressed. Strong alcohol flavor with no sweetness. The coconut milk in it was clumpy in texture I really didn't enjoy it. I will say our server was very nice and helpful so that was a plus but overall I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back here.
"I'll start out with the good:
-The space looks amazing, especially considering what it used to look like
-The service was great-- I know others have complained, but our server was very sweet and walked us through the menu
-The sisig fries and the chicken skewers were delicious, though very salty (which I'm cool with)

The meh:
Our group tried both stews.  The Kare Kare tasted like straight, liquified peanut butter.  I couldn't taste much else with it. The Kaldereta was very good.  It tasted exactly like a hungarian/polish/central European goulash, so just not something new for the taste buds. We also tried the Halo Halo.  We tried the individual toppings, but it really does taste much better when you ""mix-mix"" it.  That being said, it was still just far too sweet for my taste. 

The bad: 
The pancit.  It was horrible. I've had friends make homemade pancit for potlucks and I beg to take home the leftovers, so I was pumped to try theirs.  This was actually inedible-- I'm not sure what was off, but it tasted almost as if the only seasoning was fish sauce (and I'm cool with fish sauce).  But the flavor was overwhelming and it's probably the only time I can remember not eating something I ordered because it was so displeasing. It also had my stomach rioting before I even left the restaurant. 

Honestly, not sure if I'd come back, but glad I tried it."
Went for lunch (brunch menu) today and everything was great. We got the chicken adobo, milkfish, and corned beef hash. Nice size bar, fully stocked. Staff was all pleasant and adequately attentive. Will be back to try dinner!
"I would probably rate this a 3.5 stars, but I am rounding up to a 4 star. 

I haven't been to very many Filipino restaurants, and I wanted to give Bonifacio a try as they served classic Filipino dishes such as Longanisa sausage and Adobo chicken. I went for brunch, as I had not had tried Filipino breakfast food before.

I decided to try the kalamansi green tea, as it was something I never had before. It was interesting, little bit of a lemon flavor, little bit bitter, but overall not too bad. I also got the Bonifacio, which is a combination breakfast that contains longanisa, tocino, corned beef hash, rice, and an egg. The longanisa and tocino were solid, but nothing extraordinary. The corned beef hash, rice, and egg, were fairly standard restaurant fare. Every entree also came with rice porridge, which was tasty but nothing amazing.

Not the best Filipino restaurant I've been to, but solid nonetheless."
"Bonifacio is a great addition to the Grandview area! This building used to be a Tim Hortons and then switched over a few times so I hope Bonifacio stays around so I can try some more of their traditional Filipino dishes as well as some of the cocktails!

We were looking for somewhere open kind of late on a weeknight and they are open until 10 which was nice (I hate going into places within 30 minutes of closing). 

The cocktail list looked great but I was in the mood for just a quick bite. We ordered the Lumpiang Shanghai appetizer, which were pork spring rolls... they had an awesome sauce and were cooked just right!  Then we decided to split the fried chicken and spaghetti, which sounded different but was great. The chicken was fried perfectly and the spaghetti had some seasoning that to me resembled Cincinnati style chili. We both really enjoyed this. 

Since I shared a meal I had to try a dessert! The Turon was recommended and hit the spot. It's like a sliding roll with fruit and a delicious caramel dipping sauce. 

We sat at the bar and the service was also great. The food came out quickly and was hot and fresh. 

We will definitely be back to try some more Filipino favorites!"
"Met a friend here yesterday and I have nothing but good to say.  I walked in before they were open but they were very welcoming and friendly.  Got a beer and chatted up the server Charlie.  Let me tell you, she absolutely MADE this place.  We were made to feel so welcome.  I had a beer while waiting for my friend and Charlie and I talked about being in the restaurant biz (I was for over 20 years).  This made me feel like I was back in the restaurant I worked.
Friend came and we opted to order apps (half off at happy hour!) and small plates (a buck off at happy hour!)
We were not disappointed.  We had the fried garlic peanuts.  Delicious.  Fried Chicken skins.  I mean how can that not be good?  Fried pork spring rolls.  Okay now that I look at what we ate I don't know why my heart isn't hurting.  Then we had the fried...geesh Mike, really?  Anyway the fried pork sliders.  VERY GOOD probably my favorite.  We also shared the sizzling steak which was awesome. 
I'm super excited to go back and try more.  But, and let me hit this home, the whole experience was MADE because of Charlie."
"Food is exceptional. I used to have a Filipino neighbor that cooked all of these dishes so it was a bit nostalgic. Ordered these to share as a table - Atchara, lumpiang, bbq chicken skewers, sizzling bistek, pancit, and chicken inasal. All I highly recommend. Everything was cooked to perfection. The vinegar sauce on the table is also a little kick to add to any meal. Will be returning for certain.

Only knocking off one star because of the service. Seated us but didn't have any menus... Cocktails ordered before the food came out after appetizers & dinner... asked for no sausage in pancit but it had it mixed in... only saw 2 people total working the bar - hostess stand - waiting tables so they may have just been severely short staffed as they were running around like crazy and super apologetic. Hoping this was the case and will change my review to 5 star if next time is different."
"I was here for dinner with my boyfriend on a Sunday night. There were only two tables occupied when we arrived. The waiter was very friendly and had carefully explained the menu to us. I had ordered the sisig from the small plates section while my boyfriend had ordered the grilled chicken inasal. I was actually looking forward to try out their sisig as I was craving for it. The sisig was served on a sizzling pan but it had slightly burned the bottom leaving a slight bitter taste. However, my boyfriend had enjoyed his meal and recommends it. We had also ordered the fried chicken skin which was crispy and delicious but definitely meant for sharing. The ube milkshake monster style is also a must try! The presentation was instagram worthy and at first I thought it would be too sweet but it turned out perfect. 

Overall we will definitely return to try out their brunch and lunch menu."
Ordered fried chicken and (purple yam) waffles for brunch and butter is coconut flavored!!! Chicken porridge tastes great too
"Disclaimer: Not Filipino, know nothing about Filipino food. 

They had a preview menu with just breakfast and brunch stuff available a bit before opening, so I stopped in for take-out to get a feel for the place. Now I have no idea whether Chicken and Waffles are considered a part of Filipino culture (and I admit I probably should have tried one of their Silong breakfast platters first), but damn if this wasn't the best version of this dish I've had in quite a while. I wouldn't say that they have the absolute best fried chicken or the absolute best waffles, but the combination here with the sauce and syrup they provide is absolutely amazing. I can't wait to go back after opening and try their more traditional food (and I will update this when I do). If this dish is any indication of the quality we can expect, though, I think this place will be fantastic.

Update: Had the milkfish Silong platter and it was great! It came with some fantastic Filipino-style congee (very flavorful, had bits of chicken and green onions, broth was good too), and the fish itself was tender and delicious. It came with some very lightly fried rice with garlic on top, which had a nice texture to it that seems unique to this type of cuisine. Again, this is purely a layman's perspective on Filipino food, but I'm really liking this place so far. I'll try dinner and report back.

Worth mentioning as well that the staff was extremely friendly and always eager to answer questions. This place looks pretty fancy on the inside, but don't let that scare you away from walking in in shorts and a T-shirt like I did! They're very welcoming here!"
"This is my new favorite place.  I met my husband Mike H. and Gwen W. for happy hour on Friday.  I had been here when it was Thai Basil, which I liked very much and felt sad when they closed.  The new owners have made great use of the space.  There is a full bar and plenty of seating.  The service was wonderful.  The drinks and food were outstanding.  

My one issue was the specialty cocktail (most for $5 at HH) I had was half frou frou and not enough drink.  I chose a glass of wine for my second drink.  

I've posted pics of our shared appetizers and small plates:  Pritong Tokwa (crispy fried tofu squares), Asado Siobao (tofu sliders), BBQ Chicken (skewers).  All tasted great and I would get the same again.

I can't wait to return!"
"For the first-timer, expect a cozy, quaint restaurant with huge windows and a great bar (think tiki style). The cocktails are made to order, often with one-of-a-kind concoctions that are smooth but higher-priced. 
I tried the Chicken Adobo which was well balanced and filling.
Can't wait to try again!"
Went on a friend's birthday. Our server was really nice, he found out we had a birthday and gave us a dessert on the house. The food was great too. I got the tocino and it was amazing. Very flavorful and kind of greasy but was tasted sooooo good. A bit on the pricey side but it was worth every penny.
I love this place! Always quality food and service. Love having an authentic Filipino restaurant here in Columbus!  I am always recommending Bonifacio to all my friends!
Went for brunch it was delicious. Service was fast and the staff was nice and courteous.
"Amazing brunch! Great service! Both food and drink were awesome.  Our server Mikey was awesome! Will definitely be back.

After having a great brunch, a few months later my friend and I decided to have dinner at Bonifacio. We were overall so pleased by our experience! From the start, again Mikey treated us so well! She was so friendly and welcoming. She offered us great insight into the menu. Overall the entire staff treated us so kindly!!!  They almost gave a feeling of family! I left with the desire to work there myself! 
As for the food, we were so pleased with our dishes! I had the Sizzing Sisig (a favorite of Mikey's). It was savory, decadent, and delicious! My friend had the classic chicken adobo and loved it! We will definitely be back for their great happy hour deal, and to try lots more of their flavorful dishes, and experience the friendly service once again!"
The food, drinks and dessert were all great.  I went twice, once for brunch and another time for lunch. Great experience.  Get the longanisa and the turon.
"Definitely a place I would recommend. 
Good looking food, that I wanted to try all my friends dishes as well. Hahaha. Also, not just the looks, tastes good as well. 
My friend who had the milkshake said, ""The best milkshake I have ever had!"" . Got to try the milkshake next time."
Beautiful presentation, friendly staff, and delicious food. A rare gem located in Central Ohio and an addition from the owners of Red Velvet Cafe Columbus, this is a one of a kind place that is family owned and operated. My friends will vouch for me but I love everything so much I order at least two meals at a time. For myself. Whether it's hunger or greed, it doesn't matter, it's all for me.
An OK stop every once in awhile. More times than not, however, when we have been there -- they've been out of a lot of menu items and very limited ok vegetarian options.
We spent $87 for dinner for 2 adults and 2 kids.  Thought the price was steep, given we had NO alcoholic drinks. Food was good, but with the restaurant air conditioner broken, it was hard to enjoy. We spent $30 for basically the same dinner at another Filipino restaurant in town, where the food was just as good.
"This place is different.

I've been here twice - once with my more ""we have to try the true ethnic cuisine items"" friend and once for the Christmas feast.

So the first time - totally experimental, fertilized egg, random foods, desserts, a little bit of everything. And... the egg was too much for me (haha, my friend loved it) - but the food and desserts are amazeballs.

And the Christmas feast? I bought tickets for - and it was AMAZING. Super friendly staff, AMAZING food, and luckily, great company for the evening!

I recommend it because it's different, the service was great, and the drinks are tasty!"
***** okay I can't get enough of the stars hahaha so good, my fave red horse beer gggrrr I took home a few, well heck If walmart sells them, Filipinos will be buying them instantly! Adobo, kare2x and the kinilaw ggrrr thank goodness I lived an hour and half away from the resto or I will be the first person knocking. Just love to see that a lot of Americans are loving our foods. Salamat, salamat ng  marami it feels like home.
"I've been here twice for dinner since my initial review, and I only love this place more.

They've recently updated the menu, and while I do miss one of the old dishes, I'm impressed with the new offerings.  The Green Jackfruit curry is a fantastic vegan option (and is my new gold-standard for how good jackfruit can be in a dish).

Service continues to be friendly and knowledgable.  This place is truly a gem!"
My friend has been waitressing here for some time and after seeing SnapChats of longanissa and porridge on her story enough times, I decided that going in and trying it out for myself was the move. So I did, on a Saturday morning, hungover. The porridge brought me back to life (both when I ate it at the restaurant, and when I ate it later in the afternoon from the free serving they gave me for the road). The longanissa was some of the best meat I have ever had, and the staff was so friendly. Glad SnapChat has finally contributed to my life in a positive way.
I've never had filipino food before, but friends told us this was a really good place.  And they were so right!  I was a little skeptical at first, but I'd go back and get more food.  We went for breakfast.  The food was large in portions.  The flavors were diverse, and I wish I could have had a second helping.  What I enjoyed about the menu is that is lists what is gluten free, vegan, and vegetarian.  My friend and I both have severe food allergies.  Our waiter was able to help us with the ingredients list from what we needed to know.
"Having tried and loved Filipino food at the Asian Festival, and hearing all the buzz about this place, I had to stop in eventually.  It's far from my usual paths (sorry Grandview- I'm just not that into you.)  But I found some time to swing by, and I'm glad I did.

It's in a cool little building, open and airy inside with lots of light wood, etc.  Soft music, nice place to hang out with friends for food or drinks.  

I skipped drinks since I was on the way to work, but the menu was interesting.  I considered the balut but chickened out (ba-zing!)  Hey, it's gluten-free, though...  So much looked good, but I settled on the kare kare, a sort of beef stew in peanut sauce.  It arrived looking amazing, and tasted just as good.  Perfectly-cooked beef (with bones in the chunks, so watch out.)  A creamy peanut sauce.  Add some shrimp paste- it is salty and a bit fishy, so start with a small amount; I ended up using most of it.  There were bok choy, green beans, and eggplant arranged around the edges, all super fresh and tasty.  I upgraded the rice to garlic rice, which was subtly flavored with roasted garlic.  I love garlic and it was good, but since I ended up adding most of it to the stew you could easily stick with plain and not miss anything.

I had to have the halo halo, of course.  I haven't really been into shaved ice since I was a kid, but this was soaked in coconut milk and topped with ""preserves,"" a term you should think of in a broad sense: there were assorted beans and jellies, plus flan, and ice cream, and it was frigging incredible.  It was a great combination of flavors and textures, and big enough for two to share. 

Prices are reasonable for the quantity and quality.  The only slight negative was service, which was very friendly but not very fast.  Drink refills languished and there were other delays, though the server apologized.  I came at the end of the lunch rush so maybe they were just busy, and I had a very pleasant experience overall so hopefully this was just a fluke.

I will definitely be back, and spread the word to friends who will love this place."
"I was really excited to hear that a Filipino restaurant was finally opening up in town. Since I've grown up around Filipino cuisine, I just had to try it, so my sisters, family friend, and I took my mom here for her birthday, and unfortunately we were all very disappointed. Mommas cooking is always the best  but the reason we were not happy wasn't because we expected t to be up to par with my mom's home cooking but because it just was not plain good.

We all ordered different appetizers and entrees to try everything. We started our appetizer off with the garlic nuts. This was not a good first impression and at first try, I kind of knew things probably would be going downhill if something as simple as nuts were a let down. The nuts were over salted and was sprinkled with MSG. I don't think I've seen anyone sprinkle msg on appetizers as they would with salt and pepper.

The pancit tasted like fish sauce. There was just way too much fish sauce on it and it overpowered the dish. No one touched it after a bite.

There are a few dishes that are decent. The lechon was crispy, the garlic fried rice was good, and the sisig wasn't too bad. The adobo was also decent but I've had better. It tasted like sweet soy sauce and that was it....

Sio bao was a bit plain and had little meat. 

Kinilaw was basically tuna and that's it. 


We finished our meal with halo halo and that was actually pretty good.

Overall, our we would not come back here because it is expensive and not that great. I gave it three stars because the service was good and the staff and owner was friendly. I actually feel bad writing my thoughts but it just had to be said."
Food was delicious we ordered one of every appetizer and couple other dishes. Our waitress Kia was amazing and funny. The atmosphere is laid back and cozy.... However once it got crowded the noise level picks up. The bubble tea is good but small.
"We were in Columbus for a Filipino convention and the local buzz was Bonifacio. So we had to try them. We decided go there before we headed home to Cincinnati. We were one of the earliest there for their brunch. We got there at about 950 am and there were already a 4 cars waiting. Good sign!

We were a party of 4 who ordered a variety of drinks and entrees. Coffee and juices(calamansi and guava) arrived promptly and were very good. Two of us had the tinapa with rice, and two had the Bonifacio, and we got to taste the eggplant omelet. The meals included an arroz caldo side dish which hit the spot. The entrees were masarap(delicious)! We had halo-halo for dessert and was authenticly masarap!

They were really, really busy. In a matter of 45 minutes after they opened they were packed. Our server maintained her sweet smile and composure as things got really hectic.

They have a bar which we noticed had more than adequate outlets for cellphone charging. This must be a great place to hang-out. I wonder what it's like for the dinner crowd.

Overall our brunch experience was very positive.  We know we'd like to come back."
I am dropping my 5 star review to a 3 star review. I brought several friends by tonight, as I was so impressed during my last visit. They were super busy, so the hostess offered to seat us at the bar until a table opened up. It took us fifteen minutes to catch the attention of the bartender, who took another fifteen minute to make our drinks. Two of the four of us did not receive the drinks we ordered. The bartender apologized but did not offer to make us another drink. It took another fifteen minutes to order apps, though they came out quickly enough. At this point, we gave up getting a table, so my friend went to tell the hostess to cross our names off, only to find that she had crossed us off when she seated us at the bar. We gave up and ordered entrees at the bar, but we had to ask twice to get our order taken. The food came out quickly enough, and was delicious. I mean no disrespect to the kitchen. Culinarily, our experience was wonderful. I had the balut and the burger, and enjoyed both thoroughly. However, we were never offered a second drink, and the entire ordeal took nearly two hours. I am seriously disappointed, especially considering how great it was the first time I came. I was embarrassed to have hyped it up so much, and my friends had a terrible time. I will come back, in the hopes that it is as it was the first time. The service could use some help - please at least familiarize yourself with the menu maybe?
I came here for dinner on a Friday night with a friend. No wait, and it was filled with a mix of families and young professionals. Love the decor on the inside, and the hand-painted palm fronds are a nice touch. I got the volcano cocktail, and it was delicious and strong! Moved on to dinner with the Spaghetti with fried chicken. The portion size was large enough to feed two people, and it was yummy, but it lacked a greater depth of flavor and umami for me. It was average as other people have stated. The place is on the hotter end, but to me it added to the ambiance. I might be back here for more drinks or their happy hour specials, but wouldn't be back for the food necessarily. They have a good instagram presence, so maybe that's what draws people in.
Very cool restaurant and atmosphere. The food tasted pretty good, we tried the adobo chicken and guava stuffed french toast, both were delicious. The restaurant shares the same owner as Red Velvet Cafe, which I've also tried the adobo chicken at, and actually liked it slightly better there, both are very similar though.
Great service and great food. Good environment too. Easy to park. Saw the pictures and felt like the size was kinda small, so I ordered 2 entrees. With no doubt, I ate one and half entree and took the other half back home. lol. If you feel one entree is not enough, order some appetizers. The garlic rice is good.
"I've been here a couple of times now and I think I've had enough experiences to form a proper review. Honestly, through all the hype that this place has had, I really am ultimately disappointed. Bonifacio is a clean, family-owned restaurant with a great staff, but the food does not live up to the hype.

It's great that Columbus finally has its first mainstream restaurant, but the dishes are very hit or miss. As for appetizers, the Kare Kare fries are actually the most delicious fries I've ever had. The pilipino Spaghetti is also pretty good, but it goes pretty downhill from there. The chicken adobo was not very good when I had it. The chicken was fried and it was extremely dry. It didn't have nearly enough of that soy, garlic, bay leaf sauce that you normally have on a classic pilipino adobo. The actual Kare Kare was also not as good. It was flavored well, but it did not have enough seasoning to the dish.

As for the brunch items, I enjoyed their rice porridge as well as the longanisa a lot, but the bistek and the tocino were pretty average. The beef was under seasoned and did not really have much going for, and the tocino could've also had more flavor. I was expecting a nice sweetened carmelized flavor--like one you would get from a good maple glazed bacon, but this meat was really just lacking.

Overall, I think many people have put Bonifacio on the high pedestal because they are one of the only Pilipino restaurants in the area and people seek that nostalgic value of having the same dishes their parents or grandparents made, but the food still needs some work and needs some consistency."
"You'd unlikely notice that you're dining at a former Tim Horton's when stepping inside Bonifacio.

On my first visit, I tried the burger and it was a deliciously messy experience!

On my most recent visit, I couldn't resist my curiosity in the fried chicken and Filipino spaghetti. The chicken was really good, but the definite star of the dish was the Jufran (banana ketchup) Bolognese sauce. The sauce was sweet and had sliced sausage/hot dogs. It brought to mind the endless cans of Franco-American spaghetti I polished off as a kid, but elevated to gastropub level.

For dessert, we had an Ube ice cream sandwich and turons. They we both beautifully plated, but let me be honest here, my review will be skewed because one of the few foods I despise is coconut. The turons were crispy spring rolls filled with banana and jackfruit. The coconut caramel sauce was not for me but enjoyed by others at the table. The ube ice cream was really good and I loved that it was coated in fruity pebbles!

Also, our waitress was just the right amount of attentive and very pleasant. Overall, a very good dinner outing."
"I am a huge fan of Filipino food so I had some high expectations for all the buzz I heard about this place. My fiance' and I ended up ordering some ""bar food"" and ordered the spring rolls, sigsig tacos, and the Kare Kare Kare fries. Oh my goodness the Kare Kare fries. They were like your typical bar fries on steroids. The pickled onions with the shredded beef and peanut sauce YUM! The three items were plenty for the both of us. Then we ordered the ube milkshake. Believe me when I say it was the most delicious milkshake. My only regret is that I didn't order he ube ice cream sandwich."
Born in the Philippines and coming from a long line of amazing cooks, including my grandma who owned a restaurant, I was very excited to try this place and hopeful the they didn't disappoint. All in all, I will say I will go again and try more menu items. We had the lumpia, garlic peanuts and lechon to start. The family gobbled up the lumpia. The one bite I was able to get was good. They enjoyed snacking on the peanuts. Parts of the lechon were good, but other parts were very chewy, where I couldn't bite through it all all, so I had to pick at it. What I could eat was good though. My kids loved the chicken adobo to the point that they wanted me to place another order - I said no. My husband enjoyed the caldareta. I know my kare kare and this was not the best. The meat was tough and difficult to cut into a bite size pieces. Being a spoon and fork place with no knives, that's not a good thing. It needed to be cooked in the sauce longer. Overall flavor was good though, so I kept eating. Of course we had to get dessert. This is where I got disappointed. The kids ordered the sorbet and I ordered turon. They got the sorbet but the restaurant got so backed up in the kitchen, after waiting for 20+ minutes, I had the server cancel my turon.   (but I came home from work today and my mom had made some for me! Score!!) I do have to say I'm amazed how busy they were. Yes it was Friday, but they were on reservations only at 6:00! And the majority of people were not Filipino!! That's so cool! So yes, try them out. Have a reservation. I will go again, probably for brunch.
Amazing flavors! First time trying Filipino food & it was delicious   definitely coming back: ube ice cream sandwich/ halo halo/ Bonifacio plate / fresh guava & mango juices (not pictured)
"Cool modernized menu of Filipino/Asian food & drinks.  We sat at the bar to take advantage of the happy hour - $5 special cocktails, $1 off on apps. We got there right as they opened on a Thursday and the bar area filled up pretty quick.

$5 special cocktails happy hours drink menu has some really interesting options, I wish I have time to try them all. I got the pineapple mojito, it's really light and refreshing. I really wanted to try the taro boozy bubble tea but I already had a non alcoholic taro bubble tea earlier :(

For dinner, we split a kare kare - beef oxtail stew with java rice - mild light flavor, it was good but not amazing. The shrimp sauce on the side for additional seasoning is probably an acquired taste. The beef and oxtail are not as tender as I would like. 

For desert, we got a halo halo - it is really good! Crushed ice soaked in condensed milk topped with taro ice cream, flan, variety of tapioca and sweet red bean.  Everything went surprisingly well together. It was perfect for a hot day and worth $10 to try out. 

One complaint I have for the restaurant is that they didn't seem to have air conditioning, there were fans blowing around but was still kind of hot."
"Everyone has a place they openly question whether they should speak out about or not, at the risk of it becoming almost too popular, and your little get-away haunt becomes a haven for the hip set. If ever a place fit that description, and in my opinion at any moment could fall victim to such a scenario, it would be Bonifacio. 

Tucked away in the neutral zone between Upper Arlington and Grandview, it sits on an unassuming corner. Inside lies some of the best Filipino inspired food you will ever see so far in this patch of grass called Central Ohio. 

The presentation of food, the quality of food, the care in plating and overall variety of possibilities is front and center here. If I'm a sucker for anything in food service, it's when the front of house and kitchen work in perfect harmony. The food tastes as good as it looks, and the entire experience from sitting down to signing my life away on the receipt is perfect.

Truth be told, the time to go is Brunch. I know I know they have a lot of different options on the menu but there's something about that witching hour on the weekend between the morning and the latter measure of the day that is intrinsically intoxicating with the right modicum of food and Mimosa to back it up. This place does it well.

From a fusion-inspired fried chicken and waffles to a bowlful of wholesome chicken and rice porridge, I cannot even begin to convey the sensory experience of being fed so...deliberately. You can detect the care put into the menu, and it's execution. 

I've told the owner on a few occasions that if she ever takes off or at least continues at this pace, and can replicate this operational style in other venues, that she could give Cameron Mitchell a run for his money. This place is that good. 

How often does dining out feel so personal? I couldn't honestly tell you."
We wanted to try something different, and we were very happy with this choice. Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. He explained that it was Boodle night, so they serve food family style on banana leaves and guests eat with their hands. We were able to try a lot of menu items since it's served family style and it was a nice amount of food for the price. We look forward to returning again soon!
Great food! And it all looks pretty, too. I've been anticipating going back for those purple yam waffles served with adobo flavored chicken. I would like to be able to get pancit any time of day though. The menu changes with the time of day.
The only problem I have is they need higher chairs at the bar! We Asians are short  lol but yea it could get really busy during brunch thank goodness we came early to finally try Filipino food! I play it safe after researching Filipino food I got the adobo which was really good an after getting there drinks (holla-holla=strong but good)I can't wait to try the dinner menu! Parking is small...I feel like this place is going to be a hit!
"I liked it here, just not as much as I thought I would. I definitely wouldn't actively discourage people from coming here, it's definitely a great introduction to Filipino food and the service was absolutely excellent when I visited. I just didn't particularly care for the dishes I ordered and didn't love it enough to want to return. 

For starters, you'll need a reservation if you're coming during dinnertime. The restaurant isn't that big, and since it's popular for parties, this place fills up quick. My group ended up sitting up at the bar which we were absolutely fine with, and the service there was top-notch. 

I loved the cocktails my friends ordered, they were more complex than I would expect from a place like this and not overly sweet or one-note like a lot of tropical inspired drinks. 

I liked that they had the option of the ""bar"" food (basically small plates) or entrees if you needed something a little more substantial. I think the portions are comparable to the price. I ordered the fried pork belly and the sisig fries, while my friends got the rice and vegetarian asado siobao (stuffed steam buns). For me, the fried pork belly was entirely too heavy and greasy, which is to be expected with a dish titled deep fried pork belly, but despite the fact that I love all things deep fried, this one was a miss for me. As for the sisig fries, all the components were tasty, but together it was kind of a mess. Perhaps if you were sharing it would make a nice side, but overall there was just too much going on for me. The pork seemed too heavy atop the light crispy fries, and the sauce just weighed it down. Definitely wouldn't order this again, but again, all the components individually were well flavored. My friend enjoyed her vegetarian steam buns, and we all appreciated how they do accommodate vegan and gluten-free dietary needs, especially since this isn't typical for Filipino cuisine. The rice however, while delightfully garlicky, was dried out and was clearly sitting out rather than being plated after ordering which is unfortunate. I also tried the coconut panna cotta + pandan dessert, which was pretty good, but nothing special. 

From what I can tell, this restaurant is definitely a modern/fusion type restaurant, which just isn't my cup of tea. As I said, I think some people might enjoy getting to try Filipino cuisine, but for me a lot of the dishes were just a miss. I think it's worth a try, but for me it wasn't memorable enough to return. I do think it's worth a try if you wanted to give Filipino cuisine a try though."
Went to Bonifacio today for brunch. The menu is small but has some great choices. I don't usually go for the vegetarian options but the eggplant and tofu omelette was amazing!!
I have been here twice and both times was blown away by the food. I've tried the guava French toast and the longanisa. The longanisa are delicious little sausages. The first time I went they gave you pickled vegetables with your rice and they were definitely to die for. Especially with the vinegar sauce on the table. The second time was just a salad so I was disappointed in that. You can also get this porridge with some meals. It's basically like a chicken flavored oatmeal. The place is small and can be very busy so make sure to make a reservation. There's a small lot out front to park or street parking close by. Both visits the service could have been better but the delicious food made up for it.
"Ok, I loved this place. 4.5/5.0
We came on Thursday evening when they do a special ""boodle"" where they serve food on BananaPlant leaves & you eat with your hands.
This is a fantastic cultural experience along with being fun in general.
Food was really good tasting & made with love - but not amazing. Java Rice + chicken was my favorite. You could also do complete veg if you want also .
Felt like eating comfortable with your family rather than a fancy hipster dining experience. 
Our server Charlie was amazing & very hospitable. 
We can't wait to go back for more!"
"First time trying Filipino food. Do I like it? Yes, I do. Bonifacio is a decent size restaurant and it give me a warm and cozy feeling. Their décor is simple, but do have a scene of elegant element. With the little flower boutique and a candle on the table, it make the dining experience to another level.

Even the menu is all in Filipino, but they have detail description of each dish. Plus, the server is very helpful and willing to explain the dish for us. Plating of the food is decorative. I do recommend to get the Lumpiang Shanghai [fried pork spring rolls], which is super bomb. The only thing that I need to compliant is there are so much choice on the menu and I want to try out all of them. And for sure to opt in for the desserts as well."
"This place is fantastic! Our server Gabby was amazing. She walked us through the menu and gave some great recommendations. We tried a few things and everything from the drinks, appetizers and entrees were all delicious. I would recommend this place to anyone and look forward to bringing my friends here in the future. The restaurant is not large so be prepared to wait a few minutes. Well worth the wait!! 

I have two recommendations for this restaurant! And this is not taking away from the amazing experience we had.

1. The lighting! It's too bright in the dining room. Bring the lights down a little bit and it will really set the mood. 
2. Some sort of music. The atmosphere is a little awkward because it is very quite at times. And you can also hear everyone's conversations around you. The only music we heard seemed to be coming from the kitchen.  

Love this place and look forward to going back."
I just finished the Longanisa and am already dreaming of the next time I can return for more.
We came in around 7:00pm on a week day and were quoted a wait of 40 minutes but got seated around 20. I think they are still working out their flow. Server was attentive and got orders in quickly, I had the Tocino burger which was loaded with bright pickled veggies for on top a very delicious beef patty with fried egg and tangy garlic and chili sauce. The fries were crispy and I think double fried the way I like them.   The only downside was the burger was a little messy. Overall the flavor of everything was unique and worth coming back too and certainly worth trying.
The Food is Great! However they staff and waitresses waiters need training badly people having a great meal and trying to pay their bill and was a disaster! Waiting Waiting and Waiting!
Decided to try this place with a few friends on a weeknight.The ambience is nice. The restaurant was pretty busy. Service was good. Ordered a few items from the bar food menu. The Eggroll and pork belly was alright, more on the salty side though. Ordered the chicken adobo as my dinner entree, the presentation was nice but it tasted a little bland with the marination. Will have to try a different item next time. Overall not too bad but hoping it would be more flavorful.
This place is a gem.  Excellent food.  I ordered the Spam, which I love.  They brought out the most scrumptious side of chicken soup to start.  It was creamy and  comforting.  I especially liked the crunchy, fried garlic  garnishing the soup.  It gave it a nice texture to come back to every other spoonful.  The Spam came out nice and crunchy and came with a side of garlic rice, a runny egg oozing with flavor, banana ketchup and the most wonderful side of pickled onion vinegar.  Definitely coming back to try their other dishes--especially the pork.
"Great food and atmosphere. Glad there's a place like this in Ohio. It's rare to find a good Filipino restaurant in Ohio. 

The only minor complaint is that it was too hot in the restaurant. Air conditioning should've been on. 

Our waitress was great and very attentive. But the other employees were at the bar on their cell phones. It would of been cool if they acknowledged us since we were the only ones there.

But that's just minor. Not enough to stop me from coming back."
food was decent. Wish they offerred brown rice and white meat chicken instead of dark meat only. Garlic rice was delicious. Guys loved the burger.
My coworkers and I stopped in for lunch earlier this week. There were only a few tables occupied so we thought we would have no trouble getting in and out... not so much. It took FOREVER! We ended up getting our food to go and eating back at the office. The food was pretty good though. Their new lunch menu only offers bowls and two other dishes. I got the Sisig and although the pork was on the dry side, it had a lot of flavor. Lumpish add on is a must, so good!
First time trying Filipino food and was blown away. Share three different dishes with my friends-torcino, chicken &a waffles, and corn beef hash-and to be honest I don't know which one I liked the best! They were all so delicious. We will be back soon for sure!
"Amazing, refined, cozy, tropical rustic experience!

In response to prior comments, yes, this is a former Tim Hortons. However, these are the first of 4 prior owners who had the courage and capital to transform the interior into a sleek beachside cafe, sans waves. The only way you'd know the past use of the space is if you were the grudge-holding type snobby and grouchy enough to cling to those details. Step inside and you're more comfy then at the Columbus Club, and 150 years younger.

An impressive custom cocktail list, small but strong local draft selection, and great wine list greet you along with a hushed, calm, and professional hostess with demeanor suited for dignitaries. Stellar soup served with entrees, tried all meats and they taste like grandma's home cooking, just amazing. Homemade sweet sausage, pork belly, steak roast, and corned beef hash were perfect. Garlic rice and egg over medium magically transported us back to the coast. Most were ordering homefried chicken and yam waffles, my plan for next time. A delightful treat, instantly became a staple upon our first visit. Very polite and accomodating staff, felt very comfortable with our toddler there. Try soon and often, no way to be disappointed!!!"
"Fun, fun, fun. I'm not sure if there's anywhere else to get Filipino food in Columbus, but I'm fine with this being my go to. I ordered The Bonifacio (longanisa, tocino, and corned beef hash) and the Guava Stuffed French Toast. The french toast was bright and fluffy with a tart Guava topping. I loved The Bonifacio because I was able to try a little bit of everything. The portion size of longanisa was a bit small, but it was a savory few bites. I'd highly recommend the tocino and would consider getting a full entree when I go back. The corned beef hash was hearty and well textured. I'm a huge fan of the rice, lots of garlic flavor and topped with a fried egg. It also came with a vinegar dipping sauce, cucumbers, and tomato. My only complaint is the menu is a bit limited. 
The food was great. The restaurant itself is a classy, brunch-vibe spot. Would be a super cute place to go on a date."
My favorite restaurant in Columbus, bar none. Fantastic cocktails, dinner is great, brunch is off the hook. The food is unique and everything I've had is good. The atchara salad is really fresh and tasty, the Ube ice cream is sooooooo good. We've never have to wait too long for a table. They have lots of gluten free and vegan options, too!
"We have been to Bonifacio a few times now and I have to say - it TOTALLY lives up to the hype. Each time we go, we end up ordering a ton of food and splitting it all because it is too hard to make up your mind.

The fries (we tried the Sisig fries and then it switched over to Kare Kare fries last time we were there) are out of this world. Super crispy with the perfect array of toppings from fatty to acidic - PERFECT bites every time. 

The pork belly is killer - and definitely spring for the garlic rice whenever you can because omg its the best thing ever. 

The adobo chicken is delicious and a great entry into Filipino food, but we have honestly never ordered anything that we didn't love. 

And the drinks! The cocktails are always amazing - we've tried the standard ones on the menu and some seasonal ones and we are ALWAYS impressed. 

Finally, if you've never had it you have to at least TRY the Halo Halo. Yes, it is shaved ice with things like sweet beans and jello. But seriously it is so delicious - refreshing, just sweet enough and the perfect way to end the meal. 

Now that it has been open for a bit, it is easier to get a table (But reservations never hurt). The wait staff is always super sweet- they will explain the menu and its items if you have any questions and is always up for making honest recommendations. 

Basically - go. Just go."
Food is great, but for some reason the service was very slow when we went with a group of friends. Also great happy hour!
"I finally got to try some Filipino food in Columbus after seeing a lot of OSU friends go here. The restaurant has a really chill vibe. 

I ordered the chicken adobo because I wanted to be safe. The chicken was marinated perfectly to eat with white rice and the presentation was really pretty and clean. My guy friend ordered the tofu afritada (vegan dish) and he said he really enjoyed the broth. 

Overall, I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting to try Filipino food since there aren't really any Filipino restaurants around. The prices were a little high."
If you like this kind of food, then you will love this place. The servers go above and beyond to please, the food presentation is beautiful, and tasty to boot. I went here for brunch and had a great time. I got the eggplant omelet with tofu, and thoroughly enjoyed the flavors. Despite the liquid content of the eggplant, the egg was perfectly done. The only negative to the experience is that the coffee is gross. This isn't exactly a coffee kind of place, but it is an essential component of brunch. At $3 a cup (free refills) I expect it to taste better than stale Maxwell house blended with cardboard. Their guava juice, on the other hand, is great! It comes with actual chunks of guava in it, which makes it super yummy.
First time trying Philipino food & this restaurant. Had some great drinks - fresh margarita-  & chicken skewers & pickled vegetables that were fabulous!  Main course of pork & rice was seasoned well & the ice cream was a great ending to a great meal!
"Had a truly memorable experience here tonight. Came here with some friends for the happy hour (tues-fri 5pm-6:30pm) which features $1 off bar foods and $5 specialty cocktails. My server (I think Erik?) was incredible and helped me and a few friends who have never been here really understand the menu so right from the get go service was awesome! He explained at length what a lot of the items were and for someone who has never tried Filipino cuisine before, this definitely helped me decide what to order. 

Bf and I ordered the lemongrass chicken, Kare Kare fries, and halo halo dessert which is shaved ice with toppings of jello, sweetened beans, Ube (purple yam) flavored ice cream, and flan! Dessert was definitely the standout. Our friends ordered these ube sliders for dessert and were completely mind blown. So delicious! The entree was pretty tasty as well. Personally doesn't fit my tastes (I like things creamy, drenched in sauce, bursting with flavor) but my bf loves chicken cooked simply and was very satisfied with the lemongrass chicken. I did however really enjoy the pickled veggie side. Way better than coleslaw! 

Our table also loved the Kare Kare fries. Generous amounts of gravy so if you're not into that let them know. 

5 stars because I want this place to stick around. The cocktails looked so interesting and I'll definitely be back to try them!! So far service is great, food is high quality, and dishes are just the right kind of fusion. Yay for Columbus' burgeoning food scene!!"
"Bonifacio, so good! We dropped in for Sunday brunch and it was a treat. The restaurant is an open space, with a professional renovation. There is a bar space, the kitchen is closed, and there is plenty of seating. Large windows bring in plenty of light as well. Our server was friendly and able to answer our questions easily and offer suggestions (great for those of us who've only had Filipino food from trucks or at the Asian Festival). 

We ordered chicken adobo (YUM, spicy and rich), the Bonifacio - a bibimbap kind of thing, with roast pork, rice, veggies and an egg to mix together, paired with a little spicy sausage link. The spouse ordered something similar, with roast pork and sauce/rice/egg. Again, so good - plenty of flavor, texture and spice without being overbearing in any way. This place would be a great one to take anyone who is looking to try Asian-style food or wants ""spicy"" rather than ""hot.""

Sadly, because it was brunch time, there was no halo-halo for us on this trip. Next time, and soon!"
Really, really unique and authentic place run by great people. I stumbled upon this restaurant while waiting for car repairs and was not disappointed. 100% worth coming back to. Food was delicious and there is something for everyone.
"The best brunch I have ever experienced. The service was great - our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful for first-timers. I got the Chicken Adobo, which comes with arroz caldo and rice with a fried egg. 

The arroz caldo was delicious - it is not as gooey as congee and tasted like childhood chicken and rice soup but with much more garlic; perfect for chilly autumn mornings!

The chicken adobo was tender and well-seasoned. The egg paired perfectly with the sticky rice. All together, it was a very cohesive dish with basic yet delicious flavors! 

There is something here for everyone, from twists on traditional classics (ube waffles and guava French toast) to meatier dishes for the less traditional brunchers. The restaurant also features a full bar, but PLEASE if you love yourself, skip the boozy bubble tea. 

Bonifacio is a true hidden gem of Columbus, and I can't wait to go back!"
"Good. Order the Halo Halo dessert, which is Tagalog for ""we scraped every sweet ingredient we could find into this dish of shaved ice (including possibly gummy bears, black beans, and dried mango).""

Mango bubble tea - delicious."
"Thanks to my fellow yelpers, I was able to find this new Filipino restaurant. The restaurant itself is very cosy and the staff is incredibly polite and friendly, the management, the hostess, the server, everyone was fabulous. 

First the drinks. I got the mango mamosa. It was great. Not too sweet and it had a bit of a kick. My wife got the volcano, which I thought was pretty good as well (she liked it less). They took a long time to serve us the drinks (my wife's cocktail came out almost as she was finishing her dinner), because a bartender did not arrive. They were extremely apologetic, and several different people came to our table to say how sorry they were. But really we were fine and didn't mind at all. They even comped the drinks, which was rather decent of them, but they really didn't have to. 

Now for the food. 

We ordered the balut as an appetizer. It's a fertilized duck egg. It came with the shell on, which was a bit of a surprise. Let's just say it's an acquired taste :), and must be eaten with the spices they give on the side. I would not recommend for the faint of heart, but try it and decide for yourself. 

My wife got the dish I was eyeing called Kare Kare, which is peanut based beef stew (almost like a curry). I liked the flavor very much, but the beef was quite hard and chewy. Based on my server's recommendation, I got the Sizzling Sising with garlic rice. It was a chopped up grilled pork with onions, peppers, a whole egg, etc., and came out sizzling. It was good, but needed a bit more salt and a bit more spice. I also liked the garlic fried rice, they worked very well when mixed in with my dish as well as my wife's. 

Honestly, I didn't like the food as much as I thought I would, but the entire experience was still very good. Perhaps they are still working out some kinks, and I'm really eager to support a new Filipino restaurant in town. So, I'll definitely be back, and recommend other yelpers to try it out as well."
"I've had bonifacio a couple times. For some reason when I go to brunch (sat and sun only), I get really great food. I usually get the ube chicken and waffles which is always good. If you want something more light I would go for the loaded porridge, great flavor. Their guava and mango juices are pretty good also. 
I've also been to their Thursday special where you eat with your hands but the last time I went, we ordered fried chicken and it came out raw. I asked the waiter if we could get another one and they brought one out that looked cooked but was cold to the touch when we cut into it. 
But their brunch makes up for the raw frozen chicken. 
Service can be really good or bad."
"Anyone who enjoys quality Asian food will love this place.  I told my wife it was like Bibibop, but good.  She said she was thinking the same thing.
     The Filipino restaurant used to be a Tim Horton's, or some kind of fast food place, so don't expect much when you pull into the parking lot.  Once you walk inside, it's like you are transported to a tropical island.  The bar has a Tiki look, and the green tropical leaves painted on the walls are a nice touch.
    From the moment we walked in, and all throughout service, our diminutive waitress couldn't have been any more welcoming.  You could tell she was proud of her work place, and was more than willing to walk us through all the Filipino fare.  We had never had Filipino food, and really appreciated the extra attention.
    Since it was lunch, both my wife and I got bowls.  Mine was the Sisig, which was a bowl filled with garlic noodles (which were sooooo good), a slaw that was marinated in their own sauce, BBQ pork with a light glaze, and a fried egg on top.  The creamy sauce on the side was tasty, so I dumped it in.  Glad they gave me the option though.  The server, gauging my love for spicy food, also gave me a side of their hot sauce.  Not too spicy, so I dumped that in too.  My wife got basically the same bowl, but with steak instead of BBQ pork.  She was extremely satisfied.
    The price-point was nice too.  Combine that with good food, good service, and a warm, welcoming atmosphere, this place is a new favorite!  Grandview is blessed with tons of good eateries, and this one rises to the top."
So we've been here twice for brunch. It's different. I've not really been exposed to Filipino food and I was pleasantly surprised. There are some exotic plates so go informed or you'll order a dish with an entire fish on your plate, that was interesting. Staff is great. Drinks are really good. Recommend a visit!
We went for dinner and the place is really cute. We ordered drinks, appetizers and dinner. The cocktails from the bar was Amazing. The service was good. The food itself was OK. I wasn't jumping up and down for it...it didn't taste authentic to me. I couldn't taste any of the special marinades that the menu boasted about in my chicken dish. Something was missing in the food, everything was kinda dry. It was good food by most standards, but I didn't come away feeling like I had authentic Filipino...rather an Americanized version of it. I personally prefer places that are unapologetically authentic. I would give it another try - I would definitely go back for the cocktails.
Great first experience at Bonifacio! The atmosphere is bright and comfortable. Our server was super friendly and knowledgeable, and patiently answered all of our questions. I got the mango mimosa and a brunch entree with garlic rice, cured pork, and chicken rice porridge. I am going to return on a Thursday evening for Boodle night as soon as I can.
I went for lunch mid-week and the food was delicious and very freshly prepared! I also loved that the spot was pretty lowkey and quiet so we got out food really quickly and were served and seated immediately! I am newly vegan so it was nice to see a variety of tasty options! I had the tofu bowl. I will definitely be back to visit soon :).
i find myself here typically hungover and eating way too much lol. service can be so-so but they realize that and have made up for it in the past.
My girlfriend and I are repeat customers at this wonderful establishment. The chicken and waffles for brunch are amazing. The waffles are purple and the chicken tastes as good as the chicken from Miller's in Athens (highest praise available for fried chicken). Other Silog brunch plates are delicious, egg cooked perfectly on top. The porridge they serve with brunch is also great, and I was skeptical at first. Drinks are creative, but not overwrought. They may take a while, but they are worth it because they are putting love into it. If you are going for dinner get the Halo Halo for dessert. It's fun to mix mix it. Also the Tociburger is the one of best burgers I've had in Columbus. We love Bonifacio!
"I normally reserve 5 stars for after I've been to a place a few times... but it would be a crime to withhold a single star from Bonifacio.

I'll preface this by saying I grew up in Jacksonville, Fl... home to one of the largest Filipino communities in the US. My mom learned how to make pancit and lumpia from the Filipinas in the Navy Wives Club back in the 70s. She stopped making pancit when I was little but we still make lumpia to this day.

I will not claim to be an expert of Filipino food or culture, but suffice it to say I was SUPER jazzed to see that Columbus was getting its own Filipino food restaurant. My expectations were super high and I was not disappointed!

The staff at Bonifacio was out-of-this-world nice. From the minute we sat down, our server (I can't remember her name but I will learn it next time and burn it into my brain) was amazing from the word go. We went with two friends who had never experienced Filipino food before and she was right on top of making recommendations - from drinks, to appetizers, to entrees... she was all over it and had the courage to say what first-timers should get.

The atmosphere in the restaurant was very bright, modern, and clean. The color scheme of rich greens and light woods conveys the Philippines tropical climate and was a great escape on the rainy late-summer day that we visited. The light levels were a tad bright for a sit-down restaurant at night but they did allow you to have a clear view of what everyone else was enjoying - I am pretty sure the table next to us kept ordering things based solely on what they saw us having.

The food... was... perfect. I started with lumpia, of course. The pork filling and sweet sauce was delicious - if you eat pork... do not miss out on these. We also tried the lechon (pork belly) and it was a winner even with the non-pork eater with us! That skin was so delicious!

For my entrée, I decided immediately on chicken adobo. While it's not something my mom learned to cook all those years ago, it is something we learned to cook a few years back and I really enjoy it. Bonifacio's adobo did not disappoint. It had the right amount of garlic and soy to liven up the chicken and was cooked until you could cut it apart with your spoon (the Filipino way). 

Dessert was turon - fried banana and jackfruit rolls. What a great bookend after starting with lumpia!

Then there were the drinks... wow isn't a good enough word. I had three... each even better than the last. I started with the Mayon Volcano which was very fruity despite the bourbon... wrapped in a banana leaf, it made me want to escape to a beach on Boracay. Then we shared a Komunidad (community) - which is like the best rum drink you'll ever have.

Then there was the Barkada. I am obsessed. I need it right now. Gin, pinapple, oj, ginger, and FERNET... SOLD SOLD SOLD... oh man, I need it again right now. 

So, there you have it. I'm a mega-fan and I hope I have many more meals at Bonifacio. And if I haven't convinced you yet to go check this place out... then I give up and we shouldn't talk any further."
Been a few times. The food is just good. I wouldn't go back again unless asked to; it wouldn't be my suggestion. I ordered different things when I went, somethings better than others, but not good enough to make me want to go back. Staff is friendly. Very eclectic music in background. Cool spot if your going for setting and not extra tasty food.
A pleasant surprise! I am glad to see more and more ethnic influenced and modern restaurants opening up in Columbus. It was my first experience with Filipino food. We went on a weekday night. Their cocktails are good. They are trying to serve off beat food and drinks, I think it is in the right direction. We had Kalamanzi honey - which was very good and refreshing. Mayon volcano was a bit too sweet for my taste. The presentation of the cocktails was visually pleasing as well. Great job there! We ordered Kinilaw from the bar menu- the taste profile was similar to ceviche. Tociburger- again very good but not mind blowing. I had Kare Kare- it was excellent, perfectly cooked meat and charred vegetables. So tasty. Only a bit peanut-y, but I loved it nonetheless. Our server was very friendly and nice. Overall, I think they are doing a very good job.
Kare kare is not complete if you don't serve it with shrimp paste. Let the guest know first that you didn't have the shrimp paste so i won't order them.
"I'm happy to see more Filipino restaurants popping up in Columbus as they seem under represented. I enjoyed my experience here, but wasn't super wowed by the food.

I started out my dinner with the Balut or fertilized duck egg. I've seen these eaten on an episode of Bizarre Foods or something and was grossed out by the formed embryo inside.  Our server said that the balut they served was not an embryo, but rather a duck egg that just tasted like duck.  When I cracked open the top of the egg and peeled the shell back, I knew this was going to be much more than just a duck flavored hard boiled egg. There was a thin layer of black veiny tissue covering the rest of the contents of the egg. While I'm a fairly adventurous eater, this kind of pushed the limits for me. There was a normal egg yolk contained inside, but surrounding it was like half formed flesh. Just bizzaro. I ate the majority of it and I wouldn't say it tasted bad, but I probably won't order it again. I suppose I like that I can at least say I've tried balut. 

Along with my balut appetizer, I tried the Sisig fries. They are fries topped with I think pork belly? My husband is a pescetarian so we were a little disappointed as we didn't realize it would be topped with meat. It was a bit our fault as we failed to notice that the vegetarian abbreviation wasn't displayed next to the food title. The description only said that the fries were topped with ""Sisig"", which seems kind of silly that they'd expect a lay person to know what that is.  Whatevs, I wasn't mad. The meat was tastey, but definitely on the salty side.

My entree was the chicken adobo, which comprised of two pieces of marinated chicken on bone, rice, and some pickled vegetables. The chicken was flavorful, but oh man so so salty!!  Maybe this is the norm with Chicken Adobo or I'm comparing it too much to Chinese soy sauce chicken or Taiwanese 3 cup chicken. I kept tearing up the chicken and mixing it into the rice as much as I could to tone down the saltiness. 

For dessert, my husband and I shared the Halo Halo. It's a bowl of shaved ice topped with craziness. Ume ice cream, flan, sweet beans, coconut, jellies... I enjoyed it. It was similar to a Chinese Baobing or Korean Bing Soo dessert.

Service was excellent and our server explained the menu very thoroughly.

I'd like to come back and try the brunch here as I hear it's pretty awesome."
Wow. Now, I'll preface by saying I've never had Filipino food before, but I absolutely LOVED every dish I had. My partner and I came for the soft opening tonight, and were greeted immediately by a friendly host who seated us quickly at a lovely little table. Our server seemed a tad flustered but was very friendly and helped us choose drinks and food. I started out with a mixed drink topped with a sprig of mint and a ball of shaved ice with preserved fruit drizzled over, to look like a volcano. Not only was it beautiful - it was damn tasty to boot. The straw was a cute paper straw, which unfortunately could not withstand the shaved ice, but no complaints aside from that. My partner had a nice IPA, and we started out with pork belly steamed buns, called SioBao I believe, which were great! A nice balance of crisp pickled vegetables, soft pillowy buns, and pork belly redolent with bacony juices. Yum! Within moments of finishing the buns, our server whisked out with the entrees, which were just to die for. My partner's adobo chicken was the most tender savory thing I think I've ever tasted, sparkling with spices and rich flavor. He also got the garlic fried rice, which was simple and delicious - crispy pieces of fried garlic crunching in perfectly sticky rice. My dish was also tasty, a sort of vermicelli stir-fry with chicken, cabbage, sausage, and a variety of vegetables. It was much more delicate than the adobo chicken, but I liked that. A squeeze of lime made the dish the perfect combination of bright, savory, and sweet. For dessert, we finished with another round of volcano drinks and halo halo, a shaved ice dessert topped with flan and house made ube ice cream. I'll be honest - the flan was the best part. Totally perfect in every way. But the rest was great too! Under the shaved ice was a medley of preserved fruits, including coconut, mango, red and white beans, and other mysterious fruits that I couldn't place. All in all, an incredible experience. Prompt service, a beautifully balanced menu, a lovely ambiance, incredible flavors... And only the soft open! Well, I guess we'll just have to come back for the real opening!
"Boodle Night!
This was my first time eating here. Didn't necessarily know what was going on but was pleasantly surprised on what we got ourselves into. Everything we ordered was a la carte and was served on giant leaves that were placed directly on the table. No utensil just your hand!

The Food.
All the dishes were packed with flavor. In the beginning I almost thought it was over seasoned but as I continued it started to mellow out or I just got used to the flavors.  We had three different chicken dished and each one was tender and quite tasty. 

The only ""negative"" I have to say is my meal was tasty but wasn't the most satisfying. Everything was a la carte so you really had to search through everything to put a full meal together such as carbs, protein, and vegetables. They did have veggie options the menu was mostly meat heavy or it was fried. I do plan on going back on a normal day to try a regular entree."
For years we have watched this space turn... from Wendy's to Tim Hortons to countless Asian concepts with one thing in common: yuck. We drive by nearly every day, and ever since Bonifacio opened, it's parking lot has been packed and for good reason!! Modern Filipino has won over the hearts of the Neighborhood! We've just done brunch as of yet - the Guava stuffed French Toast is delish, as is Tortang Talong and Chicken Adobo. We had a bit of a snafu once - the Tortang came out with beef instead of tofu. No worries! It was quickly whisked away, replaced and removed from the bill. No fuss, kind service! The Taro root milk tea is a destination-worthy beverage in and of itself. Looking forward to trying dinner and a lychee martini!
"Pretty good... interesting... mostly liked it... not blown away... 

Let me be clear - I really wanted to love Bonifacio.  

The first time we stopped by - soon after it opened - the line was out the door and the wait was long, so we left.  The second time, two of us had dinner and drinks.  It was interesting.  An adventure.  The food was solidly good.  Unlike anything else in Columbus I'm aware of.

But in all candor, the food and experience were not compelling for me.  I have no urgency to go back any time soon, and we like all kinds of food and are very experimental with different styles and ethnicities of food.

Prices seemed a bit high.  One of our drinks was $20 bucks in a pineapple.  It was good, but I didn't even feel the alcohol.  For $20 bucks I expected more.

Desserts were only OK.

I'm sorry - I really wanted to like Bonifacio more than I do.  I'm trying to find a reason to go back, but I have no emotional connection to the meal and drinks we had.

'Glad we tried it, though..."
Fantastic Filipino Fare. Great service and authentic taste of the Philippines. Been here twice this week amd plam on coming again tomorrow.
"So here's the thing about my experiences with Bonifacio, my husband is Filipino. His entire family are transplants to the US as recently as 2003. As such, I've had some very good Filipino food as prepared by my mother-in-law. These colors my perception of Filipino food, obviously. I make no claims to know all there is to know about it, but I know when it's done right. 

That being said, I have consistently been pleased with the food I have eaten at Bonifacio. It's not as good as mom's (when is it ever?), but it is pretty darn good. The pancit had all the flavors I'm used to (even if a little lighter on the veggies) and was a more than generous portion, especially considering it still came with rice. The brunch menu is delicious as well. I can't get enough of the garlic fried rice with fried egg on top. The longganisa sandwich on the new lunch menu was very tasty too. The fries it comes with were crisp and delicious. 

Many of the dishes are things that are staples in Filipino homes. A fair number are actually even easier to make at home than to make the trip to a restaurant. But there are so many things on Bonifacio's menu that my husband craves but can't make for us. It's nice to have a place like this to meet those cravings. The fact that the staff is usually friendly and the atmosphere is very pleasant only puts icing on this particular cake"
Omg. Wow. Can't wait to go back. I had been wanting to try this place for quite some time and it did not disappoint. I got the chicken adobo (to compare to my dad's version) and my friend got the bistek. All of the food was delicious, but the bistek was outstanding. Even better, it was such a huge portion that we have been able to make 3 meals out of it. I don't think that the adobo beats my dad's but it was still great as well. When you go, you HAVE to get the ube ice cream sandwiches. I am a lover of anything ube flavored and they were amazing. However, the ice cream was pretty melted, but the waiter apologized and gave them to us for free, so I can't complain. I will definitely be back and I can't wait to bring my family here!
Man, brunch is freaking godsend. talk about rice, meat, eggs all on one plate. I really enjoyed my meal there. Order comes out quick, service is pretty quick, and always there to assist you. The drinks are very creative and on top of that the dessert is a must after every meal.
This place is fantastic!! Very tasty food, amazing cocktails, cozy tropical atmosphere and very friendly staff. It's also very reasonably priced. The purple yam drinks are extra yummy! :)
I love this place. I've been here two times now, both for brunch and I was very satisfied with the service and food both times. The service is very friendly and polite, and the food is just pretty amazing. Even the spam that they have on the menu is pretty freakin' delicious. They have a special vinegar that you use to dip the sweeter meats in, and I was pleasantly surprised as it was rick and smooth, and added a boost of flavor to the meal. Also, they have a famous Ice cream dessert that everyone has to try.
This place is amazing. Columbus has needed something out of the boring sameness and this is it. We all shared everything at our table and nothing disappointed. Give it a try.
The chicken and ube waffle dish was wonderful. The waffle was airy and soft. It complimented well with the lightly breaded fried chicken. The sweet caramel syrup was sweet with a little touch of saltiness.t
"I was blown away when I walked in this place.  You wouldn't guess it from the outside or the prices but this is a true restaurant.  The atmosphere is wonderful the prices are beyond reasonable, the staff is fun attentive and informed and fast and the food is unique and delicious.  But guys you Have to wash THE BOK CHOY!  Grit no fun!  East fix though.

They tell me the outside will be improving very soon with a patio!  Something needs to succeed in this space and this is the one.  I ordered take out but the staff was so cool I could have hung out at the bar all night.  Yep, I'm a fan."
"This is a chic and trendy asian fusion restaurant. The environment and decoration are good. When it comes to the food, it is just OK. Portion size is small. I personally prefer a more authentic taste and presentation to the ""modernized"" menu."
As a Filipino native, I absolutely loved it. A bit over priced (in the Philippines you can get these plates for less than $4$) however it was 100% worth it. I recommend the longinisa(chorizo) or tocino (pork). My meal was authentic and brought me back home!
"Disclaimer: Not Filipino, know nothing about Filipino food. 

They had a preview menu with just breakfast and brunch stuff available a bit before opening, so I stopped in for take-out to get a feel for the place. Now I have no idea whether Chicken and Waffles are considered a part of Filipino culture (and I admit I probably should have tried one of their Silong breakfast platters first), but damn if this wasn't the best version of this dish I've had in quite a while. I wouldn't say that they have the absolute best fried chicken or the absolute best waffles, but the combination here with the sauce and syrup they provide is absolutely amazing. I can't wait to go back after opening and try their more traditional food (and I will update this when I do). If this dish is any indication of the quality we can expect, though, I think this place will be fantastic.

Update: Had the milkfish Silong platter and it was great! It came with some fantastic Filipino-style congee (very flavorful, had bits of chicken and green onions, broth was good too), and the fish itself was tender and delicious. It came with some very lightly fried rice with garlic on top, which had a nice texture to it that seems unique to this type of cuisine. Again, this is purely a layman's perspective on Filipino food, but I'm really liking this place so far. I'll try dinner and report back."
Great drinks and dessert. Appetizers were tasty but the entrees were fairly bland. I would come back for a boodle night or maybe to try some different options, but I thought it was pretty hit or miss overall.
The food is really good and the staff is very knowledgeable and helpful to assist you with ordering/ understanding the menu and options. They also have really good cocktails and a decent happy hour special for a couple of their drinks. I would recommend trying this place. The Mayon Volcano is my favorite.
"Fun, simple, sweet. 

Friendly service of young en's and quick food delivery to the table. 

The pink sauce on the table is a nice touch to motivate the Instagram generation."
We went because online menu offered more than the usual number of vegetarian options. On calling, we were told the veggie offerings were fewer. We still went.  Waited for more than 15 minutes and nobody even brought us water. I went to inquire and they were very apologetic and offered us drinks on the house. Could only order 2 veggie entrees. Still, they were good and the deserts were certainly interesting. The ambience and ensuing service was good. Overall a good dining experience.
"I've been to this place more than a few times so I feel it's right I give a good review for all the good service and food.

To get the nitpicks out of the way, this place is relatively expensive, but I think it's due to the 'exclusiveness' of authentic Filipino food and the cool hip vibe the place gives. This is definitely legit Filipino food, but the dishes are a bit 'fusion' and modernized compared to like more modest Filipino food places, hence the price. So it's not a place to eat on a normal basis, but I've been coming here for the brunch and happy hour occasionally. I've never had the dinner here because it seems too expensive and like a lot of food, but I'm sure its good. Basically, this ain't your Seafood city cafeteria comfort Filipino food LOL

Anyway, I'm from the West Coast and Filipina, so frankly I was just happy to eat legit filipino food! My favorites are bistek and sisig and the black milk tea boba was yummy too. They've got classics like tocino, longanisa, adobo, pancit, lumpia, kare kare, pata, dinuguan, ube for dessert, even balut, etc, but as mentioned, there's a lot of 'modernized' versions or twists that will be like sliders, salad, the 'adobo ribs', etc. I like their brunch a lot and it's just really comforting being able to have arroz caldo and all this food available out here in Ohio. 

Also the service is always really nice and friendly, and the vibe of the restaurant is incredibly cool. The interior design is nice, and I've always liked the music a lot every time I'm there. Lately, I come by for happy hour by myself and just watch TV while having boba and trying out the different items on the happy hour menu.

Basically, it's great! It has my seal of approval and I try to support this place when I can. This place is like if some young Filipinos were like 'Lets make a COOL Filipino restaurant/bar' and they did :D"
Service was great! I didn't give a full 5 stars, because I felt the menu could have more. Also some of the dishes were good but the pancit and adobo lacked flavor. My family is from the Philippines, and was hoping to have something comparable to my mothers food. I also prefer less ginger in my food. Will give another try but I'm hoping they reassess the menu, and add more flavor to the food.
I went here for Valentines Day and was delighted by the ambiance, service and food quality. Our drinks were like a snow cone cocktail and the food came out promptly. Everything was the right temperature to eat and although I was full by the end of dessert we also didn't have leftovers to lug home. As a special Valentines gift they handed out fresh roses. In particular I loved their ice cream which was purple and so tasty. Overall I had a wonderful experience and will definitely revisit them soon.
"I feel like I'm batting 1000 right now because the last few places I've noshed at in our pretty city has been phenom. Bonifacio is definitely sitting at the top of this list. I've never had Filipino food before but after reading other reviews I was certain of a few things: 

(1)the experience was going to be entertaining 
(2) the drinks would be slam
(3) the food would be on point (no bougie or basic taste buds here)

I had the absolute pleasure of having Bryant M. and Keith M. as companions for my inaugural visit. Bryant, being the dollface that he is. took me on a tour of the menu 

-------------------------We interrupt this review for a rant----------------------------

And refused to allow me to say any of the menu items  out loud! He gave me MMAAJJOOR side eye just because I may have slightly struggled with pronouncing the name of the restaurant. He knew what I meant, but was that good enough?!! NOOOOO!!! Umphf! 

_______________Rant over. Back to the review________________________

as I was saying, Bryant took me on a tour of the menu, which was so helpful because I hadn't a clue what to order. He made a few recommendations and our table settled on Lumpiang Shanghai (spring rolls), Lechon Kawali (deep fried pork belly), and for entrees Chicken Adobo and Fried Chicken And Filipino Spaghetti.

It was all oh so delicious! Cooked very well and full of flavor. Not spicy; flavorful. The sauces are tasty as well. Oh - and don't forget to order the garlic rice!

The drinks were off the chain, but that was expected since Derek Reno, of The Reno Reserve, curated each and every one. Close your eyes and pick one. You literally can't go wrong. The only misstep will be the one you don't take to Bonifacio. Seriously."
Really cool concept. I went for boodle night (Thursday special), which is where your meal is served on a bed of banana leaves and you eat with your hands. This was a unique experience and I appreciate that. However, charging $8.00 for two very small drumsticks of chicken is kind of outrageous. That being said, the food was good despite the small portions. This would be a really fun place for a family to visit. Our waitress was awesome!
Recommended by a friend for brunch as a must eat. He did not lie. Still haven't had a chance to do brunch but have had lunch twice in the past two weeks there, and have loved it. Really enjoyed the bonito bowls with rice, Sisig and adobo were delicious. The drink list makes me want to stop in after work. A great friendly atmosphere is provided by the staff.
"I was incredibly excited to try this place and couldn't wait for them to officially open. Filipino food is my favorite cuisine and unfortunately, it's very difficult to find. First negative--no Sunday liquor license. There were a couple drinks I had seen other Yelp users post that looked fun and I was pretty disappointed that I couldn't order one. If I would have known this, I absolutely would have chosen a different day to come. We started with the tuna Kinilaw. It tasted fresh and we both really liked it. Then, came the pancit and lumpia. And I'm sorry to say that I really felt that the flavors were lacking and it didn't taste like authentic Filipino food to me. The lumpia tasted like spring rolls more than the densely packed little meat rolls that I've had from several Filipino families, festivals, and other restaurants. It wasn't anything special. The pancit, tasted like no pancit I have ever had. Again, it was lacking flavor. We both said, ""This isn't anything we couldn't make at home."" The vegetables were cooked perfectly--and they were great! But, as far as the noodles and overall taste, it was pretty boring. So much so that I gave the majority of my food to my friend. We also ordered the garlic rice, which wasn't too much different from plain white rice. My friend ordered the Halo Halo, which I highly disliked. I knew that I wouldn't like it so I can't really complain there. My friend really liked it and ate all of it. 
Would I come back? Yeah. There are a couple other things we want to try. I'm hoping things improve because it would be great to have a great Filipino place in Columbus!!"
Awesome.  We've been wanting to try this since it opened and just now got around to it.  We happened to go on Boodle Night where they serve traditional Filipino food family style on banana leaves.  It was delicious and a great value at that.  The service was excellent as our bartender was able to give us some great suggestions.  This is definitely a new go-to for us.
I definitely prefer their brunch menu over their regular menu based on the different dishes I've tried. Off the brunch menu, I really enjoy the different silog options which come with an egg, arroz caldo (a sort of rice porridge), and rice. Go for The Bonifacio if you want to try a little bit of everything. It includes tocino, corned beef hash, and longanisa (the best part!). The prices are pretty high for dishes that are meant to be authentically humble, but the flavors are good and the portions are a good size. The bistek silog is also tasty, but veers on the salty side. Side note, the fried egg that tops the rice rides on the runny side. I actually prefer my eggs cooked this way, but if you're iffy about that sort of thing I would ask them to cook it more like easy over.
"I'm so glad I gave this place another try, I went for lunch this time and got the veggie bonibowl, it came with four large pieces of friend tofu and beer battered eggplant as the protein. I liked the sauce that came with it and they did it on the side which was good. You get to choose between noodles and garlicky rice, I got the rice and wasn't disappointed. The lunch prices are nice too. 

I came for dinner when they first opened months ago and wasn't impressed. My food was ok but not amazing, but it seems they have changed their menu around so perhaps that helped. I can't wait to come for brunch."
"Wow! Sunday brunch was delightful at Bonifacio! I ordered the fried chicken and purple yam waffles. I also got to try some Chicken Adobo from my husband's plate. So tasty! Our meals came with a bowl of hot chicken and rice porridge, too! 

The porridge was good, if a little plain. We learned from google that oatmeal is a type of porridge, but it can be made with other grains, too! 

The fried chicken came with a gravy on top. It was tender and juicy like fresh fried chicken should be. The waffles were indeed purple and not as sweet as typical waffles. They had a coconut sauce on top that was very good, and they were sprinkled with a little powdered sugar. The adobo sauce on my husband's chicken was so good.

This location is small and was quite busy on a Sunday at 1 pm. Fortunately our group had reservations!"
"Could not be more pleased this is on the Columbus good scene. I went to both a preview of cocktails and bar food and also brunch and every experience was top notch.

It looks unassuming from the outside but step in and you'll be greeted with a well decorated space and friendly staff.

The chicken and waffles taste like you're in heaven (or on vacation with hints of coconut). Perfect mix of sweet and savory. Probably the best version of this dish I've ever tasted.

The cocktails (created by Reno reserve) are so fun. The ube cocktail is a favorite. 

So excited to keep going back!"
"I have to say that I was a huge fan of Thai Basils, but I didn't go there enough to be super disappointed that it was being replaced, especially with a Filipino restaurant run by the Red Velvet crew, since that's a cuisine that really hasn't become big in Columbus. If you're familiar with Thai Basils or Red Velvet, you may be surprised to find that this is a sit down restaurant. You can call for takeout, but don't expect to order up at the counter. They have a full service bar with a bunch of unique cocktails as well, so I'd highly recommend checking those out. I was there for lunch and passed on the drinks, but I did get to try a few dishes. 

The bartender was nice, but for lunch time, they seemed to have way too many people on. My Diet Coke was super flat, but that can be fixed. 

It's hard for me to get just one thing my first time at a new restaurant, and this menu has so many good looking dishes that I've never had before which made it even more difficult. I ended up trying the spring rolls and Chicken Adobo. I'm not one to order chicken when I'm eating out unless it's fried, but this is a quintessential Filipino dish, so I gave it a shot. 

The spring rolls were decent, but they weren't really memorable. I could have done without them and tried something else, but the bar food's a little pricey if you're combining it with an entree, especially for lunch. 

I was a huge fan of the Chicken Adobo. The skin on the chicken had great flavor and was nice and crispy, and you could really taste the soy, garlic, and vinegar in the chicken. It comes with the some fresh veggie mixture, and you can get white or garlic fried rice on the side. I went with the garlic fried rice, and even though it wasn't all that more flavorful than regular white rice, it did it's job of soaking up the juices leftover from the chicken. 

Bonifacio doesn't have a massive menu, but it's a good introduction to Filipino food, which I'd assume most of Columbus isn't all too familiar with. And even though I'm probably won't be trying the Balut any time soon, most of the entrees were very appealing, so I'll definitely be try some new things. In fact, I don't think there's a single entree that I didn't want to try, so you can expect many more pictures to come in the future."
Bonifacio is an amazing spot for Filipino cuisine! The warm scent of Filipino food greeted me as I walked in, and the menu displayed all of my favorites: chicken adobo, pork tocino, and bistek. I ordered the pork tocino, and my partner ordered the chicken adobo. Both of our meals came with a perfectly fried egg (no running at all) and rice. We also added the chicken and ube-flavored waffles. All of our food was delicious, and we took home a couple boxes because it was so filling. While we were eating, hit after hit from the 2000s played over the radio. All in all, we had a wonderful experience, and I would recommend Bonifacio to anyone who has a desire to try different things!
What a great find! And who knew how wonderful Filipino food was?? Friends of ours chose this book in a made-over Tim Hortons we think. The interior was inviting and our waitress, Bailey, was super friendly and helpful. Under her advice, we had two shared plates and two entrees which turned out to be the perfect amount of food. We tried barbeque chicken skewers, adobo baby back ribs, pancit bihon and inasal bao, all with garlic rice. The barbeque chicken had a sweet chili coating and was cooked to perfection....aka not too dry. There were three healthy skewers in a serving. The inasal bao was featured on Food Network and recommended by Michael Simon, and it did not disappoint. It was fried without being greasy and had an aioli I couldn't place with a zippy flavor. The ribs were tender, very seasoned and served with some crisp veggies. The pancit bihon was the most understated dish - not disappointing in any way but had a mild rice noodles and veggie taste. The chicken was shredded and not overcooked. We shared everything and decided to try dessert. We shared Turon and ube ice cream sandwiches. Dessert was okay. The jackfruit didn't have much flavor in the Turon but the sauce was smooth and tasty. The ube sandwiches were fun to try but didn't meet the deliciousness of the main food. We loved our experience and will definitely be back. Next time we plan to eat with our hands authentic style...can't wait!
"After living and traveling in Asia for a few years, I am embarrassed to say I don't think I've had Filipino food, so I was excited when I heard about this new place in Columbus. My husband and I went on a Saturday night, and when we arrived, we were asked to sit at the bar which we did, but after a few minutes noticed a couple empty tables in the back. When we asked about them, the hostess was like ""oh, I forgot about those!"" What?! We moved back and were much more comfortable. For appetizers, we went with the $3 garlic roasted peanuts which were really tasty and would have gone great with beer. For entrees, I went with the kare kare and my husband got the chicken adobo. The kare kare was stew-like and didn't taste bad, but it wasn't my favorite. It's hard to say whether it wasn't made well or whether it just isn't my favorite cuisine since I've never had Filipino food, but I would not get this again. The large chunks of bone in the stew kind of skeebed me out. The chicken dish was good, but nothing spectacular. After the mediocre entrees, we decided to get dessert to try to turn our mood around, and luckily both were pretty good. The pana cotta was like a green jello parfait, and the fried banana/dragonfruit things that looked like spring rolls that you dipped in caramel sauce were actually delicious. Overall, we had an enjoyable night out, but will probably not be going back unless it's for drinks, apps, and dessert!"
Very delicious lunch. Lots of flavor and fresh ingredients. I got the chicken adobo which has a great soy sauce flavor, Sisig which is a great spicy pork. Both come with rice an egg and salad. The kalamansi juice was good too.
Yummy! I wanted to try something new and different so I ordered the Sisag Bonibowl on Ubereats for lunch today. Everything was great. The salad dressing is really nice and refreshing. The salad was good. Rice perfect. Portion perfect. No complaints.
Brunch is very good and get a lot of food for the price. Good environment. Coming back for Happy hour
I came here for the chicken and ube waffle at brunch and fell in love with the guava stuffed French toast. The ube whipped cream and the accompanying sauce are so delicious and the combination of flavors is the most delicious, light and perfectly guilty pleasure brunch entree I've ever had. The chicken and waffles were good also but the chicken was on bone and that made it hard to eat with the waffle. The mango milk boba tea was also incredibly delicious. This place is such a cool find - I look forward to trying their dinner menu if i ever find myself in Columbus.
It's great trying the authentic Filipino food. I like the interesting flavors and ingredients I have never had before. We went for Sunday brunch but also want to try the dinner menu soon. I had the ube waffles(purple yam) and fried chicken. The syrup was really good and helps with the dryness and thickness of the waffle.  And the sauce on the porkbelly that my boyfriend ordered was also great! The bar is awesome and the staff is very great, professional, and friendly. 4 stars just because I wasn't overall amazed and wowed but it was definitely worth trying!
"Bonifacio is a cute, modern Filipino restaurant that I'd been wanting to try, so on a Saturday after a hard workout and with a big appetite I figured why not. I ordered off the brunch menu (Saturday 10 am - 3pm). For my drink I ordered a lychee spritzer which was delightfully sweet and I really enjoyed it. The reviews mentioned the arroz caldo (chicken and rice porridge) and the guava stuffed french toast as favorites. 

I ended up settling on the bonifacio which consists of longisana (sweet garlic pork sausage), tocino (sweet cured pork), and corned beef hash with garlic rice and an egg on top. It came with a side of arroz caldo. Hands down my favorite on the plate was the tocino. That sweet and savory combination was the thebomb.com....seriously... the garlic rice could've used a little more salt for my taste, but when eating it directly with the tocino and egg....soooooooo good!!! I highly recommend coming on a Saturday or Sunday to try the brunch. I believe you will not leave disappointed!"
Limited choices on the menu, but good food and decent sized portions. Wait staff is helpful explaining how to order.
Took my folks here. We're Filipino and really liked this place. Best of it's kind in central Ohio. The staff had that Filipino spirit and really wanted you to enjoy yourself here. Really like the short ribs here. Surprisingly my first time here and will surely be back.
"Bonifacio is chill, and my husband and I love the food. I may be biased as a half-Filipino, but it's tasty. 

Favorites: Garlic Rice; Bok Choy; Pork Lumpia; and Adobo Ribs

Favorite Drink: Ooh Bae"
"GO GO GO GO GO!

I'M SO EXCITED BECAUSE FILIPINO FOOD IS FINALLY IN COLUMBUS! Okay, I might be a bit biased; I am Filipino afterall. No, not really, but my soul is. My friends in Manila all nicknamed me siopao (a steamed bun filled with meat) because they say I'm white on the outside and brown on the inside. And after spending much of my 20s in the Phils, I accept that nickname proudly.

So I'm going to try to keep the rest of the review a bit more organized from this point on, but what I want to do is just shake you and ask WHY AREN'T YOU ALREADY IN THE CAR TO GO TO BONIFACIO. 

--What's Filipino food like?--
Don't make the mistake of thinking it's similar to any other Asian cuisine. Trust me -- it's not. The Philippines is primarily made of Spanish, Chinese, and Japanese influence, and the food reflects that. The dishes are simple and humble, yet delicious and comforting. Remember the first time you had Vietnamese pho and thought, ""Why haven't I been eating this my entire life?"" Well, that's exactly how Filipino food is going to make you feel. Lots of rice and pork options, but Bonifacio does flex to its audience a bit with great gluten-free and vegetarian options. 

--Who will love it?--
I feel super protective of my beloved Philippines (and now of Bonifacio), so I hope I can set a few expectations. If you're bougie or basic, maybe skip this one. If you're open-minded, adventurous, and just love good food and cocktails-- then run right this second to Grandview.

There's also a pink elephant in the room: If you're new to Filipino cuisine, nothing is going to taste like what you expect. Yes, fried chicken is typically served with a side of sweet spaghetti. Yes, balut (a partially-formed duck embryo) is a delicacy and isn't weird at all. Yes, halo halo is a shaved ice dessert with sweet beans -- and it's effing delicious. 

--What should you eat?--

-I would tell any first-timer to get adobo. It's ridiculously good chicken that's been marinated in soy sauce, bay leaves, and garlic. And it's dark meat FYI -- don't ask for a breast. 

-On a repeat visit, get the fried chicken and spaghetti. It's a Filipino fave!

-You HAVE TO HAVE TO get the lechon. It's the most crispy and delicious pork. Stupid good. 

-Definitely snack on lumpia, which is like little spring rolls filled with meat. 

-If your dish comes with a side of rice, get the garlic rice instead of plain. Trust. 

-End your meal with the most Filipino dessert possible -- halo halo. It literally means ""mix mix,"" which is so appropriate. It's shaved ice, evaporated milk, sweet red beans, almond and coconut jelly, leche flan, and ube (purple yam) jam. It's EVERYTHING. 

-Hell, just try it all. 

--The cocktails--

Derek Reno of The Reno Reserve crafted and curated the cocktail list here, and he poured all of his heart (and a lotta booze) into these drinks. My mind is blown by how Filipino they are --and at the same time how Columbus they are. Ingredients from the Phils + local spirits make these some of the tastiest and most creative cocktails I've ever had anywhere. I would totally come here just to drink. Tbh, these drinks are everything I always wanted the Grass Skirt Tiki Room to be -- lots of flash and flare (and dry ice!) but really strong and delicious cocktails that aren't super sweet. 

Which one to try? Just pick one and go down the list. They're that good.  

--The service--

The service here is perfect. Filipinos are known to be the friendliest people on the planet, and Bonifacio did not disappoint. Everyone was incredibly friendly and welcoming. Our server was on point: She was helpful, excited about navigating us through the menu, and never left us wanting for a thing. Really stellar service. 

--One last thing--

Bonifacio is new, so be kind to them while they work out any kinks. But if you go with an open mind and an empty stomach -- I think you're going to fall in love with the Philippines just like I did."
Probably my third visit to Bonifacio... the brunch options were excellent and my table of three all tried something different - and shared.  Everything from the porridge starter to the bubble tea, to the taro ice cream dessert was awesome!  The atmosphere, music, and server were perfect.  I couldn't have asked for a better brunch option that made everyone happy.  Thanks!
Had a company outing here. Met with MJ and he walked us thru the kaymayan style eating. The drinks was great. The pineapple old fashioned was great! It was amazing! If you want an authentic Filipino experience and great service, bring your family there! We will be back again with family and friends.
This restaurant was a gem in the middle of the ruff. Had the flavors I grew up with, the staff was great they really made me feel at home. They had San Miguel beer which I hadn't had in a very long time. If you're looking for a taste of home in the middle of Columbus this is the place for it.
"I'm so happy to see Filipino food getting the love it deserves here in Columbus. Bonifacio does a great job of showcasing this cuisine with small twists and variations on classic dishes. I would definitely recommend coming here for brunch and for their Boodle nights (every Thursday and Sunday night). For brunch, they have a wide range of silog with classic Filipino breakfast meats (tocino, longanisa, corned beef, spam). If you're hungry go for the combo and try them all. 

Now let's talk Boodle night. It's a take on kamayan style eating where banana leaves cover the tables and food is piled in the center, meant to be eaten by hand. This is great for large groups and everyone can share family style. Bonus: they can even accommodate for allergies and food preferences!"
Love this place!!! The staff are a amazing bunch of people. Great service and yummy food.
"OMG is all I have to say . My boyfriend is from
Manila therefore I eat authentic Filipino food often and this restaurant in Columbus ohio really touches home for me . I ate pancit and limpia along with red horse beer and several thrilla in Manila drink that was wayyyyy to good . I can't wait to go back . I felt at home , and ate so good the portions were big portions !"
I am so happy there is a Filipino restaurant here in Columbus, Ohio. I have seen many come and go, but I hope this new place that opened because it is incredible. First off, the food is great and the workers are more than happy to suggest items. Second, the restaurant itself looks very nice and I love the fresh flowers. I think it's always the little details that also make a place so great and I loved the starter soup they brought out and the great service. Obviously, the most important thing is always that the food is it good on the food is perfect. I think there are new things to try, which I love, but there are also things that are more familiar and even twists on things that I thought were familiar. I highly recommend this restaurant to anybody reading this. This might be random, but I am always curious about parking and there is a parking lot at the restaurant, so you don't even have to worry about that.
Came here for Saturday night dinner. Got seated immediately. Long wait for menu/waters. Ordered drinks which came about 20 min later. Drinks were good. Cocktails priced $7-10. Beers $5-7. Ordered pork spring rolls for app ($9), fried pork belly & chicken adobo ($14). I always weigh the price vs. tastiness. Food was good but no wow factor for me to want to return for the price of $14-17 per entree. Without the wait, I would have rated a 4 star.
"Wonderful to have a filipino place to eat at! I've never had legit filipino food, so it was nice to finally try it out. You've got your traditional dishes (adobe chicken) with some not so traditional drinks (craft beers, anyone?). The place has transformed so much--I can't even imagine that this place was once that hole-in-the-wall thai fast food place that blasted food network at all times! 

Definitely on the pricier side, especially considering the portion size, but definitely worth checking out."
"First experience with Filipino food and Bonifacio. They had some good happy hour specials that we tried to take advantage of. The pancit bihon (rice noodles with chicken and sausage) had a good amount of meat and a good balance of vegetables. The flavoring was more subtle than I expected though I thought I caught some notes of fish sauce. It was a wetter dish than I expected and there was a good amount of liquid at the bottom of the bowl. The sisig with pork had a light spicy kick and the meat had good texture. I wish we had pictures to go with the descriptions on the menu (yes, I'm one of those people, but it would have helped my decision making). 

We weren't blown away by any of the dishes but would still be excited to try again, perhaps brunch or boodle night."
When we sat down to order, we were disappointed to learn they they did not have ~3 of the main Filipino dishes including the Lechon, Kare Kare, and Dinuguan. This was at 6:15pm on a Saturday night. What we ordered tasted good but still a disappointment.
"Bonifacio hosted my rehearsal dinner for my wedding last week, and I couldn't be happier! My husband and I had been to Bonifacio for dinner and brunch a handful of times and loved it. I'm half-Filipina, so I thought having my rehearsal dinner at a Filipino restaurant would be a great way to incorporate my heritage into my wedding.  

I worked with a staff member named Charlie, and she was great. She was responsive and helpful, and she never pushed us to go past our budget. We ordered off the catering menu because that fit our budget the best, and everything was delicious! Even those who had never had Filipino food before raved about the food, and the fried tofu was a huge hit, which was surprising considering the rather carnivorous guest list. Even one of my friends who almost strictly eats carbs and dairy ate and liked the pancit bihon and turon! The service was also great, and the drinks were delicious. 

I would highly recommend Bonifacio both for a regular meal or for any catering needs."
"Bonifacio is probably my favorite go-to brunch spot in Cbus! It's the place that I always recommend to friends and anyone that's new to the area. You could say I'm basically a regular at their Sunday brunch. 

Known for their traditional Filipino cuisine, Bonifacio has everything that suits your fancy: from savory items like their all-time favorite longanisa silog and the chicken adobo, to sweet and delicious items like their guava stuffed French toast and donuts and ice cream tacos. 

As a brunch lover, I usually go for their traditional brunch menu items like the longanisa. It's my absolute fave!

They also host a weekly noodle night, which is a traditional Filipino community dinner feast centered around a table covered in banana leaves and food all laid out in the middle. Highly recommend!"
"Caught this place on a random google search while we were looking for some place to eat before a movie.  When we drove up I was not expecting anything great from the outward appearance but the inside was bright and colorful and the people working there were very nice.

The food was delicious and the portions were unexpectedly large.

I ordered two small plates

- Sizziling Sisig
- BBQ Chicken

Combined with rice I made it through about half of the sisig and one skewer of the chicken and went home with some tasty leftover.

My girlfriend got the fried porkbelly.  I was not super impressed by the flavor of the first bite then I dipped it in the sauce it came with and was very pleased."
The food was absolutely amazing! Suggestions by one of the waiters was right on point. Can't wait to go back to experience their Thursday night and Sunday night special with the banana leaves. Friendly waiter staff and drinks were amazing and original. Nice place to bring friends
"Epic Silogs you say?! I'm always down for a good Filipino restaurant and this one didn't blow my mind BUT it is defiantly one of the best tasting ones. 

It's out in new west and for someone who lives in Vancouver it's a bit far and in the residential area. None the less they have a huge wait line. They seem to be very popular because we waited a good half hour to be seated and another half hour for our food to arrive. - was quite the wait. 

Will I come back? I'm willing to dive out there for some epic Silogs. I want to try some of there other ones, seeing that they have a huge variety."
If your homesick this joint is the place for you. Down home pinoy silogs at its best.  I can't get enough of this place.
"What do you get when you take some garlic rice, add a couple of sunny side eggs and toss on any protein you can think of...welll...you get the Epic Grill and their siLOGs.
This small out of the way and unassuming restaurant is run by a family from the Philippines and I stumbled upon it when going to work on Annacis Island.
They have around 10 tables and stool seating area - old diner style.  First time there, I ordered the Epic Breakfast - American style.  It took about an hour to order and finish.  Each meal is made at the time of order - and in order it was received.
The eggs, sausages, pancakes, toasts, ... were good.  However, I look around at the packed place and the predominantly Philippine customers were having the siLOGs.  I made it a note to try it.
I ended up working near the same place a couple weeks later so I dropped by again.  Same thing.  Mom works the resto, Dad cooks.  The kids walked in around 10AM to help.  Once again, place packed up quickly over the morning hours.
I tried their Taps siLog.  Basically Beef.  My bud did their Chicken Wing one.  They have pork, sausage, fried fish, and all the different way they can be served.
It was a heavy breakfast!  Took over an hour as once again, things are made fresh and at the time you order it and only after everyone in front of you got their food.
Get there early, and order early!  Parking in the back and on the streets.
Cheers!"
We always have to try any filipino restaurant we come across since my wife is from there. Didn't know this place existed and we were excited to try once we heard about it. We arrived at the lunch rush and boy was it busy! It took a very long time to get our food and drinks but when it came it was definitely Epic! Worth the wait for sure. We had the 2 meat silog combo each and could barely move after we ate. The plate was huge. I had the Tosino and Lechon over garlic rice with 2 medium eggs. She had the Pusit and corned beef. I have to tell you that the food was so good I could have waited for 2 hours and would have been happy. The price was great too. I recommend this place to anyone.
Love the whole concept and the food is on point. Owner is incredibly friendly and hospitable.
"The food is delicious but be prepared to wait for a LOOONG time. It's our second time at Epic Grill and both times we've had to wait longer than 40 mins from the point of getting seated until our food was served. It's a great mom and pop restaurant, and the food tastes amazing, but it's definitely not a ""quick bite"" type of place. Make sure you have at least a couple of hours to spare."
"one of my best buds treated me to this much talked about place in the filipino community. 

ive heard mixed reviews both good and bad about this so im stoked to be finally trying it out. 

first off, location is right in the middle of nowhere. sandwiched between an up and coming residential areA and an industrial area. whats even more surprising, it shares a wall with a residential place. 

inside looks like an old diner being given new life. i like the long low bar seating complete with bar stools. menu is neatly written on chalkboards , everything explained in careful details...

ordered the 2 combo silogs ...beef tapa and fried pork belly and then the pork belly and dried fish combo. 

the fried pork belly ( lechon kawali) was awesome! perfectly done. crispy skin but tender and well seasoned meat. dish came with 2 eggs, 2 dipping sauces and a slice of cucumber and tomato. the beef tapa was likewise excellently done. marinated well and fork tender. 

the dried fried fish ( bias) was amazing too. deep fried to a crisp. not salty or oily at all. every can be eaten, including the bones. 1 bite and the cruuunch experience is enough to keep you coming back for more. 

service was quick! food came in less than 10 mins. staff very pleasant and helpful, making time to make small talk and get to know us. 

i gave 4 stars cause my least favourite was the garlic rice. the rice tasted stale. no aroma of garlic or any hint of it. it was simply fried rice with a dash of soy sauce. kind clumpy too. but other than that, everything else was amazing! 

for dessert, we tried the Sans Rival cake! its house made and their flagship dessert offering!

this cake was Wow! perfect flaky layers with butter cream filling! the butter cream was exquisite. so creamy and bursting with sinful delight. crust and layers fork tender....it was an absolute masterpiece. so good we even did take out. 

all in can say is that eating here took me down memory lane for sure. brought back so much memories of my time growing up in manila and eating comfort food. ive eaten ( silogs) in many filipino places , and this place has got to be the best one so far. better than many restaurants in manila too. 

order was huge too. for the price, its good bang for your buck! my friend was very satisfied and so was i. before leaving, i was heaping praises on the staff and the owner. 

i would absolutely go back for more!! 

cheers! happy eating!!"
"Full disclosure I'm not a connoisseur of Filipino food so im not sure how authentic this is. But since I don't know a lot of really good Filipino restaurants this place is number one for me! It's mostly grill stuff (obviously from the name) with a ton of different toppings to choose from. I chose to get milk fish and pork belly! The fish came with a sour dipping sauce that was super delicious. Pork belly was beautifully seasoned and crispy! There was a lot of rice for me but just enough for the hubby. It came with an egg and you can choose how you want to have it done. The price is a little bit steep for me but when I think about the fact that there aren't a lot of places doing the same thing I kind of don't mind. Plus it's delicious! 

So all in all I would recommend. I will definitely be back to try all the other things like their desserts!!"
Went here for lunch around 1 or so. Had heard about the legendary pork belly in the epic combo but when my acquaintance and I had gotten there, they were unfortunately out of that and the beef jerky. The waitress recommended the deep fried pork cutlet, chicken wings and corned beef. Was actually really darn good! Service was good and when we got there, it was pretty quiet. Will be back to try the pork belly when I am in that area.
The wife and I came here for brunch one rainy weekend after reading all the great reviews. No wait when we got there around 12 and we were seated right away. We both got the two item combo (milk fish and lechon for the wife, beef and chicken for me). Food took a little while to come but was definitely worth the wait. The meats were tasty and well cooked and when combined with the garlic rice made for a comforting meal on a rainy day. Only complaint on the food was the slightly small portions on the beef/chicken as my wife got a very generous portion of lechon and milk fish. Pricing is a little high but not outrageously so. Service was super friendly and we'll definitely be back again!
Tried the Filipino Silog menu. They have a lot if selection. Taste, portion and price were all pretty good. Will definitely come back for miore. Pretty good dessert selection too.
"I've said it before and I'll say it again... I'm not sure why there's so few Filipino restaurants in the Lower Mainland. Besides PinPin, Max's, Hapag Ihaw-Ihaw, and maybe Quick Bite, I don't think I've been to any other Filipino restaurants.

Recently, I heard about a new Filipino restaurant that opened in the Queensborough area of New Westminster called Epic Grill Silogs. Now, I've never had silogs before but I could only imagine that, whatever they were, they must be epic... after all, it's in their name! Silogs are a type of Filipino breakfast dish comprised of garlic fried rice and a fried egg (sinangag + itlog) combined with various meat options. And Epic serves up a large variety of them.

The restaurant is located in the middle of nowhere, literally. When you first come down this road, all you see are rows and rows of houses (some new and some old - it looks like they're going through a rebuilding phase here). The interior isn't much to look at... kind of reminds me of an old diner. And while there's generally a fair amount of seating here, when it gets busy, you can expect to wait since service is a bit slow.

On my first visit, I sat at the counter since there were no tables open. This usually isn't a big deal for me but I've got to say that their wobbly counter stools suck big time. It's like trying sit on a rock that's ready to fall any second. Not being very familiar with Filipino food, I decided on a Combo 1 ($14.95) which includes garlic fried rice, two fried eggs, and any two meat silogs of your choosing. I opted for the Tapsilog (which was described as marinated beef jerky) and the Lechonsilog (deep-fried pork belly).

The Tapsilog didn't really remind me of beef jerky but I'm glad I ordered it. It appears to be similar to thinly-cut, marinated beef. It was the deep-fried pork belly that I was really into. Mmm! Crispy, fatty, pork that has a super crunch to the pork cracklin'. If you're familiar with Chinese BBQ pork, just imagine the whole piece of pork having a nice crisp exterior while still being tender on the inside. Underneath all of that meat and fried eggs is the garlic fried rice

I was so happy with my first meal here that I came back 3 days later for lunch again... wanting to try some of the other items. On the next visit, I opted for just one silog... the Tosilog ($9.95) which is described as marinated sweet pork jerky on the menu. Just like the tapsilog, the tosilog didn't remind me of jerky at all. It's a thinly-sliced pork which has been marinated in a sweet sauce, giving it a deep red colour. The pork is a bit fatty, but not as noticeable as in the lechon. Overall, it's quite good... especially when you combine it with the vinegar sauce or the hot banana sauce that they have at the tables.

We came back for a visit on a Saturday and this place was quite busy around the lunchtime and we wound up waiting for a short while before we were sat at the counter. After ordering our meal, we waited, and waited, and waited some more. It was probably about a 45 minute wait until our food arrived after we ordered it. I'm not sure why it took this long because on my last two visits, the food came out quicker than this. On the plus side, by the time our food came out, some of the tables cleared up and we were able to move to one of the open tables.

We stuck with the two silog combos because they seemed to be the best deal. The Lumpiasilog and Lechonsilog is great if you like fried foods. Lumpia are the crispy spring rolls (you get 5 of them).

Meanwhile, we paired the Tapsilog (marinated beef) with Wingsilog (you guessed it... chicken wings).

The food here is pretty good if you're looking for silogs but the menu doesn't vary much from their focus on silogs. Given that, you'd expect that the food would be rather quick to come out but I found that when it gets busy, service can draw out to a snail's pace. I'd suggest going when they're less busy to avoid the crowds (they're closed on Wednesdays but Thursday wasn't too busy when I went during the lunch hour), especially on the weekend."
"If you love silogs, come here! The portions are large and food is flavourful. The meats/cakes are house made, that's a plus. Also, try the Sans rival cakes - just too good. 

There might be waits but it's well worth it. Service is okay but can improve. 

I definitely recommend! :)"
I came here for the corned beef combo and to have some Ube Cake. First all the portions are HUGE for the price. This is a very greasy spoon kind of place so most things feel or is deep friend. Since I wanted to Ube cake I only ate half of my corned beef combo and had the rest to go which worked out well in the end as I had something for dinner after. The Ube cake was nice and moist. I love the gorgeous purple color of Ube. The prices were very reasonable, especially with the portions. The customer service was super friendly and my meal came out in a timely manner. This was the perfect accidental lunch finding.
"Heard about this place from a friend who lives in the area. As a Filipino, I wanted to check this place out, and it was near where I lived. 

Somebody mentioned that there aren't a lot of Filipino restaurants so this place was packed (to be fair, we went on a weekend). There was this big confusion about where my party of 3 was to be seated as large families also needed to be accommodated.

Anyway, we ordered the tocilog and longsilog. Overall it was pretty good, and my non-Filipino friend really liked the tocino. The only thing I will nitpick was the meat-to-rice ratio; there was a lot of rice left on the plate. The dishes are reasonably priced for the portion of food you receive."
This is an extraordinary gem of a restaurant found in the suburbs of Vancouver, Canada. Service is excellent and the food extraordinary. We came with a big group of people and ordered a wide variety of food for sampling. Those who ordered the fish love their fish those who ordered the meat love their meats. I am something of a silog connoisseur and it was all good and definitely worth the short drive. My tocino and longanisa was excellent. The dishes had a homemade taste to them. The two highlights were the lechon (fried pork) poutine and the sans rival which were without rival!
"My tummy is so happy right now! My husband, a friend and I decided to go to Epic Grill for brunch. It's about a 25 minute drive from Vancouver so we decided to head off around 9:30am for brunch. It was a rainy morning so a hearty meal seemed like just the thing we needed. Everything on the menu sounded great so we decided to a try out a few dishes - we ordered milkfish, pork belly, marinated beef, minced pork, eggs and garlic rice. Sounds like a lot of food for 3 people, right? It certainly was! The thing to know about this place is that there portions are very generous and their food is good quality. Their prices? Very affordable. Each plate comes with a serve of rice, 2 eggs and a meat of your choice - this costs about $10. If you want to add another meat, it's about $15. 
Their pork belly was the winner for me - crispy on the skin and juicy on the inside. All the other dishes were really good too but just a little on the sweet side for my tastebuds. I don't normally like meat that is marinated with sugar or syrup. 
Service staff were fantastic - very friendly, polite and simply great service. 
I don't think much is expected of their decor - it's a little place in a residential setting; it's a little rustic and comfortable. 
You pay at the counter. We assumed the lady at the counter was the owner. She was amazing. She notice we ordered an extra side so gave us a tip for next time on how we can still order more food but save money. She also gave us a discounted price because it was a first time there. 
All in all, lovely experience and simply wonderful staff. I love a nice little home style cooking where you enjoy eating, knowing you are surrounded by amazing people. Salamat Epic Grill Silog!"
"Absolutely delicious silogs. Lots of variety of silogs to pick from, but my favourite will always be the longsilog and togsilog. Typically i come here when i'm very hungry for breakfast and get the combo 2 with 3 toppings.
Family-run business. From the decor to the food, you can tell they're serious about their craft; the restaurant concept is very well thought out and executed. Very spacious inside, great for groups and families. 
Great place for breakfast. Heard the coffee and other western breakfast stuff was good too."
I stopped in to pick up Filipino items for an event. They had just about everything on my list and were reasonably priced. The gentleman working was very friendly and helpful. The store is clean and items are easy to find.
The food was awesome and Mars provided great customer service. He ran out of rice but I told him I wasn't not eating chicken adobo and bopis without it.  He went out of his way and got it next door so I can have some rice.  Dude is awesome!!!
Glad to see a Filipino grocery store in Columbus. Certain items are priced higher than in a bigger Asian store, but they specialize in Filipino goods, like frozen calamansi mix and marinated Filipino BBQ skewers.   The owner is very nice. Clean and spacious.
Well, I just moved here from Florida and Im so desperate to find a Filipino store. And Im so lucky because I found this place. It is not far from my home. Their prices are not bad, unlike in FL. The owner was good/friendly and  he will welcome you with a smile. I love this place and I can't wait to come back. :) Proud to be pinoy! :)
"I love going to the Asian festival.... you can shop, get henna, eat, and watch a show(s).  I agree with other Yelpers in the fact that security could be a little beefier.  There are several younger people who are interesting in causing a scene, and get into fights... which often ruins it for other people.
I am glad that they still have it, and that I can go and have great food, and a great time."
"This review is a how-to, where-to for anyone who hasn't been to the Asian Festival or who isn't sure what they might like here.

1. Parking. Skip the slow & painful process of finding parking on-site and head down Woodland or Auburn, both about a block away. There is also plenty of parking a block north, along Long. (No, I'm not telling you about my secret spot.)

2. Bring the kids! It's family-friendly, with lots of demonstrations, room to move and play, and the TMNT were walking around and taking photographs today.

3. Best time to come is Sunday lunch-time. Or anytime, really. Even if it is hot, there is plenty of shade. The food lines are shorter on Sunday - necessary if you are unsure of what you really want, you can walk close to the booths and check the various menus/lists/random pieces of paper with the food offerings.

4. FOOD OMG. You are missing out if you do not get the stuffed chicken wings and papaya salad from the Siem Reap booth! SERIOUSLY. We also had a red curry noodle soup at a booth that was awesome (which was not on the posted menu, but there was a small sign. Glad we saw it.) Most of the food on offer is mild, not spicy. Also, skip the shaved ice and go for the HALO-HALO. Only the booth on the northeast corner has it. 

5. There are lots of demonstrations and shows/programming for martial arts, dancing, henna/body art, painting, etc. Each Asian country has a display with history, anthropology, culture, art as well as information about the local community in Columbus. Interesting given the sheer number of countries represented.

6. Possibly the only marketplace where you can buy cheap Asian goods and be supporting the local community. (Kidding. Kind of.)

7. Enjoy the park and conservatory grounds. Even when the fest is crowded and busy, there is room to spread out and relax.

Some of the best free fun to start the summer."
"Spring is coming and so are the Ohio spring festivals. Whenever the Simpson's starts with the family going to some sort of wacky festival I always know the context of the episode is Springfield, Ohio.
We are in the land of festivals and I love it.
I also generally love the Asian Festival. You kind of have to dig to find an authentic asian experience within the park. The food is a selection of asian bistro restaurants in town so it's a nice way to sample local spots, but don't expect to find traditional cold chinese dishes, or thai street dishes like roti, ice coffee, or som tom.
The story is the same with the merchants although i did score a beautiful moss green silk spun scarf from a Thai woman that let me bargain with here in thai, though my skills are quite rusty.
The highlight for me was actually inside in the museum. I spent about an hour looking at the art collections and at the information table chatting with OSU students representing their countries. I got alot of good advice about traveling since the southeast is my favorite spot on the planet.
If you haven't been to this festival go early, try to park close since you will be tired from walking the grounds, and  plan to stay all day."
"I always think of the Asian Festival as the kick-off for a summer of outdoor eating in Columbus.  Followed by the Jazz & Rib Fest, Festival Latino, and as many taco trucks as you can hit before the weather turns cold.  But I digress...

The food court is a bit of a hit-or-miss affair, with the usual Americanized Asian food, but there are always a few great vendors to be found if you know what you're looking for.  There are always a couple stands selling Filipino food, plus the local Chinese Buddhist temple has a stand selling vegetarian food, some of which is hard to come by otherwise.  The first few years we went you could always count on a Laotian vendor, which was nice, as there aren't any Laotian restaurants in Columbus (although Indochine Cafe has the occassional off-the-menu Laotian special).  Last year the Laotians were missing, but there was a good Thai vendor.  So we'll see what this year holds.

For us, it's a matter of buying as much food as we can carry, finding a shady spot facing the auditorium, and watching whatever performance happens to be on.  Some are pretty good, and even the mediocre ones remind me of growing up elsewhere.  Mayor Coleman and his entourage usually show up to shake hands, the white kids in the kung-fu troupes do lion dances, the Asian kids do hip hop, and people of every color show up to eat the food and enjoy the inevitably hot, humid weather.

Kind of makes me like living in Columbus."
"Sunday morning we showed up around 10 am when the event opens for the day.  Parking was free and just a couple blocks down the street at the park.  Kids enjoyed the face painting and activity booth.  We hit the food court up around 11:30 and the lines weren't very long.  I enjoyed several items from Siem Reap's booth and a Filipino booth.  

There are numerous martial arts, singing, dancing, and instrumental performances.  This is a free event other than what you eat and any items you purchase from their marketplace.  It's a great way to get out of the house and expose the family to other cultures."
Went to the Asian festival in June 2019.  It was unbearably hot and crowded.  It was really difficult to navigate the entire festival, and I thought there would be more food vendors than were present.  We had to find street parking in a neighborhood nearby and walk.  One pass through and it was enough.  We stopped just long enough to see part of a show and then decided to leave.  Not sure if this will be in the plans this year.
"I've  always love  going to to Asian festival so much wonderful food. This year i notice that security was more enforced. I also enjoy the shows and to learn about the Asian culture.

My Wife love to shop at the market place and find lots of  those hidden gems. I think the food prices are reasonable especially egg rolls, crab rangoon, the beverages. My wife loved the strawberry lemonade it was nice and refreshing on a hot summer day. My favorite was the lumpia which we found at a Philippine vendor. 

Looking forward to next year where I think I'll be a little more adventurous and try different foods."
"Missing home?
this is a place to go.a lot of all time favorite filipino food on their menu.
Plus,they sell Goldilocks products were you can take home as pasalubong.."
"I try to always stop here when I'm either flying in or out of Orlando - or both.  It's not too far off I-4 and the service is usually fast and always friendly.  I always get the Lechon Kawali and Lumpia.  I've tried their Lunch specials of long-silog and tocilog and they are great too, but you can only order them during the lunch hours.

Great place to stop."
Refreshing to come across a Filipino restaurant in Orlando but I think House of Adobo in Winter Garden has better quality food. We ordered adobo chicken and tocilog and some lumpia. Prices are low = plus!
"Who would have thought in the middle of Disney central you would find this gem!  

Ok not gonna lie, this restaurant shares the entrance to the Home Suite Home extended stay....the ""hotel"" is VER sketch in all the weird and bad ways...but once you get over the initial shock and walk into the restaurant, you'll be pleasantly surprised.

Since I have amazing filipino food here in NYC, I was a bit skeptical but we decided to give it a go anyway.  I'm soooo happy we did.  The flavors, seasonings and portions were all perfect.  I also liked that they offered both plain white rice and their garlic fried rice, which is usually only offered during breakfast.  They ran out of Crispy Pata, so had the lechon kawali instead.  OMG the fried pork belly pieces just MELTED.  Some places tend to over fry this amazing morsels of meat but this wasn't the case here.  Moist meat, followed by a nice marbelling of fat and gelatin and then the light crispy skin under all that was just fantastic. Also ordered my staples: Chicken Adobo: Not sure is they use the entire bird because I got mostly wings but no matter very very good, Sinagang Na Baboy: the tamarind broth was refreshing and loved both the crisp and soft veggies, Pancit Bihon: The boiled egg slices were missing :(  A little on the oily side but overall tasty, also ordered Pinkabet, they had run out of bitter melon and so they added some pumpin and still that was really well made and delicious.   

When I am back for yet another riveting round of Disney for my kids we will definitely be back to this restaurant!"
"First off, I have to say ratings are debunked mostly due to service as the few times I've been here it's been slow for them and even slower service in getting to my table. Last time (i.e. last week) I just went to the server area myself to get what condiments and napkins we needed. I felt pretty rude but there wasn't a server in sight and I notice my server tended to defect to my mother for everything since she ordered in Tagalog... 

HOWEVER--the food is good and portions are generous! If you can get over the consistently slow and sometimes all together lacking service you can indulge in the large portion orders for a cheap price. Sisig, Sinigang, lechon kawali, chicken adobo, and an order of pork eggrolls filled up our table and practically had our party of 3 rolling out the door. Authenic, flavorful, and at a good price for those in need of a Filipino food fix for both homey and easy to make as well as not so easy to make pinoy foods can enjoy it all here (after all I don't know about you but I don't keep a sisig hot plate in my pantry). All food comes out fresh and piping hot so please exercise caution on the innocent looking foods like eggrolls when taking that first bite.

One thing to personally note for this last visit was they didn't seem to have an calamansi, which I feel is a huge component to a truly authentic meal but also is pivotal to understand that Calamansi blooms and bears fruit in the spring/summer seasons, so during this time of the year is overall a luxury item.

Also if you come within time for the lunch special (which ends at 1:00 PM, not sure when it starts) you can get a huge meal for a great price!"
We went back on our annual trip to Orlando,Florida to this restaurant and of course the halo halo is still top notch. One of the best I've ever had! It has a lot of the usual ingredients, not just all ice and milk. I also ordered pancit Malabon and lechon kawali for my husband. Don't ever order their pancit malabon! Ever! It's not worth it, it's way overpriced. It was like this noodles swimming in this instant mama cita's seasoning topped with 3-4 pcs of small shrimps. No chicharon, tinapa, spring onions, it had 3-4 pcs of sliced boiled eggs. But that's it. For a restaurant boasting Filipino delicacies that was a shame! You just drop the ball right there Nipa Hut! Lechon kawali was okay. Also the restroom doesn't have a toilet paper. We didn't order any other food except for those this time because we only came here for merienda. As for the halo halo its still really good as it was a year ago when we first visited this place. But diners beware of the entrées. Because it can be mediocre which is unacceptable!
"This place is located inside a hotel by the lobby.  There's dining tables, a big screen tv, a bar, and a small Filipino shop.
Was there around almost 7pm and decided to try their menu.  Noticed there were only a few customers at the time I came in.  They had Filipino breakfast with reasonable price and stops serving at 1pm.  They have lunch and dinner menu.  For dinner, I had chicken adobo with garlic rice and an order of their Filipino spaghetti.  I had plenty of chicken, but I wasn't quite pleased with the adobo sauce.  It had more of a gravy style of soy sauce and vinegar but was not completely satisfied with the taste of the sauce.  The spaghetti however was good and had the usual sweetness from how it was cooked.
The service was very friendly and helpful.  I was low on my battery charge of my cell phone, and the waitress was kind enough to spare me a charger so I could call Uber to pick after I was done eating.
They do offer barbecue sticks, pork kawali, different flavored sinigang, and scoop of ice cream and halo-halo for dessert.
I've tried other great tasting Filipino food from other restaurants, but this place was just had a local average taste from the food I had elsewhere."
"I would probably give this 3 1/2 stars normally but my wife loved it. The food is authentic as near as I can tell (have visited the Philippines about 6 times) and the service was good. Not too busy and easy to get a table. San Miguel beer is available ($5) which is one of my favorites. The Bangus was done very well. The bbq sauce on the chicken lacked flavor. Very good service. 
Slightly expensive though for the type of food they serve. Not unusual for a hotel restaurant but be ready for the bill."
"We were seated shortly after we walked in. The food we ordered was pretty good. Although I was a bit disappointed. I specifically ordered spicy pork sigsig and it wasn't spicy. On the other hand, kare-kare had more vegetables than beef oxtail and tripe. 
We waited for our server to check up on us, and we also tried to get one of the employees attention for more rice and a refill for our drinks. We later found out that there was a party coming in, so we didn't get service we wanted. In the end, we ordered Halo-halo for to go, and it was yummy! 
Would come back next time for another shot."
One of the best experiences at a true Filipino restaurant. Amazing authentic food. We ordered enough food for 2 days for 3 people. Big portions and well worth every penny spent. Can't wait till the next visit. This is a must.
Visiting from NYC, we were craving and decided to eat here despite the mediocre reviews and mainly because it was the only filipino restaurant open for dinner on a Sunday in the Kissimmee area. The chicken bbq with garlic rice was a large leg thigh cut portion, but found the taste to only be average. The lechon kawali was good but not impressive. Their spaghetti was okay but not good enough for my  young children to ask for a second serving. If only the food could match their extraordinary hospitality. Furthermore, being annexed to the Hudson extended stay Hotel doesnt do it any justice either.  Patrons have to enter the restaurant through the non-welcoming hotel lobby which is dimly lit, where the front desk staff wear t-shirts, and that which has only produced poor hotel reviews. On this particular Sunday evening, the streetside hotel signage had no lights and the hotel lobby had 2 chandeliers which were turned off so the hotel's ambience adversely affects the overall first impression of the restaurant. Perhaps it's a different story during the daytime but I just feel from a NYC/New Jersey standpoint where there are plenty of restaurants to choose from, this place has the potential to improve its presence and be a preferred choice for also non filipino clientele.
"Fried pork!!!!

I was visiting my folks nearby and told them I wanted Lechon Kawali (deep fried pork belly) so this is where they brought me. Located off the lobby of a Home Suite Home hotel in Kissimmee, the exterior is decorated with a thatch roof and bamboo and looks kind of cheesy. Enter through the hotel lobby and you'll find a very spacious dimly lit  restaurant with several tables, a dance floor, and a bar. The place was pretty empty when we arrived for lunch and the hostess seated us right away. Turns out she is also the server, and probably the bartender too. We ordered a few San Migs and looked at the menu: an extensive selection of all the Filipino greatest hits. If you've never had Filipino food, consider it the original Asian fusion. Cantonese soy sauce meets Thai tamarind and coconut milk, meets Indonesian fish sauce and shrimp paste, meets Mexican adobo, meets Spanish porkophilia and lots of garlic. Everything is a la carte, and intended to be family style, so order a bunch and a few sides of rice.

We started with Sinigang Na Hipon: a soup made with tangy tamarind and delicious head-on prawns (like Tom Yum Goong). It arrives at the table in a large iron kettle and we serve ourselves. We also got a pot of Kare-Kare, a rich stew flavored with ox tails, peanut sauce, eggplant, string beans, and fermented shrimp paste. 

Delicious as everything was, the lechon kawali was the only thing I wanted. It arrived sizzling  fresh out of the deep fryer: thick strips of skin-on pork belly, deep fried until golden brown and rendered, skin blistered crisp, and chopped into bite size pieces. I ate a whole basket like it was popcorn, each piece surprisingly juicy with tender meat and super crunchy rind.  

As if that weren't enough, they do have dessert, including Halo-halo (shaved ice, flavored with ice cream, various tropical fruits, sweet beans, corn, and coconut.) However, for me, the pork was the beginning and the end. 
Until next time Nipa Hut.

Masarap!"
First time to a Philippine restaurant, and we have 11 people there last night.. we ordered lots of food, the most impressive one is the deep fried pig, and we reserved early, so they actually served that first.. that is delicious. I also like one of the beef dish cooked in a yellow stew with veggie, taste so good.. all the other noddle dishes are nice too.. finally had a taste of Philippine cuisines, i will day it's quite similar to Chinese, with a lot of deep fry stuff. They also eat a lot of pork, which is similar to China too..
Great service and awesome food. Preparation took a little longer than usual, but it was worth it. Loved the kilawin definitely a MUST try when you visit.
"Friendly staffs and we were so hungry that we ordered 4-6 different meals and of course all
of them were so delicious. We just didn't have room for desserts or the famous ""Halo-halo""
Certainly, we recommend this place and will come back..."
Authentic Filipino food. Really good! I had the chicken adobo and it tastes just like how my family makes it in the Philippines. Definitely coming back again!
Nipa Hut, what a find!  We were visiting FL from the northeast.  Traditional Filipino cuisine,  enjoyed all the dishes ordered, kare kare, Laing, sinagang, pancit bihon, pork barbecue, etc.  This family owned restaurant has a warm welcoming atmosphere and would accommodate any special requests.  We will be back the next time we are in town.  Salamat po!
Food is cooked great. Service is great. They could add more selection. But overall if you're craving tocilog, adobo or bihon...this is the spot.
Food was good. The only complain was the pork BBQ has a raw part. May be because they were in a hurry. Busy dinner when we came here. Other than that everything was good.
Weve been here a handful of times now. The taste of the food on our last visit indicates that they may have had a change in cooks as it wasn't as tasty as our previous visits.
The restaurant is very clean and well maintained. The Food is especially satisfying! True soul food from the Filipino cuisine; it's truly authentic! A must try.
If you want authentic Filipino food, this is the right place to be. The ambience is nice and the service is awesome. Staffs are nice. Definitely coming back here when we visit Florida again. Highly recommended!
Food is great! the sizzling Bangus was delicious! :) service was awesome. We also got lechon kawali and Tocino. Everything was yummy. We will come back again. And we got halo halo for dessert which was also yummy!!! We will definitely come back when we visit Orlando again..
Always visit Nipa Hut on our trips to Disney. Reasonable price and relaxing atmosphere. I just wished it is not attached to a shady Hudson motel. But location is about 12 miles from the parks. The Filipino patrons are mostly Americanized...not a friendly bunch..no warm hellos here. Food was always served fresh and truly Filipino food. Halo halo is great! We always eat some and more to go.
"Beautiful restaurant and ambiance (artwork, decor, etc.) - very warm and inviting. Outstanding customer service & presentation. This was our first time visiting Nipa Hut, and we are glad we did! 

The man who waited on us was very attentive, professional, and polite. I told him that I am gluten intolerant (& cannot eat wheat flour, soy sauce, hoisin sauce & oyster sauce without getting sick), and we discussed how the chef could accommodate me. 

I had a delicious Lechon Kawali appetizer, gluten-free Pancit Bihon with chicken & shrimp, homemade Habanero Sauce on the side, Garlic Rice, and Calamansi Juice. Everything was gluten-free and delicious! 

My family members who are not gluten intolerant ordered Pork Eggrolls/Lumpia Shanghai, Pork Menudo, Pancit Bihon with Pork Eggrolls, Pork Barbecue/Skewers, White Rice, Garlic Rice, Buko Juice/Coconut Water beverages, and Butchi for dessert. Everything was delicious! We highly recommend Nipa Hut!"
"Local Filipino Orlandoan here giving my honest review of what is probably our favorite traditional Filipino restaurant.  Filipino cuisine is becoming more popular with social media posts especially from places like California and New York.   The food, like its people, borrows from the various cultures that influence it.  However, in Central Florida, there only seems to be a handful of restaurants.  Our family comes here when we don't feel like preparing and cooking it ourselves! :)

Nipa Hut, which this restaurant gets their moniker, is a native Filipino house that is mainly constructed of bamboo and leaves.  The space upon walking in, gives you that homey and tropical vibe. Don't let the not so aesthetic exterior of the building dissuade you from coming in.  They do require you to wash hands and take a temperature reading prior to sitting down.

They serve all the traditional favorites.  Pancit - noodles, chicken adobo - sauteed chicken in soy sauce, kare kare - oxtail in rich peanut butter sauce, bbq sticks, and filipino spaghetti (sweeter sauce with hot dogs).  Our favorite is coming here for their breakfasts.  The tapsilog is a breakfast combo of tapa (fried cured beef) sinangag (fried garlic rice) itlog (fried egg).  Such a comforting and hearty breakfast!  And yes, we can eat rice for every meal.  For my pescatarian friends the fish sisig is also amazing.  It's shredded milk fish that is served sizzling with garlic and onions.  Put some vinegar and calamansi on it and enjoy with rice!  If you eat pork, the crispy pata (fried pork belly) would more than satisfy you. For dessert, some halo halo or ube ice cream would satisfy your sweet tooth.

The staff is of course friendly and make you feel at home.  Lots of families here and they even rent out the space for parties.  I remember in their older location they would have a DJ and karaoke on certain nights.  Really makes me feel like I'm at an Auntie's house enjoying some good food with good company."
"This was my first time having Filipino food and was very impressed! Had the chicken adobo which was delicious, along with the Ube ice cream which was phenomenal! 
The only con was the service, the staff didn't really pay attention to you and you had to really flag them down. 
Other than that, highly recommend this place if you're craving some good Filipino food!"
"First impressions when walking in, you see a hotel lobby that's kinda run down and grey but walking into the restaurant there's n authentic Filipino vibe.
The food is appropriatly portioned and really affordable (the lunch specials from 11-1 will get you a meal for about $7-$8). Flavor wise, I wasn't wowed. Everything tasted pretty standard with the exception of the palabok. Kinda like a ""my mom makes this better"" kind of thing. If there was calamansi to go with it would've been the best entree there. The Halo Halo was really good tho. 
Service is amazing and the waitresses are very friendly and attentive."
The food here is always good but my favorite dish is sizzling sisig. The lechon kawali was crispy and delishhhh!!! You have to dip it in the mang Tomas sauce. Yummm. My only complaint is the service is not good. Our appetizers and drinks  came with our entrees. Ohhh wait don't forget to order halo halo. It's  toooo die for!!!
Been to Nipa Hut many times but first time in there new location. The food is always so good! The service is great and always leave happy and full.
"I love the place and at the same time the food. I just hope in the near future they could come up into an idea to make there plating and food presentation a little modernized. Like in my opinion rather than putting the so-called "" Kaldero "" and served it together with the other foods, why not put it in a bowl. We ordered Kawali, Halo2 at Dinuguan and of course our signature rice. Every thing turned out delish but the plating wasn't that good. That's the only negative I could see in this place. Will still be back in this place soon and hopefully there will be some changes made or improvements made. Give it a try!"
"We came for brunch. It serves delicious breakfast! Our most recent trip my family got 4 of the breakfast dishes. We couldn't have been happier. Longsilog (sweet sausage links), Tapsilog (beef slices), Tocilong (sweet pork) and Daksilog (fried fish). You can choose garlic rice or steamed rice and it comes with 2 eggs. Try them all!

We also got the BBQ sticks! My kids loved them. Tender pork pieces with yummy sweet sauce.

You have to try the Laing. It is green leaves stewed in coconut milk with ginger a little spicy and pieces or meat. YUM!!!

The server was very helpful and did his job well. Drinks were refilled promptly and plates cleared when finished."
Food is really good, serving portions are mostly good for 2 people. Clean place, friendly staff. I would've given it 5 stars if the wait is not toooo long. I came here 3 times during my week long vacation, that's how much I liked it.
Here for some great Filipino food! Brings me back home. Great and friendly service. I also get to take home some of my favorite pastries.
"I adore this place. They recently moved to a new location. Thank goodness for gps or I would have missed it. They now serve bottled drinks which is not the end of the world. Staff is super friendly and helpful. They checked on me several times to make sure I was okay. My go to dishes are the pork Adobo with garlic rice and the pancit bihon with their egg rolls. I didnt have time or room I should say...but their halo halo is delightful and served in a pretty large glass. 
I ordered two dishes and had plenty left over on purpose. I need to find more friends to go with me so that we can get a little bit of everything. 
I have to say it is rather odd of an entrance on new location but very roomy and comfy inside. 
They also have a purchase items section near register. I wanted one of everything. This place is truly a little gem."
"I now love Filipino food due to Nipa Hut! Amazing service, fantastic food and a amazing customer service. 
I attended there grand opening where they had traditional Filipino dances and a family friendly environment. Must go back! 
Oh and my recommended appetizer is there Chopsuey!!"
..here for a week into town and was looking for a nice filipino restaurant that's near by and we found this place..right behind the restaurant is a hotel..so the entrace is through the lobby and on the right side you'll find the restaurant. A nice atmosphere not crowded because we came around 4pm on a tuesday. We ordered a sizzling boneless bangus aka Milkfish. Which was delicious and my husband ordered some Pinakbet (pork) it's basically mixed veggies not you typical mixed veggies..but asian style veggies with bittermelon, eggplant, string beans, okra, squash and pork. A sago gulaman to quech my thrist.
As I walked in to Nipa Hut I felt so at home. My server Daryll was excellent and explained the menu to me. I decided to order the Pork Adobo with Garlic Fried Rice. The portions are so huge and it was so delicious and flavorful. I had it home for leftovers.i ordered 2 special drinks which were a coconut drink and Filipino Lemonade which definitely quenched my thirst. For dessert I made sure I ordered Halo Halo. Thank you Daryll for making my first Dining experience enjoyable. Please recognize Daryll for his hard work has not gone unnoticed!
My wife is an excellent Philippine cook. For the first time I found a place that cooks equal to or better. No waste of money eating here. Portions are bigger than I anticipated. I highly recommend eating here. Especially since Philippine restaurants are hard to come by let alone one that has great food. Service was excellent. Served us even though they were closing the kitchen.
The new place is much nicer. Definitely an upgrade from it's previous location. It feels safer and more clean. Haven't had a chance to order more but from what I ate the food is decent. It takes care of Filipino cravings. I would add more to the menu for extra choices. All in all great experience for the holidays.
I loveddd this place when i visited florida! Its an authentic filipino restaurant and the prices are very reasonable! The food quality, taste and portions were great and definitely family friendly! The owners/ servers were patient, helpful, and kind and i felt taken care of. I especially enjoyed my shrimp sinigang and the halo halo for dessert!
"I'm going to give this a higher than usual rating because of the limited Philippine restaurants available anywhere. When I went to the Philippines, I was hooked on the food, but when I return I could not find one other than waiting for the Philfest. 

The decor definitely will throw you off and it's location is in a motel lobby. The food however is amazing and the staff was really nice and gave good recommendation on the dishes. A definite revisit.

The food may not be the best but definitely good for it's limited availability."
Food was good as always. The service was bismal! I watched as a customer asked for sauce and he points to where the customer can go to get it themselves versus the waiter walking 5 feet and getting it for the customer. Another customer asked for more napkins (we get one each) and again the waiter pointed to where the customer can get up from eating and get their own napkins, the waiter was 3 feet from the napkins. He was not that busy. 4 tables total. One was already eating when we got there, another got in about 6-7 minutes after us and the other table after we were served. When we ask for to go boxes for our food, he wanted to take away one of the rice containers because we only ordered one container of rice. Why? Was he planning to re-serve it? We just spent over $80 on food, I'm sure a container of rice wasn't going to break your business. I just told him to keep it on our table and go ahead and charge us (for his mistake). I tipped him $16 (over 20%). We come here every time we are on vacation over the years. The food is good and we like going here which is why he got a good tip, but not for his service.
"We were craving for Filipino food after having eaten only American food for five straight days at the theme parks and man, CRAVINGS UBER-SATISFIED! I highly recommend this place! I wish I had photos to share but we were just so hungry to take photos. Lol.

We ordered the pansit canton (LOOOOOVIT!!!), chicken sisig (BEST EVEEEEEEER!), kilawin (UNIQUELY AMAZING), sinigang na bangus (PERFECT TASTE)."
"I just had lunch here an hour ago and my yearning for superb Filipino restaurant food was finally satisfied. The sisig is similar to Aling Lucing's in Pampanga and the sinigang has the rich sour soup consistency a native Filipino would normally expect. It is also so adorable how they serve their rice in an old school Filipino cooking pot. We also enjoyed their tapsilog (good silog is scarce in Florida it seems so this place is a total gem). The sago't gulaman was also good. 

The table next to us ordered crispy pata and it looked so enticing...We would have ordered more if we weren't so full already."
Great find! Awesome Filipino food! Don't pay attention to the dated exterior. The restaurant is on the property of an old motel. We originally came here looking for a good home cooked Filipino breakfast, but everything was so good that we ordered more and ended up eating a full lunch meal too. We had the Tapsilog = steak, 2 sunny side up eggs, and garlic fried rice. We also had the breakfast meal with tocino (which is a sweetened pork), 2 sunny side up eggs, and garlic fried rice. We ordered the Lechon Kawali, just to compare it with a favorite restaurant back home that also makes great Lechon Kawali. This one that we ordered was really tasty and very crispy. It almost reminded me of chicharron. We loved it and ate every bite. We also ordered one of their pork BBQ sticks and it was also very good. The meat was soft and tender, and just the right amount of sweetness, the way Filipino BBQ is supposed to taste like. Believe it or not we somehow had room for dessert and ordered their Halo Halo = shaved ice, ube ice cream, custard/flan, and a whole bunch of other goodies that typically is served with Halo Halo. It was so good! We are happy to have found a place that reminded us of home, while we are away on vacation. I would recommend this place to everyone. It's in Kissimmee, which is about 14 minutes away from Lake Buena Vista, Orlando. They also sold some snacks which we purchased as well. Enjoy! We sure did!
We used to frequent Nipa Hut in years past when they were still in a space in the lobby of a hotel. A couple of years ago the taste of their food didn't seem on point so we found another alternative in the area. This time, we noticed that the restaurant had moved and decided to give it another try. Glad we did! The restaurant is even more spacious and follows strict social distancing guidelines. We ordered the pork sinigang, pork bbq, lechon kawali, and chicken adobo. All were delicious. We had the halo halo to share for dessert. It was a relaxing and satisfying meal with flavors from the cooking of our childhood days.
Great Filipino food with  great size of serving portions. Definitely will visit the place when in Orlando.
Wow the service was great, I miss the cooking from back home. Close enough. Julie was a good host and I plan on returning, good job fellow filipinos! My husband was happy today!
"We had heard so much about Nipa Hut from one of our friends and decided to give it a try.

First: They did a great job with the current situation. (COVID-19) Social distancing, sanitizing, etc.

2nd: The restaurant did not have the best smell in the air.

We went with 3 dishes we love: Crispy Pata, Chicken Adobo and Filipino Spaghetti. 

They were very generous portions at reasonable prices. (Except the Crispy Pata. I felt it was priced a bit high.)

My daughter liked her chicken adobo but, we both agreed that Kabayan's is better.

There was a very foul smell in the air after they brought the food out.  We decided it was coming from the Spaghetti which was ""okay"" but, Jollibee's is way better. 

The Crispy Pata was very good. It was a huge portion and was very crispy. Theirs is definitely the best we have had (in Florida), so far."
"When going to a restaurant I expect at least 1 of 3 things to be great... service, ambiance, and/or food. This place had none. Service was bad, ambiance... there was none, and the food was just okay. Not the best Filipino food that I've had. 

The server walked us to the table and dropped the menus off at the table without saying a word or turning to acknowledge us. The food took way too long to come out and the appetizers came out with our entrees (which I guess we could've asked ahead of time, but I thought that was common knowledge). The food was all just okay... nothing special. Nothing to really keep me coming back. We got lumpia for apps and pancit bihon and sinigang. The place looks dated. When I say dated, I don't mean retro or anything like that. I mean it hasn't been kept up with since the 90's... I really wanted to like this place but it didn't reach my expectations unfortunately. 

Giving it 3 stars because the food isn't bad."
Very good authentic Filipino food! Nothing is better than home cooked Filipino food after spending the day at Disney! It's about 15 minutes from Disney and worth a visit if you're looking for a great meal! You won't be disappointed
Lechon kawali was sooo crispy and the halo halo was the best dessert we've had on our vacation. Totally coming back when we vacation in Orlando.
"A decent Filipino restaurant overall. The price were reasonable and the portions were good. The place is spacious. This place must be used a lot for parties because there is a large dance floor in the middle. Very nice authentic décor.
We ordered the usual dishes (kawali, kare kare, dinuguan, etc.) All the dishes were fine. Service was above average. Friendly staff. You can buy their merch at the counter."
Another crave for Filipino food. The setting is very home family feel to it. Food is served to share with a table of friends or family so a great place for groups. Food is mixed with all the different kinds of Filipino dishes to offer along with some famous dishes that everyone knows. We had the chicken adobo, kare kare, and 2 orders of garlic fries rice to share. Food was great, came out efficiently and still warm. They also offer some yummy delicious Filipino desserts you can try like ube ice cream, halo halo, or something from their Goldilocks bakery. Come and try Nipa Hut if you're ever craving Filipino food or just in the area. The location is also 20 mins or so from Disney and all the other parks in case you're planning a day at the park.
"Been here before and after they moved locations. The new location is just a block or so down before the hotel they were previously connected with. Doesn't look inviting from the outside, but the inside is clean, spacious, and traditionally decorated. Much nicer in my opinion compared to their prior location. Ordered some food to go, and the staff was friendly and casual. They have Filipino cable as well you can watch while dining. 

The food itself is very good. Most of the dishes are very flavorful and authentic to what you would grow up with. The laing is delicious. The only item that needs work would be the palabok. It was mushy and tasted watery. The prices are fair, and the portions are decent. Some items seemed under rationed for their price point, considering Filipino food likes to be served family style. Overall, good local find if you're wanting to try some island favorites, as there aren't a lot in the area."
"New location! Menu is still the same, food is still on point. Main dish sizes seem bigger, can feed 2-3 people easily. It appears that new location is also a venue for special events. 

Our go to order usually consists of Kare-Kare, Lechon Kawali and pinakbet. Some filipino restaurants in the area I live (Tampa) fail to replicate the Halo-Halo I grew up eating. Nipa Hut makes it just the way I remember, and it's perfect."
"I would say it's more of a 3.5, but I don't have enough heart to give them a 4. 

Despite what I would consider a fairly large Filipino community in the area, there's an extreme shortage of Filipino restaurants. Come one guys, what gives? Our food is tasty and the general public deserves to try it! So when I found out there was a Filipino restaurant near the resort I was staying out for a staycation, I rushed over to try out their food!

First off, the location is kind of odd. It's part of this weird hotel/motel thing. It kind of gave me the hebbie jebbies. When we pulled in there were two cops in the parking lot and there's this weird swamp like water thing going on in the front... I felt like a made a wrong turn! 
 
The restaurant is attached to the lobby, so there was no way of avoiding the AHS like hotel....great.

Anyways, our server was wonderful and very friendly. She answered any questions we had and if she didn't know something she went and found the answer. The food was just so-so in my opinion. It wasn't horrible but it didn't satisfy that need for tasty Filipino cuisine. My boyfriend loves adobo so he went for that and was disappointed. I didn't even want to try it because it didn't look appetizing to me. It was a little to ""wet"" for my liking. I had the sigsig and it was good, nothing mind blowing. 

From the mediocre food and the weird location, this isn't a place I would go out of my way to visit. Instead I'll patiently wait for the Gods to send another Filipino restaurant to the Orlando area."
i love the pork adobo and pancit lug-lug/palabok. i went there last month. it is clean and very strict with hand hygiene, they even have a thermometer before you enter the dining area, that you will just to stand nearby and it will check your temperature. it is cool and i like that their washing area is near the lobby before you enter the dining area.
"We had heard so much about Nipa Hut from one of our friends and decided to give it a try.

First: They did a great job with the current situation. (COVID-19) Social distancing, sanitizing, etc.

2nd: The restauradid not have the best smell in the air.

We went with 3 dishes we love: Crispy Pata, Chicken Adobo and Filipino Spaghetti. 

They were very generous portions at reasonable prices. (Except the Crispy Pata. I felt it was priced a bit high.)

My daughter liked her chicken adobo but, we both agreed that Kabayan's is better.

There was a very foul smell in the air after they brought the food out.  We decided it was coming from the Spaghetti which was ""okay"" but, Jollibee's is way better. 

The Crispy Pata was very good. It was a huge portion and was very crispy. Theirs is definitely the best we have had (in Florida), so far."
"First time treating my boyfriend to this place. Pretty good food. Felt at home......  ... ... . . . . . . . ..  
 . . . .. . 
 . . . . .. . 
 . . .. . . . . . .. . . . .. . . . 
 . . .. ."
3.5 stars is more realistic of a rating. Despite having a reservation we had to wait 20 minutes to get a table. The place is loud with little seating. We had never had Filipino food but we went with our friend who grew up with it. He loved it! The portions were very small, but the prices didn't reflect that. Our favorite dishes were the Mom's Crab Fat Noodles, some seasonal lamb dish over a delicious sauce and the Coconut Rice for dessert.
Hey Magna!  Must say food has good flavors but the price point is off the hook.  Being Filipino, good authentic Filipino food does not cost $$$.   I know trying to be more elevated Filipino food, but it misses the mark with the ambiance, small crowded space, and service for the price point.   I know I can't take my hungry Filipino family and friends here...they would want a second dinner.
"Had a reservation for a few friends and then had a few EXTRA friends wanted to join--no problem. They were happy to accomodate. Luckily this meant there were enough of us there that when someone came to take our order we literally said ""we'd like one of everything"" and thank god we did because I can't imagine having left without a bite of every dish. Standouts for my crew were: Lugaw, Ukoy Waffle and the Pancit Bihon. Oh and ALL OF THE DESSERTS. Very charming place and obviously food made with lots of love and passion. Cannot wait to go again."
"DE-LICIOUS !! Go here and eat everything.

We certainly did.

As evidenced by the photos. 

I'll definitely be back !!"
"We had a great experience Friday night. Sat at the counter, great place to watch the cooks and chat with the owner/chef. We tried the salad which was fresh, colorful and flavorful. The pork belly dish was my favorite..or the perfectly prepared muscles, both were delish. The crab noodles were beautifully presented, but the flavor was a bit overwhelming for my taste. My Filipino father and grandfather would have loved it. 

Sitting at the counter watching the dishes being made just made me want to comeback and try the adobo and the whole fish, both looked awesome going out. Too bad I was too full to try them then."
"Service here was very friendly and the food was good. So why three stars? 
1. The wait was long. We didn't have a reservation so we got on the waitlist with a quoted 15 minute wait. The waiting area is very small so we went to a bar next door for a drink, and we came back 40 minutes later since we hadn't gotten a text yet, assuming they'd be ready for us soon. We were seated around 5 minutes later. 
2. The space is small. The restaurant that had this space before also had tight quarters but they must have had less tables because I used to be able to walk around and now when people were in the chairs you can't walk between the chairs/tables without touching someone they're so close. It also is very loud because of the tight space. 
3. The price point is high for the serving size. The chicken adobo was very tasty but a very small portion for the price and rice is extra, charged per person. I asked our server how many dishes we should get for two people and she recommended 4-5; when many dishes are in the $20 range, that was a lot more dishes than I'd expect to need to order at that price. Some veggie/noodle dishes were in the $10 range but we got the veggie crepe, 2 noodle dishes (one being the crab noodles which is more expensive), the adobo and drinks, and the bill was a lot higher than I'd anticipated walking into the place. 

I'd come back to try the place again but I don't see myself ever being a regular here like I was at the restaurant that was previously located in their spot."
I really enjoyed the food I got.  It was all a la carte and I saw no multiple course meals.  The omelette was delicious as was the pancit bihon.  They are also open for lunch take-out and I plan on going back for that.
Modern, filipino inspired cuisine. I had the bulolba, which was amazing. The both was amazing, I think i could have eaten just that. The adobo was solid with crispy skin, the kids liked it. The crab fat noodles were a bit of a disappointment, not bad, but I didn't taste the crab. Overall, i felt the prices were a bit high but not unfair. Regardless we cant afford $100 for a 3 dish  dinner on a regular basis so good as it was, the prices will keep me from being a regular.
"We came on opening night at 5:30PM, just thirty minutes after opening, and waited an hour to be seated, which was expected for the grand opening. The neighborhood is nice, so we went on a walk, and came back about 20 minutes later to see a line was formed straight out the door! When we went to see what was up, it seemed that no one was writing down names anymore, but rather having people just line up and wait in line. Some people we saw were waiting 30 minutes before getting their name on the list. After that hour passed, we were sat and immediately given menus. Once being seated, the service was pretty fast, and they were on top of refilling waters, checking up on us, and taking the time to present what each dish was. 

We ordered the Lumpia as a starter, which came with 7 pieces. It was crunchy on the outside and warm and flavorful on the inside. What came next was the squid ink pasta, which was my favorite out of the dishes. It was slightly creamy, and tasted a lot like the crab that was within the mix-I love it! The cod wrapped in banana leaf, and the pork adobo came last. I thought the pork adobo was good, as it fell off the bone. I wish it were a bit juicier, but the flavor was there. The cod was a little less than impressive. The fish was cooked perfectly, but the flavor was bland. I wish it had more of a quick whether it be some spice, or even a splash of lime or lemon juice. 

Overall, I was super excited for their opening, and had an awesome meal for the dinner that night, however this WAS my first time ever having Filipino food, so I can't compare or determine how ""authentic"" tasting things were. All I know, is that it was good, and I will be back!"
My family went to try this new Filipino restaurant. The service was great and the atmosphere was nice. We ordered first Lumpia Shanghai and Pancit Bihon. While the pancit was good, it tasted too salty. The Lumpia suffered from being too salty as well and I couldn't enjoy the Lumpia due to the overpowering salt. We ordered the Tortang Talong, Chicken Inasal, and Sisig as well and they were good. Overall, the food was good in flavor but it could benefit with using less salt.
"The food was flavorful delicious and you can tell the ingredients were fresh. However, if you consider the amount of ingredients and compare that to the price the conclusion would be ""overpriced"". For example, we ordered the seafood curry which came with 5-6 small mussels, three shrimp, two pieces of squash for $25 in a very small portion meaning no amount of broth to even spoon over rice. The crab noodles were tasty but again the portion did not match the price- you would except lump claw meat for the price. The main issue which ruined the dining experience was how absolutely freezing it was in the space. The poor design of the restaurant with the door constantly being opened and closed left us along with most all other diners eating in jackets. No liquor license currently but I think with an option for alcohol, better portions for the pricing and controlling the temperature better, this restaurant could be great."
We had lunch bowl chicken adobo with rice and  touch of jalapeño it was delicious. The serving is large enough for 2. We also had pancit yummy my husband a picky eater gave it 5 stars. Biko sticky rice cooked in coconut milk perfect not too sweet. Definitely going back to try lumpia and inihaw.
"Everything is so good! Me and my boyfriend came here and we sit by the bar area. We basically saw the chef cook everything and we wanted to order everything they made! 

The chicken is so tasty. 
MAKE SURE YOU SAVE SOME ROOM FOR DESERT! both the cheesecake and tupid are fantastic! 

will come back and try other dishes for sure!"
"Ate here tonight and it was a solid birthday meal. The noodz were delicious, the lumpia and (house made and seasonal) sweet and sour sauce was great, the dinuguan was a perfect intro for folks who haven't had ~chocolate meat~ before, and the tupig was so good my boyfriend was genuinely disappointed that I had never made him eat it before (which I have, it was just not memorably delectable like it was tonight!!). We made counter reservations on a whim and I can't recommend that enough. Best seats in the house. It's basically dinner and a show! 

ALSO, I am suspect of Filipino diners who find Magna too expensive. When I read complaints about price, I see a firmly held idea that Filipino food should be cheap. But why? It's inventive, locally sourced food whose price is on par with other restaurants with similar ideals. It's a dollar per person for rice in tax-free Oregon. Chill a bit."
"Raised on home cooked Filipino food plus all the hype surrounding the opening, I definitely went in with high expectations. Magna definitely did not disappoint!! 

The restaurant is very cute and the staff was very professional and friendly. They seemed to be working out the kinks with Resy and hosting in general but they made it work! 

I got the lumpia, adobo, bistek, sinigang, and the pandan cheesecake. I am definitely going back for the bistek. It was cooked perfectly and loved that it was served on top of bone marrow, which definitely elevated the dish. The sinigang was also great, the broth reminded me of my moms. I wasn't wild about the trout collar served with it but I generally prefer to stay away from fish. So if you like trout I'm sure it would've been a welcomed addition! 

I would probably skip the adobo next time. It was pork adobo and didn't pack the tangy punch I'm used to with adobo. 

All in all, I can't wait to come back and try out the other dishes. Pro tip- make a reservation with Resy beforehand!"
"If you're looking for some authentic Filipino food. Magna is the place to check out. Make reservations, because this place is pack full every night. 

Recently opened, there was a lot of buzz about this place in the Clinton area. They did not have a liquor license so they didn't ave any alcohol other then beer. 

We decided to get a whole bunch of stuff to share for the table. 

To start out, we got the Ukoy Waffle,  which had squash waffle, bay shrimp, delicata squash, carrots, scallions. The waffle was crispy and savory. 

The Moms Fat Crab Noodle with squid ink miki noodles, crab, peppers, corn was amazing. I love the texture, the color of the noodle and the flavor was well balanced. 

The Dinuguan which had pork shoulder, pork blood jus, steamed rice cake (putong Calasiao), pippara peppers was amazing. I really liked the putong and the pork blood jus. 

One other dish I cannot remember. 

My only complaint is the place is packed and small, people will bump into you."
"Respect!  Refined and quality up in here!
What had been lacking, presentation, in Filipino cuisine is addressed at this restaurant.  The chef and the staff are very welcoming and ready to inform customers about the featured foods.  Glad they're here!"
Being half-Filipina and growing up with a grandmother that was always in the kitchen making her grandkids Filipino eats, I was not disappointed. The dishes were amazing. I highly recommend the adobo. The service was above and beyond.  The bathroom is furnished with a full sized changing table and stocked with diapers in multiple sizes, as well as wipes. Chef Carlo brings dishes out himself and converses with the customers. Thank you, Chef, for this incredible restaurant.
"I was really excited to try this place. As a Filipino American I was thrilled to see Filipino cuisine get so much attention. The service was great, ambiance perfect and the food presentation was beautiful. That being said I was pretty disappointed by the food. The prices were terribly expensive for serving sizes being so small. Everything was extremely salty. The pancit tasted only of salt. The sinigang could have used more tamarind, was not sour at all and only tasted of patis. The adobo was good but had no hint of vinegar. The lumpia was very dry and about 1/3 the size of traditional lumpia. 

Overall I was pretty disappointed and won't be back."
"Great food in a small space! Reservations are the way to go; otherwise you may be facing an hour or longer wait time. There was one party waiting around that had a 7 person reservation but could not be sat because a table wasn't open yet.... awkward.

When I visited on Saturday, there seemed to be several glaringly obvious issues the staff was facing. The only oven was on the fritz, there was not a clear way to put your name in, the Front of House manager said he would remember who can in when... odd, when there was an empty clipboard on the wall in the lobby that seemed designed for taking names while the staff was running food or busing tables. 

To be far, the FOH manager did seem to possess an uncanny memory for what groups came in what order so we were sat at the bar/counter in the ""correct"" order of arrived guests. This is where the apparent oven issues were discovered but it seemed like the staff was still cranking out orders as fast as possible. 

Our waiter was the FOH line manager who was very nice, apologetic for the chaos and joked/interacted with us while we were sat at the counter. The employees seemed frazzled but kept their cool!

Now, onto food. I savored the Bistek (beef steak and bone marrow) and was so bummed when I finished! It was so delicious, fatty and flavorful. I've been thinking of the bone marrow for two days now and I can't stop; must.have.more. But be aware that besides some onions and greens, there isn't any side; it's just meat. Be sure to order some rice or split another entree with a friend. I've been 

Mom's fat crab noodles were also very, very good- creamy noodles, bits of crab in a lovely broth. Both dishes seemed be what other tables were consistently ordering as well. 

The cheesecake was made without egg in the crust (the FOH manager told us this when setting down the cheesecake) and is super crumbly. I liked the cheesecake because it is not very sweet and was a light finish to a heavier meal. 

I will be back for more bone marrow, without question. Only next time, I hope the oven works and I remember to make a reservation!"
We had high hopes for this place but the one take out order we had was very average, we did not want to order again. Might try to dine in when COVID is over...
Flavors you simply can't find anywhere else in PDX. Recommend going while you can still eat in the street!
The food was phenomenal! It is a small restaurant but the portions of food is enough to fill one persons stomach. I cannot wait to comeback soon!
"A fresh perspective on Filipino food! 

I'm not going to lie, I came into the restaurant with pretty high expectations. I grew up eating my Lola's (Grandma's) traditional Filipino cooking and loved every meal she made. 

While Magna Kusina is not a traditional take on Filipino food, it is highlights Filipino culture and is just as tasty. My high expectations where not disappointed! I even appreciated the small details of the dishes and silverware. The aesthetic made me nostalgic for my Lola's cooking. I look forward to going back. 

While I can't ignore how tasty the meal was and how high quality the ingredients were, I would give Magna Kusina a 4. This is because it is a little pricey for how much food is on the plate, and there is always room for improvement, especially for such a new business."
"It's definitely nice to a see a new and fresh Filipino restaurant here in Portland. I like that they're adding a fancy twist to the food and the dining experience, making it more upscale.

The food is really good, I would say 8.5/10 and everything was made fresh. Really love the Sisig and Mamma's phat crab noodle, super yummy. The desserts are amazing as well, very tasty but not extremely sweet.

However, I wouldn't give this place a 4 star because I feel like the food isn't really worth the price that you're paying for. All of their dishes are of medium to small portion. Rice cost extra and I didn't even have enough to eat. If you Filipino homies you know you gotta eat absolutely EVERYTHING with rice, it's pretty unsatisfying when you don't have enough rice to go with the food.

Overall, great food, great service, seating is limited so you might want to put in a reservation before you go there. Food portion is small so make sure to order more and spend quite a bit if you have a big group. Would I come back? Probably not, I could have a lot more options and diversities for this price range."
"I went here with a group of friends tonight. We had a lovely time! The ambiance is beautiful, the place is clean and fresh, the staff are super friendly and fabulous and Chef Carlo even took the time to come by our table to talk to us and make us feel welcome. This restaurant is obviously a labor of love and it shows in every way. As for the food, meat and seafood eaters have tantalizing options and the four friends I was with all enjoyed their meals immensely. I, however, was the only vegetarian in the group and, after looking at the menu online, was planning to have a salad as I thought that would be my only option. I was pleasantly surprised when Chef Carlo told me that the pancit could be made vegetarian with mushrooms instead of chicken. AND they even had vegetarian ""chicharron"" to put on top. Not only that but they use gluten free soy sauce in the restaurant so the dish was gluten free as well. Win-win for me! I had a tasty glass of red wine and we finished it up sharing desserts that I found to be both unique and spoon licking good. This isn't a rush in, rush out restaurant. It's a special treasure with well thought out dishes that are to be savored. All in all, a definite five star experience!"
We had such a fantastic meal on our recent trip to Portland. Magna Kusina does not disappoint. The shining stars were the kalderata, Wilfredo's adobo and my absolute favorite pancit bihon.  For dessert we had the cheesecake and I wish I lived closer because I would have it everyday. Now let's talk about the superb service. Our server was knowledgeable and patient with all of our questions. The decor is very well planned out. Not over the top and very classy. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed.
Had a great dinner at Magna the other night... loved the squash pancake and the adobo was SO good! Friendly staff, fun music, can't wait to return.
Awesome food, and friendly, down-to-earth service! I have never been a huge fan of eggplant but the eggplant omelet here had completely changed my mind. Soooo good. Also, their noodle game is on point!
Amazing food and excellent customer service. Not your traditional Filipino style, but clean flavors and elegant presentations. We practically tried the whole menu! The staff was attentive, cheerful and helpful with selections. Chef Carlo came out and greeted each table with genuine gratitude. Just wished the place was a little bigger. Thank You for a great experience!
Amazing food!!! Clean taste. Excellent customer service! Everything we ordered was amazing! The chef was great with answering questions and was very hands on. Eventually, it would be great if they add more drink/dessert selections (think, daldandan calamansi juice, taho, pichi-pichi, ube etc.) but for a newly opened restaurant cannot complain! It was a wonderful experience! Delcious food!
Was coming in from out of town, and stumbled upon some of the best Filipino food I've had in my life! They pay incredible respect to traditional Filipino ingredients and cooking practices, but have transformed the cuisine to bring out its soulful flavors that everyone can enjoy. Props to Chef Carlo and his team for making my Portland visit even more incredible!
Amazing Filipino food. Everything was great, still can't forget that sisig...soooo good
The staff was amazing, very accommodating and nice. The food is NOT traditional filipino food, more like a hint of it. If your looking for authentic this isnt the place, sort of hint of filipino cuisine. Id give it 5 star if its not categorize as filipino food. I love the staff but i wouldnt go back.
"Not your traditional filipino restaurant! Classic flavors with modern twist. I heard about this place through the grapvine and had to check out!

Stuff tried: 

Mom's crab fat noodles: squid ink colored jet black noodles, fat from blue crabs, this dish is genius and amazing! Get this

Tokwat baboy: pork belly, tofu puree and cilantro relish.  Nice sour taste, refreshing!

Staff was great and friendly. My only regret was coming by myself and not being to try more unique dishes!"
"What a great night. They were so great to accommodate a large party for us! We were seated as close to our reservation time as you coul hope. 

As we had a large party, our server offered to select menu items for us to ensure we were able to try all of the menu items and made sure there was enough for everyone to have some of it all. 

Now on to the food. Some of the highlights of the night was, of course, the Lumpia and the Pancit. We knew we had to try the Crab Fat Noodles. If there wasn't so much to try, we could have eaten more of those. 

The TOKWA'T BABOY was a home run and makes me want more of it right now. 

For the mains we were blown away by the WILFREDO'S CHICKEN ADOBO and the DINUGUAN. The reality is there wasn't a dish we didn't like. They were all delicious with every detail attended to. 

We would be remiss not to mention the deserts. Just do yourself a favor and order all of them. The Cheesecake is unreal. Not traditional like you would expect but way better. 

We can't wait to go back. The staff was so attentive and we really couldn't have asked for anything more!!!"
Incredible food - like nothing else you'll find in Portland, friendly and enthusiastic staff who care about the restaurant, family-like environment... I simply cannot wait to go back and try everything on the menu.
"Ok, where to start..? Oh yea come in here with an open mind and think what him Chef Lamagna is doing.. We ordered everything on the menu except the two desserts. Good food with some fusion pinoy foods - only reasons why this is not a 5 star is because we waited almost an hour for a reservations at 8:30pm they did take care of us  though . Another reason is the ""dinuguan"", tortang talong, Escabeche are so so for personal reasons....  EVERYTHING ELSE ARE GOOD!! and again come here with an open mind and think what he is trying to do........"
I'll start by admitting that I'm Filipina and probably biased, but there aren't very many Filipino restaurants that I would praise. This one deserves it. Every single thing I had was amazing. The Kare Kare tasted like home to me. The crab fat noodles were fire. The vibe was welcoming. I love this place for making me feel like home in Portland
The best new dinner spot in Portland. Minimalistic decor, but Magna doesn't need to hide behind decor unlike other trendy, awful new hot spots in town. Sublime reinterpretations of classic Filipino dishes. Knock out pancit. Stellar, moist chicken adobo. Awesome tortang talong. Tender lamb kaldereta.  Amazing fresh vegetables to accompany all. Will definitely be back.
Magna truly earns 10 stars!!! The menu is SPECTACULAR with fresh and tasty options of a wide variety of proteins, plus veggies all locally farmed and perfectly fresh. Service was top notch from both of our servers and Chef Carlos, who personally brought some of our dishes to the table. The noodle dish with veggies and chicken skin is an absolute must, in addition to the clams. Can't wait to go back to Magna!
I grew up in manila i give high remarks for pushing Filipino food but there hit and miss with food. Filipino  food i think is bold with sweet salty and sour flavor. Good service and fast services.
Great location and the sitting area is a little small so typical wait times are long. Casual and laid back atmosphere; too more than 15 mins for our server to come get our orders and that too we had to flag somebody down because we were very hungry. Most of menu items are quite pricey and the quantity is dismal. They specialize on authentic Filipino food and taste is reasonably good but quantity sucks.....so if you are hungry, this is not your place. Too expensive for a Filipino restaurant
Second time here and both were great.  This last time, didn't get to enjoy as much because my daughter and I are doing Meatless March.  If you are vegetarian, probably not the most expansive menu for you, but plenty fish and meat dishes.  Everything was delicious.  The service was FANTASTIC.  We did order one dish, a beef marrow soup, that was very salty with way too much fish sauce.  My son is a endless disposal so he still ate the beef and marrow.  At the end of the meal, I asked our fantastic server if the dish was prepared correctly so that I don't order it again in the future.  As we ate it, I wasn't looking to get it taken off the menu.  But our server came back and said that dish was way off, explained why, took it off our bill and brought us an extra dessert.  Highly recommend.
"Fantastic Menu of new and classic Filipino dishes.
Theres a reason why this restaurant comes up first on Yelp. 
With his studies of culinary expertise in New York, Carlo has created a terrific chefs offering on the menu to entice your tastebuds into well curated Filipino cuisine.
I'll be back."
This restaurant has heart and soul of Filipino fine dining. Very sophisticated take on Filipino food but still retaining the festive vibe of a Filipino family party. Service was excellent and the Chef has passion for the food he serves. Finally a Filipino restaurant that we have been waiting for!
"Portland is known for good food and this is a great addition to the town with a reputation for amazing cuisine. Filipino food is not widely known and as celebrated as it should be. Magna will make you a believer and validate how tasty and delicious
it is. The service was as great as the food and was a representation of the loving, familial culture embodied with Filipinos. Enough reading....just go and taste, feel and experience for yourself. Salamat!"
"I was sad Noho's left this spot, and this is definitely in a different price range than its previous tenants, but that isn't their problem. Unfortunately they forgot to call/text me while we went next door for a beer during the wait, and saw multiple
other people getting tables...so we didn't get in until I went back about 45 minutes later to ask.  It did seem they were a little understaffed for the amount of tables, which isn't many, but it is just busy in there.

All that being said, they knocked it out of the park with the food. We had about 4 dishes to split between two people and it was plenty, and worth the price. The crab fat noodles, tortang, steak and other pancake dish were all delicious and flavorful. Also had the cheesecake for dessert even though we had no room. Would recommend for the food 10/10, but the service and the check in process left a little to be desired."
Chef Carlo puts his twist on traditional Filipino food.  The presentation is nice, and the tastes superb.  If you're used to family-style Filipino cuisine, get ready for something new.  And do not miss dessert!  Now, as soon as they get their liquor license...:)
"We've been waiting awhile for Chef Lamagna to open their wonderful restaurant , quaint, great food, good service and charming chef .
Everything we had was so fresh , perfectly executed , the standouts for me being the Sisig, so crispy and moist, the Tortang Talong, and Adobo, loved the grilled and smoky flavor of the pork .
We are coming back again later this week to try the Pinais na Isda, fish in banana leaf, it sounds fabulous.
There is a good wait, and it is a touch loud inside, but comfortable and worth it.
Currently it's BYOB, so if you'd like to bring your own beverages ( no liquor please) you can, or there is a wine shop just down the street and a Plaid Pantry about a block away on Division for beer or soda. Not sure when, or if this will change as this is opening week.
Thank you for bringing such delicious , perfectly executed Filipino food here, makes it feel a bit more like home"
"I'm Filipino, I cook Filipino food and I eat Filipino food. This place is great. It's not traditional so I didn't order things I knew wouldn't be worth getting that I make at home a lot. Like the adobo. Instead here got to explore portions of our cuisine I don't make like the Escabeche and the Tupig. Items that everyone here is sleeping on. The service was great and the food came out quickly. I've been to other fusion Filipino restaurants like Jeepney in nyc and this one is better. Filipino flavors shine through western cooking techniques and are presented to your tongue in a new and interesting way. 

This place is pricey but keep this in mind: if you're Filipino and willing to shell out for a downtown located steakhouse with new American cuisine, but unwilling to pay the same prices for your own cuisine presented with the same esteem then who's really undervaluing our own food, culture and labor? Think about it."
If you are a Filipino or someone that has had Filipino food coming to eat here, keep an open mind about the flavors. Don't come in here commenting that your mom's cooking is better because home cooking is always gonna be better. With that said everything that I tried were delicious. I loved how the chef himself came out to deliver the food and explain what they were. The fusion of flavors was unique and interesting. For example, the eggrolls didn't taste like the typical eggrolls but it worked with the 'plum' sauce. I gave it 4 stars because the chicken I ordered was just a little undercooked close to the thigh bone. You know us Filipinos, we want everything cooked througly
Beautiful, delicious (and fun!) food and the most welcoming staff. The chicken inasal was incredible- a generous portion that was savory and a little tangy, perfectly cooked and accompanied by some crunchy pickled veg and baby bok choy. The fish was also exquisite (it changes based on what's good at market)-- delicate and fresh!
One of Portland's must-visit new hot spots. We had a fantastic meal on a bustling Saturday night. Our wait person shared detailed information about dishes and she was more attentive than any waiter ever to our food allergies, even marking up the menu to show the foods to avoid. The lugaw, a savory porridge, was a great appetizer to split (totally cosy starter, lots of nuance); the pancit bihon was also not to be missed (so many textures and subtle flavors); the most amazing dish was Mom's crab fat noodles, an astonishing blend of sea flavors that became the stuff of my dreams.
I had been craving pancit bihon for most of the quarantine and jumped at the chance to get the $25 meal with lechón, pancit bihon, and pandan cheesecake. I loved everything. The portions were generous and I had enough leftovers for the next day. Perfectly satisfied my Filipino food cravings.
"Was visiting town for work and decided to try it out. Been following Chef Carlo for a while now through Eater and instagram. food was absolutely amazing and the service was attentive.

 ""Moms Crab Fat Noodles"" = BLISS 

So here is my two cents tho.... after reading some of the other reviews by Filipinos (First off I'm a Filipino American who grew up eating Filipino food my entire life). 

(Trigger Warning)

1. Magna is trying to tell a story about ""CHEF CARLO'S"" family and memories, not directly your own. But for me his dishes brought back a lot of fond memories for myself

2. This is not a buffet, the portions are decent for the price point. Remember quality over quantity 

3. Tired of reading reviews about too expensive for Filipino food. Having worked in the food industry for while, just know more goes into food pricing. Labor, overhead, and food quality are all factors.

So bottom line is that we need to support more Chefs and restaurants who are building our communities. People who are pushing to give us a voice. Stop with the crab mentality and start finding  value in those who tirelessly work hard for our enjoyment.

(RANT OVER)"
Absolutely delicious. Can't say enough about the quality of the food and service. It's so nice to have a legit Filipino place in Portland. I would usually point out specific dishes to recommend, but everything we ordered was amazing. Just order a couple starters, a couple main dishes and dessert and you'll be set.
They've resumed take-away dinners while the dining room is closed. A set three-course menu for $25. I ordered from them on Sunday, and it was SO good! It was nicely packaged and presented, and everything was delicious. A very well spent $25; I'll be back.
"So good! I have been waiting for a good Filipino restaurant to open in Portland, and this is it. The pancit tastes to authentic, but the cheesecake is a must! 

The staff was awesome, so friendly and accommodating! I cannot wait for their brunch service to start!"
This is such an amazing Filipino restaurant!!! Not only the food gives your taste buds a huge party in your mouth and everyone is coming, the staff and owner is like family! My wife and I came in there and were treated like we known each other for years. They are very welcoming to us and we chatted what feels like we known each other for a long time. It was my birthday week when we visited and they given me a delicious dessert. Truly a treat especially during the pandemic and will definitely visit this fine establishment when we come back to visit Portland. I wish that the pandemic is over and we could stay and chat with them more for hours. Love this place
So delicious, and blowing up for good reason.  The Lumpia was amazing, I'm obsessed.  We went across the street for a drink at Clinton pub since waiting area is low on space and they texted when our table was ready.  Staff so friendly and service excellent!!!  I'm Filipino and so excited to have the food of my childhood in Portland. Love!!!
"A cool refreshing add to Portland. This was one of the restaurants that I've been waiting for in Portland to open. I know there's been some delays, but glad to seem them up and running. I went with a couple other friends and we ordered a good portion of the menu: 
- Suman: sticky rice, green papaya, calamansi- the rice was almost like a porridge texture and had thin strips of green papaya on it. It was a nice a simple dish.
- Pancit Bihon: cornstarch noodles, chicken skin chicharon, carrot, cabbage, scallions: a refreshing dish as the noodles reminded me of a similar glass noodles that my mom makes. 
- Sisig: Pork bits, egg, peppers- you mix the egg up with the pork bits and just start eating it. The dish was surprisingly light but tasty.
- Mom's Crab Fat Noodles: squid ink miki noodles, crab, peppers, corn: this was one of my friends favorite dish (I didn't try it)
- Wilfredo's Adobo: pork rib and shoulder, soy, vinegar,  charred green beans: this was a different take on the adobo that I am used to. It was more like a pork chop style that we had to use a knife and fork to cut in. The flavor of the adobo was great.
- Chicken Inasal: chicken, annatto, bok choy, enoki mushroom, atcharra: this was served as a mid size piece of chicken.  We had to use a life to cut up the meat in pieces. The flavor was there, but slightly dry.
- Bistek: citrus soy marinated steak, bone marrow, cilantro, alliums: this was probably my favorite dish of the night.  It came with a large bone marrow and pieces of steak that very flavorful.  The sauce on it enhanced the flavor. 
- Cheesecake: pandan flavored cheesecake with brown butter polvoron: the cheesecake was fairly light and the pandan flavor was not as strong as I was expecting it to be.

Overall,  a great experience and great service.  The place is fairly small and reservations might be the best bet to guarantee a seat. I am definitely glad to see this addition to Portland."
"Went in to Magna for the first time on Saturday night. The place was warm and welcoming, the service was like talking to an old friend, but let's talk about the food.

We had the rice porridge, the crab fat noodles, the confit lamb, and the special, which was a roast winter squash with a coconut milk sauce and crunchy toasted squash seeds on top along with some dresses salad greens for acidity. Sorry, I forgot where I was for a second..

...but that squash. The first bite made my night. That was a bite that's going down in my favorite food memories of all time. I'm not exaggerating when I say I'm actually tearing up a little as I write this. It was that good.

Genuinely very happy with my restaurant experience and I can't thank the staff enough for making that all possible. 

Kudos"
A fun and friendly vibe greets you as you enter. Although we had reservations, we had to wait for 20 minutes for our table as the dining room is small and packed! The food was worth the wait. Our party ordered one of everything on the menu. Everything was delicious minus the mung beans that were just okay. I expected more flavor with bittermelon. Standouts were Mom's Crab Fat Noodles, pompano fish, and chicken adobe.
This is a solid neighborhood restaurant. Good food (I particularly enjoyed the squid with marrow fried rice), friendly service, and reasonably priced. Will definitely go back to try things we couldn't order on our first visit!
Wonderful restaurant! Great food and wonderful service! We have been wanting to try this restaurant for months but couldn't get in. We finally went and it Waac well worth the wait. The food was so fresh and flavorful. I can't wait to return.
"I'm already thinking about my next visit to Magna Kusina! I had a great dinner on a Tuesday night with my cousin and her husband. I honestly have not explored much Filipino cuisine before, but I am glad that I got to try some dishes at Magna Kusina. The dishes here are served family style, and everything we ordered was extremely delicious. Lots of flavor. 

I would come back again just for the Mom's Crab Fat Noodles (squid ink) - this dish is unlike any other noodle dish I have tried before. We also ordered the Sinigang and Pancit Bihon. The Pancit Bihon had great texture with the crunch of chicken skin chicharron that seemed to appear in every bite. The Sinigang came with a light breaded fish collar and flavorful sauce that I dressed my rice with - yum! 

For dessert, we ordered the Panang Cheesecake to go. To go, because we were too full from our meal but could not pass up trying dessert here. A little on the small side for $6 (really wish there was more of it since it was also very tasty)! 

Amazing food paired with stellar service. I can't wait to be back and try other menu items."
"Love the new update on Filipino food. This place has soul and heart. Servers are personable and invested in the place and that you enjoy the food. So many places in pdx with aloof staff...its a NICE CHANGE!  Pancit noodles were light and flavorful with good balance of acid and umami. The chicken skin gave it a nice crunch. My friend got the bone marrow with broth and beef soup so flavorful. 
Dessert was a lemon merengue with nuts and some spice. 

Reservations accepted. 
Family style type of eating."
"Where to begin.  Greeted at entrance by an incredibly engaging manager who immediately took personal interest in my party's happiness and enjoyment.  Made great conversation with my whole table and gave us some solid wine recommendations (Beer and wine only, I had no idea you could match wines to Filipino food so well).  The place is intimate but fun, colorful and a warm atmosphere.  Feels like you are truly in a local, ""this is where the real food comes from"" kind of place.  And the food... perfectly cooked seafood piled over noodles in a slick coconut curry sauce.... bone marrow covered by a healthy layer of sliced steak topped with roe (another incredible combination.... who knew?), creative house takes on Lumpia, rice porridge (never had one so flavorful before), and an incredible Tupig dessert.  Just try it, no questions.  Chef Magna came out to greet the table: what an incredibly engaging and down to earth person.  You can easily see how the food feels so home inspired but elevated after meeting them.  Runs like a small family operation; you gotta go.  Will definitely be back."
Super duper - this place is the ! Get everything, really I mean Everything! If you can't get everything then get the squid ink noodles with ! Yummy!!!!
"I love this little place!! We tried a handful of dishes and were stuffed when we walked out. I loved the crab fat noodles, the Lumpiang, and the tupig. The service was amazing even though the space was completely packed.
I cannot wait to come back again!"
"AMAZING! I haven't been this impressed with a new restaurant since EEM. A Filipino friend and I ordered 4 different things, and each one was delicious. Top favorites (yes I'm picking 3 of the 4 things we ordered) are the 'Mom's Crab Fat Noodles,' their 'Sisig' and 'Bistek'. The Noodles are probably my go to thing to order here now. The squid ink pasta was unlike any other I've had in that they were thin like angel hair pasta and the crab, corn and broth were so buttery. The sisig was ""the best sisig"" my friend has had... And he's ordered it everywhere in the Philippines (and makes a pretty mean version as well). The Bistek (steak and marrow) was well seasoned and cooked to temp, but the marrow is what I'm here for :P

The presentation of every dish that came out was very on point and authentic to the culture. The staff was super attentive and pleasant, and the food was unique and sensational. 5 solid stars FOR SURE"
Great food lovingly prepared! I'm already looking forward to a return visit! We ordered several of the dishes and shared them family style. It was hard to pick a favorite since they were all excellent.
"A very good friend treated me to a lovely dinner at Magna. He had been previously and raved about the yummy and super rich Mom's Crab Fat Noodles. Since it was his idea as well as his treat I encouraged my dining companion to order what he wanted to try, I was along for the flavor ride.
We started with a lovely salad with fresh lively flavors. I believe it consisted of onions and radishes, possibly beets. I wish I knew the name of it because it was excellent!
For our main course we shared the Dinuguan - pork shoulder, pork blood jus, steamed rice cake (putong Calasiao), pippara peppers, and the Wilfredo's Chicken Adobo - chicken, soy, vinegar, bok choy, mushrooms.
Both were delish, I prefered the chicken while his new favorite dish is the pork. I prefer complex and spiced foods so the pork was a little bland for me, I commented that it was missing a spark, but it was good. My friend thought it was perfectly flavored. That's why it's fun to share dishes so you can find the one that speaks to you.
To complete the dinner we shared the Cheesecake - pandan flavored cheesecake with brown butter polvoron. I am one of the rare individuals who does not love cheesecake but this was fantastic, and as far as I'm concerned, all cheesecake should be so lucky to taste this fabulous!
I highly recommend reservations! We walked in and our table was waiting for us. Both the manager (owner?) and our server were exceptional. I can't put my finger on why, they just made us feel comfortable and well cared for without being overbearing.
I would highly recommend you go!"
"As of January 2021, Magna is currently temporarily closed, and I am fortunate to have had lunch there last month. The fried chicken adobo was a heavenly portion of perfectly crispy chicken enhanced with adobo flavor. 

The lumpia, a savory staple in the Filipino household, had great flavor and crisp, that is comparable to grandmas.  

I understand and enjoy the complexity of flavors that co-exist in Filipino cuisine. There's quite a dichotomy when it comes to Filipino cuisine, as it's underrepresented in a country with a large population of Filipinos.

Magna represents Chef Carlo's view on the foods that he grew up with, in an eloquent way, which may be a little different from someone's mom/aunt/uncle/grandma/grandpa's representation. I hope that someday soon, we can all sit and enjoy the foods of a different culture and admire the different techniques and special touches that stray just a touch from the traditional, yet celebrates roots of a country that many are unfamiliar with."
We were looking forward to a unique meal at MK while on a recent trip to Portland, but when we got there we were informed that they were running on a very limited menu. Everything we wanted to try was off their menu so we settled for whatever was available. We ordered the Mom's Crab Fat Noodles (Dungeness crab, crab fat sauce, squid ink miki noodles, corn, sweet peppers); Fried Chicken Adobo (breaded and fried leg quarter served with brown gravy); Lumpia; Biko; Cheesecake with Polvoron and Guava Cheese Pastry. Chef and staff were very nice and friendly. The crab fat noodles was definitely different - it was good, but I'm sure it would have been better dine in. I couldn't really taste the squid ink, but the entire dish was good with the crab fat and crab meat. The adobo was also different. It was fried chicken with a side of their version of adobo sauce. Lumpia was very good, but we didn't care for the dipping sauce.  Biko was a little dry, but we loved the guava pastry and the cheesecake! If you are looking for traditional Filipino food, you will not find it here. The chef puts a different and creative spin on what we know as traditional fare. We hope to return when their full menu is back and dine in is available again.
"What a wonderful place!  We had a reservation, which was ready on time, but we asked the hostess if we might delay for a drink next door, and they were fine with that.  The service was fantastic!  Over the course of our meal, _four_ attentive staff --each knowledgeable and super-friendly--explained the various dishes as we ordered and as they were delivered over time.  It's good they did, as we were both unfamiliar with the style of food.  We really learned about Filipino food and culture from the degree of helpful expertise.  
And oh my goodness -- everything they recommended was fantastic!  A wonderful amalgam  of delicious vegetables, proteins and starches!  We ended our meal with two sweet (but delectably balanced) desserts that perfectly capped a fabulous meal!  We will most definitely be back again and again!"
"I've been dying to try this restaurant. I have been following Chef Carlo for a long time here in Oregon  when he would do pop ups. The restaurant opening has been long-awaited and I am so glad that I was able to share this moment with my cousin who is also Filipino. We met up for dinner because we wanted to try this restaurant and also because we wanted to catch up with each other while celebrating Filipino heritage month over some great food. 

What I really appreciated about the food was the modern twist to some very traditional Filipino dishes. For example the chicken adobo, the way that it was prepared; it sat on Bok Choy and radish, while the chicken was fully in tact and impressively brown to perfection with the ever so lightly glazed adobo sauce. 

My favorite main dish was the fried fish. The fish was the right size for two people. It came with a light papaya salad and a really great dipping sauce that held the dish really well. Imagine a piece of fried fish with papaya salad, rice and tomato= perfection and heaven in my mouth! 

The tupig was for sure my favorite!!! I have always loved this dessert growing up and the brown sugar glaze that's over the desert really brought me back some memories of when I used to help my grandma roll this dessert into banana leaves. It was so good that every time I took a bite of the dessert, I closed my eyes because it was that good! Then the buko pandan cheesecake with some polovoron crumble=absolute dessert genius!!! 

They are still working on their liquor license in case anyone was wondering.

Maraming Salamat for the great food and a great night!"
"This is a cute new Filipino restaurant. The dining room is pretty small, so reservations are definitely recommended. Service is friendly and efficient.

Mom's Crab Fat Noodles: ($20) a nice dish with an acid-forward flavor profile. The crab and roasted corn make for a good assortment of textures. I'm not sure where the ""Fat"" comes from--the noodles are thinish.

Dinuguan: ($22) the pork shoulder is nice and tender. It would be a bit heavy and monotonous if ordered alone and not shared. I enjoyed the putong.

Escabeche: ($35 MP) fried black cod--my favorite! Perfectly prepared--no heavy batter; moist, flakey fish. Served with a simple pickled papaya salad to add some acid."
"Has outdoor seating (3 picnic tables).
Friendly employee, wears a mask.
Food prepared quickly and arrived hot.
Food portions are large and reasonably priced.
If you ask for water, you get bottled, which costs money."
This place is totally awesome as one of the best Filipino foods that I've had in a very long time the portions are fair and even sometimes huge come on by you won't be disappointed you're going to fall in love and place just like I did
I was on my way to get tacos at this little food cart area behind big lots on TV highway and 185th so I saw this honeybees Filipino Food Card I decided to give it a try and I went for the lumpia plate which had three lumpia and some Pancit it was tasty the lumpia was huge the brisket was cooked really well the Pancit was a little different than I expected it wasn't the usual Filipino style noodle to me it kind of tasted like almost like a thin spaghetti noodle mixed in with some clear noodles it had a decent flavor but it was unexpected I will definitely be back thanks for reading
"My girlfriend and I got lunch the other day. She opted to eat at Hunny Beez. I ate from a taco truck right next to it. My food was pretty good but she had me try her food and it was amazing. She got a huge pulled pork dish with mango slaw and rice for $5.00. It must have weighed 2 pounds and it was delicious. 

I can't believe they serve that quality of food at that price. I'm definitely eating here when we pass through this way again. 

My girlfriend told me that the lady who served her was very nice. She was very impressed with the service. 

I feel like they deserve all the shine of 5 stars for that pork alone but apparently they are great at service as well as quality food."
Came here to check out the new location.  There is parking available.  It is locate in an industrial area.  A small deli place where the menu is located to the right on a chalkboard.  There were about a dozen dishes.  Some to mention are fresh/Shanghai lumpia, dinaguan, Laing, Kare Kare, pork sinigang, dinakdakan, palabok, sotanghon, halo halo, and all day breakfast.  I ordered the fresh lumpia $7.65 and bangsilog $11.50 for take out.  There were also fresh pastries available for purchase....hopia, polvoron, cakes, pandisal etc.  We waited about 15-20 min before receiving our order.  The Bangus was on the small size compared to other places.   Lumpia wrapper tasted fresh.  I think this place is overpriced and won't last long in this new location.
"A nice little bakery shop in the business park off Boundary and Marine Way. 

They offer a small menu of lunch items like adobo.
 
They sell a variety of Filipino buns and pastries.

I got the Silvana cookies, meringue cookies with pistachio($13 for 6 large pieces) they were not too sweet and it was light 

The ube sponge cake had subtle flavors of ube ($2.50).  

The short bread cookies were thin, buttery and tasty for $4

I would come back to try their lunch meals"
Love love this place. It's a skittle small then what I'm used to but everything was on point. This location is a little confusing to find but we enjoyed everything inside. The polvoron is the best! The Filipino family that owns this store are amazing people they helped us and also gave discount for buying a lot!
"Interesting place didnt know what cooked hot items were on the board though u just have to know sweet bread is great mocha sponge cake was more like regular coffee or espresso cake 
i went there for the large flan but i think i bought their large egg cake instead as it was too rich and thick for me not sure"
My husband and I came here on a whim, I had never had Filipino Food and wanted to try it. The food was amazing, and the service was even better. As soon as we walked in we were welcomed and showed all the food they have available, as well as detailed explanations. Everything looked so good we ordered a sampler. They have Karaoke on Saturdays, and they invited us to sing. Honestly recommend coming, try the Pancit Noodles and Adobo Pork, which were my favorite.
"I love Filipino food, and this was fantastic. Portioned well, Southern Filipino recipes (which differ from areas like Manila), which made me want to check how it differed from Manila. I liked it. A lot. I've never gone there because I know a woman would cook for me and I'd end up dying there. It's that damn good. 

Staff is family (very usual for Filipino places), very kind, exceedingly gracious.  

Loved it, it's my go-to now when I'm in Orlando."
"OMG Delicious Filipino food! The Lechon Kawali was excellent. You can get one meat and a side for $6.99 or 2 meats for $10.99., but 1 is plenty for me. The Shanghai Lumpia was perfectly rolled and crispy. 

Everything was so fresh and delicious. The Lechon Kawali has the perfect crispness on the skin and juiciness on the fat part. They have the sauces if you ask too. 

This restaurant deserves lots of love, feels like home cooking. Obviously a small family-business. Good luck to them! 

I'll be back!"
First time here drove over an hour just to eat Filipino food. The food looks good now just waiting for the food. They have karaoke here to.
Our new go-to spot for Filipino food in the Orlando area. As our last visit to Nipa Hut in Kissimmee was disappointing as far as both food and service. This is a family owned and operated restaurant with a nice selection of freshly prepared Filipino food. It's unfortunate that Orlando doesn't have more choices for the Filipino Community to choose from when it comes to breakfast lunch or dinner but until it does this will be our go-to spot.
"I'll start with I am half Filipina and grew up around Filipino food. This was THE BEST PANCIT I've ever had. I had the pancit bihon, pork adobo and lechon. My husband had pancit and the special roast beef. Also had shanghai lumpia. We LOVED our food. I got a halo halo to go, eating it as I write this lol

Everyone is so nice and welcoming. I forgot to order rice in my excitement lol and the woman we ordered from brought some over! 


Will definitely be coming back here."
The best Filipino food in town! The owners and staff are very nice and courteous. The ambience is superbly Filipino--friendly, comfortable, home-like, its like being in the Philippines. A bonus--they have karaoke! If you haven't been to Inay's Kitchen, you're missing out on the best Pinoy restaurant in Orlando!
Quick, delicious Filipino comfort food. Had their pinakbet, pork and chicken bbq sticks, tilapia and milkfish and halo halo.  Friendly family atmosphere.
Best filipino food in florida! Very accomodating staff! Love the Atmosphere! If you're filipino and you miss the taste of authentic filipino cuisine, then this restaurant is for you. Highly Recommended!
Food is really good, the staff are very friendly and accommodating, it felt like you're in Philippines..
Husband discovered this place and it's the best Filipino restaurant we've been! Owners are super hospitable and even gave us free lumpia while we wait for our palabok to-go! Definitely coming back!
Finally a Filipino Spot in West Orlando Area. Ok, this place will serve you authentic Filipino food. A place to get you Lumpia, Halo-halo and pancit. My fave is their menudo. Always consistent with the taste. My second fave is the sisig .. dang who wouldn't love that?! Ohhhh all the chili .. they can make it really spicy for you if you want or just tell them to go easy on the chili. If you're also craving for some BBQ they got it. I heard at night theh have karaoke. So sing your heart out. Great spot to eat. Will always come here to eat my fave filipino food
Small place in strip mall. Family operated restaurant. Lumpia was yummy as well as  Pandit. But pork Adobe was too salty.
Excellent food and service. These ladies are very nice and helpful. I will be back and recommend to other people.
I saw a Facebook post about this place, I was nearby so I decided to stop by for lunch...the place itself was interesting. It kind of reminded me of like a home kitchen, the ladies were sitting at the tables making the food. It was different, not a bad different,  just interesting different....Someone, I assume was the owner greeted me, she was very nice, she showed me the dishes, explained what they were and gave reccomndations on what to get. I've never had Filipino food before, so I just literally went off of her suggestions. I got the Pancit, Lumpia and Pork Kebab. I liked the Lumpia and the Pork Kebab, they were very tasty. I was not a fan of the Pancit, it was very  bland and lacked seasoning. I had to add some soy sauce and the dipping sauce that came with the Lumpia to it in order to finish it because I was not going to dump it considering how much I paid. My meal was $12.00 and some change, which I thought was a bit steep considering the portion. You can go other places and get bigger portions for half the price, especially at lunch time. Overall my experience was ok. I will try other Filipino dishes in future but I will probably go somewhere else.
We were craving for Filipino food and this one hit the spot. The food was super yummy and really homestyle cooking. Everything was made from scratch. The portions were generous that we took home leftovers! The staff was very friendly and attentive. Coming from another state with plenty of Filipino restaurants, this little place can stand above them! Hats off to the chef!
"Great authentic Filipino food with great workers that made me feel like family
Will visit again when I come back to Florida."
Food is average and overpriced. When you go in the afternoon the food is not fresh, they heat it in the microwave which is eating like leftovers.
If you're looking for pure Filipino food that isn't infused with other cultural dishes then this is it! They have the rare Filipino dishes that only your mom, grandma, aunt, etc cook at family gatherings. My favorite is the kare-kare with shrimp paste but if you're slowly easing your way into these dishes then I would recommend pancit or adobo.
My family came up to visit and wanted to try this place out. I've heard good things about Inay's so I was excited to try their food. It was a bit of a drive coming from east orlando, but it's hard to find good Filipino food in orlando. The restaurant itself is a decent size, we were greeted when we walked in and saw what hot food they had towards the back where you can choose. If there isn't anything there that you like you can order from the menu when you sit at your table. I went with the fried tilapia with rice and a side of lumpia. My mom ordered the bangus w/rice and my aunt had the pork menudo. Our food came out surprisingly fast, less than 10 minutes and smelled great. My fish was fried fresh and the lumpia were crunchy but not over cooked. Overall it was a good experience, my family enjoyed their food and even ordered to go. If you're looking for an authentic Filipino restaurant, Inay's is a good place to try. They even have karaoke!
Fantastic! We found this place by accident when we made a delivery nearby. We had never had Philipino food before. We are hooked. Tasty great price and super friendly family that runs it.will be back
"There aren't many Filipino restaurants in central Florida, if you're looking for authentic Filipino food then this place is definitely worth checking out! Inay's Kitchen is true ""lutong bahay"". They have a great variety of food and the employees make you feel right at home, giving you a great eating experience. I would recommended trying their super juicy and moist barbecue as well as their Bicol express!"
"We decided to try out this spot on the advise of a friend and was not disappointed.  It reminds me of the plate lunch restaurants in NY. 
The have a wide variety of dishes to try.  The best thing is the price, when we go we will get four different plates to try a variety of foods.  The plate size is not huge, but excellent for the price and getting a variety of things. The staff is always friendly and takes the time to explain everything on the menu.  I love this spot"
"Great tasting Filipino food, good service, good location for me. Although, the portion servings are kinda a turn off. I mean compared to De Guzman, which you can barely close the container, here at Inays Kitchen servings were ""tipid"". Lechon kawali, they try to put in in the round container with lid with a flat price?? So they chopped it off to smaller pieces, then put in a round container, and they barely fill the whole large round container up! I mean imagine cubes of fried lechon kawali in a round container? I feel like the price is not justified. At De Guzman, for the lechon kawali alone, they charge you by pound.. oh well, overall, good food, small servings for the price. We're in America, not in Pinas.. be generous in your servings guys. Thanks. Just an honest opinion here."
Came down to Orlando to take my niece and nephew to Disney from Georgia . We are all tired from driving so we decided just to order to go  Filipino food before heading to our rental home in Davenport , Florida . We found this place through our gps it's the closest one and it's not out of the way. The food are not bad at all , it's a small portion and the price are just right .
"Mmmm, great food, friendly service and a relaxed atmosphere!

I lived in the Philippines for a 1 1/2 years a long while ago and have missed good Filipino cuisine ever since.  When I tried Inay's Kitchen I found what I have been missing all these years, the best Filipino food I have had since I left the Philippines, and I love that they have San Miguel beer as well :-)    

Next I will try their Friday night Karaoke :-)"
There aren't a lot of Filipino restaurants in the Tampa/Orlando region and I'm happy to have stepped into this one. It is a pick pick /cafeteria style set up (ALL THE WAY in the back) and then they bring the food to your table. You do have the ability to order off the side board menu and they make it for you. Lots and lots of dishes and if you don't know what to get the combo will work out perfectly.
We had a fantastic time! The kids and I wanted try something different; and we are so glad that we did. It was a very relaxed and welcoming fun atmosphere. The food was delicious! We will definitely be going back.
Nice ambiance, very accomodating stuffs, feel like home! I love the bicol express, afritada, spaghetti, bbq, lechon kawali and adobo! I hope I can visit here again. My favorite part is... they have.. videoke!! Haha!
"This is honestly a god sent! I found this place a little too late during my pregnancy (lol). For 9 months I craved Filipino food, and Vietnamese food. Anyway, this is now my go-to place and I'm glad they opened it Ocoee and not Kissimmee or Downtown Orlando.

I ordered their Sinigang, and wow it was sooooo good. I thought the broth was going to be watered down and boy was I wrong... I also ordered their Kare Kare but I'm too full to eat it now. I also ordered beef stek tagalog for my fiance and his friend. They love it! One thing I was concerned though, I did not get rice any rice with my order. I'm used to ordering chinese food and rice usually comes with an entree. I can't believe I forgot to order rice... Luckily I made enough rice earlier. LOL

The ladies behind the counter was so nice and welcoming! Mind you I ordered my food at 9PM and they did not mind me picking up my order. I was desperate. 

The restaurant looks clean and tidy and brand new... 

I can't wait to try their Halo Halo, and other entrees."
Excellent authentic filipino food. great service and nice people! I am addicted to this place!
Food is Delicious here. Authentic Filipino food. We had lumpia, kare kare, gg, adobo, bbq chicken and pork. All yummy :)
We don't have a lot of Filipino food in our community but I'm thankful for Inay's so I can get my fix whenever I want.
"I really would like this restaurant to succeed but the customer experience was weird compared to normal restaurants.  
1. The flow of the restaurant is off. You just see tables when you first enter and there wasn't a host initially to direct you what to do. If you don't want to have a host then at least put a sign up in the front to tell the customer to go to the rear of the restaurant to order your food. 
2. Normally you should receive a menu when you enter but they just showed two rows of pre made dishes to order from and some prices on a dry erase board for combos.  I really didn't know how much the bill would end up having to order this way. 
3. So I expected if I was picking out the food from the pre made selection to be able to pick it up and pay like how it's done in the cafeteria in the mall. But since we decided to eat there they just told us to sit down and they'll bring the food.  That flow is confusing because the normal flow in a restaurant would be what I mentioned before or have a menu with pictures of the food and have a waiter/waitress take your order. 
4. When we were done eating I had asked for the bill but never received it.  Again,  if you're eating at a restaurant you normally get a bill to see the charges before you pay.  Since they didn't provide a bill,  I went up to pay.  Again,  couldn't see what they were charging,  just told me the final bill.  So I paid and asked for a receipt.  Got charged for an extra item I didn't order.  The lack of transparency makes it feel like they are hurting for money. 
5. They had a tv in there playing some Filipino shows which is fine if it were located in a place and was for the customers to watch.  Which they did for some customers but afterwards just turned it around so they could just watch it.  It felt like I was in a home and was an uninvited guest.  

Not a restaurant I would want to come back and sit down and eat.  They would have to fix a lot of issues mentioned above to make it more inviting."
"Inays Kitchen was a nice surprise. It was such a warm and friendly atmosphere of people who want to share their food and see you enjoy it. 

My vegetarian husband had the vegetarian Lumpia (we called ahead for that) and vegetarian pancit. He wanted the pancit to have more punch so he put some sriracha on it

The pancit is a noodle dish. It is not a Chinese noodle dish so do not expect it to taste like Chinese noodles!

I had the pork menudo and pancit behon. I thought the pancit was delicious just as it was cooked and wished it was bigger because i would really like to have it as my whole meal.

Many years ago we had some filipino friends. The pancit brought back such great memories. Its a dish that was at every party and was brought to my house when we had a party!

We also had their Sweet Rice cupcakes which is called ""cueo"". Its not on the menu. 

And for dessert we shared the halo halo....WOW, if you have nothing else that you want there, go and try the halo halo! Its amazing and very different tasting than anything I've ever had. Next time i am not sharing my halo halo!"
Moved into the Winter Garden area from LA this last year. Glad to see an authentic Filipino restaurant close by. Chicken Inasal was delicious - especially the sauce. Two ladies that greeted me when I came in made me feel like I was with my relatives in the Philippines. Will be back to try their other dishes... And eventually some karaoke
Came here while visiting Orlando to get some Filipino food that reminded us of home & we were pleased with our visit. Family-run restaurant with an at-home type atmosphere. Came inside and we went to the back to pick which options we would like to order. Like others have said, it would be nice if there was labels on what each dish was, but the woman who called us back explained which dish was what. My brother and I recognized some of the dishes though, so we picked out favorites. We had the tilapia, pancit, chicken skewers, bicol, and dinuguan. Everything was tasty, though nothing will top mother's homemade Filipino cooking!
I love their food. Flavorful and delicious. We like the Filipino pasta. Very thin and surrounded with so many different spices and flavor. If you can go in and sit to enjoy your food. It's definitely worth it.
"Pros:
-Good meats, not dry or tough and unique seasonings
-Kabobs were very good--chicken better than pork in my opinion
-Noodles are great
-Staff was very friendly and helpful in explaining what each dish was

Cons/Suggestions:
-Hybrid between fast casual (order at the counter) and waiting on guests. Pick one and stick with it
-Labels on the food at the counter would help
-Menu is pretty confusing and needs work
-I really like being able to get meat/veggies/starch without having to order separate dishes. One of the dishes I got did have some vegetables in it, but not enough for my taste."
"So good!! I'm quite picky when it comes to Filipino food, it has to taste like home and this place does it just right. The BBQ is very saucy and flavorful, and the Bicol Express is also very yummy!

Also, the place in itself is super colorful and cute. The staff is very welcoming, giving an overall great dining experience.

I've been to De Guzman's but it just doesn't compare! Definitely will be back. :)"
Good Filipino food now in Ocoee!!! We tried this place with my mom and it's pretty good. Small place that is run by family, all sisters, bringing their traditional Filipino cuisine for all to try. I recommend the Bicol express and the bbq chicken or pork. The halo-halo for dessert was okay, but the ice kept getting stuck so maybe we should ask for more milk. They have that mom and pop feel, so don't expect a lot of greetings. The sisters are very welcoming and knowledgeable, their kids that work there seem to be more enamored with their phones. Despite that, just try this new local spot and the traditional food from my family's homeland.
Was excited for a new Filipino restaurant in town. Decided to stop by for lunch. When we first walked in we were kind of lost. You have to walk to the back of the restaurant. They have precooked cafe style food. You order your food and find a table, then they bring food to you. We ordered a adobo chicken, adobo pork and a curry chicken. The 2 entrees came with pancit and lumpia. On the menu posted on yelp photos, it showed 1 entree with rice or noodle, soup and lumpia for 6.99. That day it was 10.95. There was plenty of pancit with the entrees. The chicken adobo and pork adobo was good. The pork adobo had a lot of oil in it. Wasn't a fan of the curry chicken. I ordered a halo halo for dessert. It was delicious. I would come back here if I'm in the area but wouldn't go out of my way as there are several Filipino restaurants near me. They need to fix the menu prices on yelp vs what's at the actual restaurant.
I was so happy to find this place- Filipino restaurant close to us. They have the best Sisig ! We've been back 4 times since we found it! My co- Pinoys- go and check it out! Support our Kababayan!
"best Filipino food in Central Florida !!!

a few highlights :
Inay means 'mother' - this is a family owned restaurant run by sisters.  

* this is as close to walking into a typical Filipino home as you can get - very hospitable ; as if you are at home - literally! this also means FOOD & KARAOKE - so don't be surprised if they start busting out the Magic Karaoke 
* they also do Kamayan /Boodle Fight eating with your hands on banana leaves and google it! I'm not sure if this is reserved for special parties - I'll write a review when I do it 
* don't expect fine dining but really good homecooking just as if you are walking into your mom's (Inay's kitchen) complete with karaoke lol!!"
"Since we moved to the Orlando area we've always struggled to find the best Filipino cuisine in town. While there are ""Filipino Restaurants"" around, these places are not what I would recommend with a clear conscience. After 6 years of searching, I gave up hope. Then one night, my wife and I had this insane idea of flying to California to satisfy our Filipino food cravings. So I searched the web for plane tickets and then used Yelp to seek highly recommended Southern California Filipino Restaurants. I may have forgotten to change the default location settings because the first one that came up in my list is ""Inay's"". 

Just to give a little background, ""Inay"" is Tagalog for mother. It is also a common Tagalog expression after being freaked out by something scary (like getting stuck in the anals of Parramore with a flat tire in the middle of the night). She's also the first person that you cry out to when you are in desperate need for help. In this place, Inay is the most pleasant term that makes someone feel loved and cared for. This was evident because I saw Inay busy and in-charge of cooking the delectable Filipino dishes. S'yempre, I was like, ""Wuuut?!!! Ano ito?"". I told my wife about my new discovery. The place has rave reviews... it's late in the evening. Inay's was only 5 miles down Clarke Rd. from my couch - let's go! So off we went. Exciting di ba?! 

We got there, opened the front doors, and we were welcomed with smiling Filipino faces. So far so good. I asked silly questions about how to order food in ""turo-turo"" (point-point) style and were directed promptly by Marilou to the back of the restaurant where we met the rest of the staff and also ""Inay"".  I can tell that every single dish was made with love. Each bite will surely bring every Filipino close to home without the hassles of flying coach. My wife and I ordered the pork barbecue, pinakbet (vegetable dish), kaldereta (beef dish), pancit (y'all know thisss), and siopao (Filipino-style dumplings). 

We sincerely hope that Inay's will continue to value high-quality food choices over quantity; to put forth customer service over profits. Bigger and brighter signage at the front of the restaurant helps too. 

Keep smiling my Filipino brothers and sisters, there is HOPE. Please tell your family, friends, co-workers, and your neighbors. Let's support our own and introduce what Filipinos are about when it comes to love for food and friendships. When you are in the Central Florida area, you'd be missing out if you don't stop by Inay's."
I always order from Inay's especially for big events, at home or friends house. They're food is so good.
Best Filipino restaurant we've tried so far! They have the best Crispy Pata and Halo halo too! Will surely come back!
Great authentic Filipino foo( lutong Bahay)feel back home. The inay kitchen restaurant is my second kitchen, love the foods and all the staff there very kind. Very accommodating  people. I recommend inay kitchen to everyone. I definitely coming back again again and again.
Best Filipino restaurant in Orlando, hands down.  The sisters are fun, interactive and love taking care of the local community. You walk in, head to the back of the restaurant and choose from the hot bar or grab a table and order off the menu. The food is authentic Filipino cooking (lutong Tagalog), delicious, fresh and tastes like home.
"Tasty Filipino food at a great value, what's not to like?

Protip: you can save yourself a buck or two if you order from the food line in the back. The options are slightly different than the sit-down menu. Not a huge difference in availability and price, but just FYI."
"YUM!! If you are familiar with the Filipino lifestyle, they have put a unique twist to the comfort food that is common in a Filipino household (pandesal, spam, banana ketchup, spring rolls, etc). You can tell that the creators of this food truck wanted to share Filipino culture to the world. What's more is that the truck was re-created into a ""Jeepney"", which is a popular method of transportation in the Philippines. What an awesome idea!"
"I noticed this truck on my way to the supermarket. This was the first time they stopped in my neighborhood.  Since I am Filipino, I had to give it a try. It was awesome.  I tried the ""Not your Lola's Adobo"" bun and the Fili-Pino Cheeze (Tapa) steak fries. For those that don't speak Filipino - ""Lola"" means ""Grandma"".  The fries were super crispy. The Adobo and Tapa were very tasty.  I also tried the Mango Chipotle sauce and it was really good and spicy.
One word of caution: There is an overwhelming vinegary taste. This is great for me. I put vinegar on everything!  But if you are not used to having a lot of vinegar, I can see how it can be a bit overwhelming. 
My only suggestion would be that it would be nice if there was a rice bowl option. The fries were good, but I think the Adobo or the Tapa would be great with a bowl rice as well. (I can't help it. I'm Filipino. I love rice!! :)  )"
"Checked out @shamelessbuns at Friday's on Front in new west today!!

I tried The Little Sausage (""the best 3 inches in Vancouver"") - loganiza (sweet Filipino sausage), runny egg, sriracha Mayo, garlic chips, banana ketchup, green onion, in a pandesal & Sinigang Fries Combo $15 (also, it wasn't on the menu, but you can combo up the burger and fries for a cheaper price!)

I was so excited seeing this little jeepney selling these Filipino goodies, only because my most recent vacay was to the Philippines. LOVED the sinigang fries (mostly because I really loved having sinigang in the Philippines- it's kind of like their version of a sour/savory soup flavored with tamarind). Loganiza can never really disappoint either, so having it in the sandwich was really nice, especially with the combination they had going on. The only reason it gets a 4 is because I was hoping the pandesal would be toasted or would at least be warm but it was cold :("
Omg! Shameless buns at the tradex in Abbotsford right now! If you haven't tried them before I urge you to! Had philly cheese stake sandwich fry combo it was to die for! The fries taste like salt and vinegar chips, the meat was melt in your mouth tender, toppings perfectly proportioned to the meat, the bun is super soft and there is a crisp element that brings a hint of sweet heat.
"Stumbled on this food truck in front of my office and decided to give them a try. 

I was worries a lot of the menu would be spicy so was unsure what to try. And then the cashier offered me a sample of their fries and I was sold! 

I ordered the Adobo Fries and they came absolutely loaded with goodies. The fries were crispy and full of flavour. And the chicken was plentiful and really moist. Hard to do on a good truck I think.

Now I am stalking this truck on social media, wishing they were back downtown outside my office."
"Finally got a chance to try this food truck and it did not disappoint. A criss-cross of east-west street food cuisine and exceuted very well.

We tried their classic signature adobo fries, garnished with green onions, fresh tomatoes and fried bits, drizzled all over with mayo. It was dangerously addictice as once you start, you don't want to stop eating. The flavours blend together extremely well, fresh and rich at the same time. Make sure you get their homemade dipping sauces on the side for even more flavour. Their tangy spicy sauce is dynamite.

For an even guiltiest pleasure, you can also try the spaghetti lumpia. Seasoned spaghetti neatly packaged in a deep fried spring roll wrapping, giving it a crispy exterior but a rich yet still correctly cooked pasta on the inside. Not for the faint of heart because it is slightly greasy and definitely not keto-friendly, but it is damn delishious. Perfect hangover food. I love the fact the pasta spring roll was ginormous.

Will be back to try their sandwiches, which look amazing as well."
I had the Chicken Adobo sandwich with the fries and the experience was among the best foods that I've had in Vancouver so far. The bun was soft and the several topping on the sandwich complimented each other perfectly. There were also glorious crispy garlic chips that popped like little flavor crystals. Now, coming to the fries, these extremely crispy and the seasoning was so tangy it keeps you craving more. Wish more places had fries like these. Oh, also, the banana ketchup complimented it perfectly!
Where can I locate some more stars to slap on here?! Two of the nicest, down to earth owners that genuinely enjoy making these incredible and unique dishes. Highly recommend and can't wait to try the rest of the menu. Today was Not your 'Lola's chicken adobo and perfectly crispy Spam®Fries. Thanks Matt and Corvette for the great experience!
"Shamelessly delightful. Recently discovered these wonderful folks @shamelessbuns thanks to @sheshenee  and now I'm addicted to this Filipino food truck! They serve up fresh buns, fries, and other goodies as they roam around the city. Bonus? Cunning names for their dishes 

I've tried their Sausage Party ($16) which comes with a sexy egg, delicious with their sinigang fries! The sweet sausage contrasts so well with the tangy fries.

This time we also had their Sir Spam-a-lot ($10) sandwich which is available with fries upgrade for $5 (it was complimentary this time, thank you so much ) such a simple combination but oh so delicious!!

Fili-pino Cheeze steak fries ($16) were the least of my favorites, but still quite hearty and good with the cheese and beef. I think it was cuz the beef was thin and a little on the dry side.

Filipino Spaghetti Lumpia ($10) was a surprisingly delightful special dish (limited quantities and not always available!). Basically spaghetti and sausage in a spring roll wrap, but the crispy exterior added texture to the spaghetti. A little messy to consume but oh so worth it!

Go catch these peeps at their next location, listed on their Instagram!"
"This restaurant is what you call a diamond in the rough. My wife grew up on going to restaurants like this in the DC area and wanted to make sure that she introduced me to this cuisine.

The restaurant is located in a nice shopping plaza in Kissimmee with easy parking and easy access to the restaurant.

When we ordered, we wanted to make sure that we had a little bit of everything. The egg rolls is what we ordered as a starter, along with the sweet dumpling with the pork inside. Both were super delicious. As an entree, I ordered the pork leg and it was a huge portion. It was so huge that I had to take half of it to go. However, it was extremely good. My wife had their chicken and rice and that was delicious as well.

If you are in the area and are looking to try something new (it was definitely new to me), then you need to stop here and try it out."
If you're looking for real, authentic Filipino food, Kabayan grill is the place to go. The food is fresh and I feel like I'm at home here. I highly recommend the crispy pata and sisig. I live in Tampa and my family travels to Orlando just to eat here. They have every single Filipino favorite and the service is great. I'd come back here every week if I could. Overall, truly amazing food!!
Favorite Filipino food in the area. The food is always fresh and made to order. The service is prompt and friendly, as well as accommodating. We usually order the lechon kawali (crispy pan fried roasted pork), which is a must try! Cooked to perfection and served with lechon sauce. I love that they serve individual sizes and family sizes. Majority of their entrees are served with white rice. The restaurant itself is clean. The location is a hidden gem. We recently ordered the pinakbet, which was very tasty. The selection of vegetables they used was a crowd pleaser and were cooked perfectly. The vegetables still had a bite to them, which is something I enjoy. This restaurant really hits the spot for me when I'm craving Filipino food. Delicious authentic food, prices are good, clean atmosphere & friendly service!
This is a small homey restaurant, which we love. The owner served is. Very friendly. We ordered the chicharron bulaklak to start. It was very good but could have been a little crispier. For our mains, we ordered the kare-kare and the crispy pata. The kare-kare had too much sauce and not enough meat but the flavor was delicious! The crispy pata was AMAZING! Fell right off the bone and melted in your mouth. The skin was out-of-this-world crispy! Will definitely be back when we return to the Orlando area!
I am a tourist from Los Angeles and I tried the Lomi batanggas, crispy pata,  egg roll, leche flan, etc. It is very delicious. The 4 men, Cris, Bon, Pinoy and Jun are awesome. They have exceeded my expectations in customer service and their menu is absolutely spectacular.
Loved the Crispy Pata and Laing! I'll definitely be back when I'm back in town! Maraming salamat!!
My family is vacationing from the Midwest. And unfortunately, where we live, the city does not have a Filipino restaurant. I was so excited to have discovered this place on Yelp! The food tasted just like my mom used to make. After our main meal, my husband and I shared a halo-halo; it was both refreshing and delicious. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who is hungry for authentic Filipino dishes.
Best Pinoy restau' in Kissimmee, FL. These three Kababayans: Charmaine, Pinoy, and Bone are absolutely awesome in costumer service! Their ' Pansit Canton' I ordered reminds me of my mom's cooking in Pinas. I loved it!
The Lumpia was excellent and my Pancit Canton was delicious!  It brought back memories of Subic!
"This is the best Filipino restaurant in Florida..Everything is so good and aunthetic Filipino.The pork belly is so yummy and tender. The chicarron bulaklak is melt on you mouth crunchy tasty. The pancit is just right taste that brings back my grannys cooking in the Philippines,the dinuguanand laing is great. Overall every thing we ordered is right on the spot taste. 
 The place and people very welcoming and friendly. It is a bit small so please be willing to wait  itll be worth  it tho."
So happy we finally have a decent filipino restaurant  nearby. The place is clean, service is good, and the food is so delicious. (Ang galing pa ng mga hugot sa wall ) we will definitely come back.
Wow! This is my first time here, the place is nice and entertaining. We ordered the best authentic Laing, it is very savory and flavorful. (Forgot to take picture, Laing was gone after I remembered it) I got a  refreshing sago't gulaman for my drink which I really enjoyed it. I finished with the delightful sweet Leche Flan. I have to comeback here to taste their crispy pata, i heard it is really good.
I love this place! Food is amazing! You can call ahead to order so you don't have to wait. They make their food fresh so it might take a while.
"Chris was our very friendly help for our visit and the food was delicious. The atmosphere is casual and homey. I'm so happy We found this place! We had kwek kwek(first time! We added a little bit of salt and vinegar), Kare Kare and pancit. 
They had everything my little filipino tummy might crave. I wish I had more room!
Protip: coconut juice comes in actual coconut and their condiments are by the register. Help yourself!"
This is the best Filipino resto in Florida ! Everything we ordered was so good! the staff are so nice and very friendly. We went twice, the taste never change:).the place is just small and u have to wait but its worth it! So, whenever u are in the area.-----you should put it on ur place to go coz we are definitely coming back here! Kuddos Chris and everyone for such a wonderful service and an awesome food! So  yummy!
"It's our first time eating at this Filipino restaurant. 
The food is made to order. We waited to 20-30 mins for food but it's all worth it . Their portion is more than enough for one person and  it was delicious  that we finished each our own plate. No leftover. 
. My fav is grilled Liempo. Taste like home made and stuffed calamari was real tender. Not salty . 
The pancit bihon is just right . Plenty of Veggies & Noodles my Aunt enjoyed. 
We had dessert  Halo halo & Turon. And they were awesome!! 
The atmosphere of restaurant is fair and clean. 
The staff was real friendly . How they prepared theirfood is very important . I watched them wore gloves in preparing our food. I know we will surely be back again."
"Came here specifically for a Halo Halo to go, and they did not disappoint. 

The restaurant was easy to find within the plaza and there was ample parking. Went straight to the counter and ordered my Halo Halo.  The young lady behind the counter told me it would be 5 minutes.  I sat down at a table to pass the time and snuck peeks at the dishes on other people's tables.   The food looked amazing!   The presentation and the portions...wow!   Plus, they looked flavorful.   I also noticed that they do take out orders.   

When my Halo Halo was ready, the lady behind the counter hand delivered mine to the table.  I could feel all eyes on me, it was so pretty!   I quickly paid for my order with the gentleman behind the register and ran out with my cup of joy.  

All the ingredients were there, which is sometimes hard to come by while ordering an item that has so many ingredients.  Thanks for a positive experience, this place is truly a gem."
"I visited Orlando with family for the first time last week and naturally we went hunting for Filipino food. We are so happy to find Kabayan Grille. Here's what we ordered:

1. Crispy Pata - So crispy and tasty...perfect in every way
2. Sizzling pork sisig - Oh, so good 
3. Sizzling bangus - grilled to perfection 
4. Sizzling grilled pusit (squid) - the squid's natural juices made it seem like you were eating 2 dishes at once; grilled and adobong pusit!
5. Palabok 
6. Pinakbet - only wish this was cooked a little longer. The squash wasn't as soft as we are generally used to. 

Flavor was on-point! Even my cousin who just arrived from the Philippines a mere 3 months before truly enjoyed our meal. And how can you go wrong with the walls of pick-up lines? It kept us entertained while waiting for our food. Oh, Kabayan Grille, ASIN ka ba? Because I love you ALAT!!

The only disappointing thing I can say was that I didn't get to have a second meal there before flying back home!"
the best filipino food in Orlando so far, i have tried the other filipino restaurants here but nothing compares to them, try their grilled pampano or pinakbet, you will love it for sure!
This is my favorite Halo-Halo in town the best. The food is delicious & aunthentic Filipino recipe. Service is good real Filipino hospitality. Awesome please so please if you want to try Filipino food come & visit Kabayan Grill.
We were on vacation and ordered sinigang hoping to get a good sinigang, only with kangkong and sitaw plus the talong, but we got cabbage instead of kangkong.
Had the Sotanghon. Enormous portion and delicious. Can't wait to come back and try some other dishes. Would have gone the full 5 stars except for the dish took a little longer than I would have liked, and I was served after a group that had arrived later than I. (They could have preordered, I realize.) A refill on the sofa would also have been nice. But overall great value and quality.
"I drove from Melbourne, an hour, to try this place. Unfortunately, we got there at 8:55, near closing time- However, Chris, the waiter said, ""it's ok- it's not 9pm yet"". He insisted it was ok that we stay.- so we did. We tried the sisig, and the sizzling squid. Both were very good, but the sisig was AMAZING!! The spices (not painful type) and flavor exploded in my mouth!!! I could not believe how tasty it was. It smelled so good, too.  Chris was very nice and took care of us, and didn't try to rush us to finish eating. Great food, great hospitality! You won't be disappointed !!!!"
"We came here to satisfy my Filipino food cravings and it did not dissapoint.  Let's start with the relax  and low-key ambiance with wall writings that brings a smile to your face, followed by a really nice and accommodating server.  I ordered the fresh coconut juice that really opened my palate because it was really FRESH and CHILLED!  For food, we ordered:
Pork sisig with egg and a side of Maggi savor - A must!
Grilled Fish - Fantastic! it wasn't charcoaled which is awesome and crispy like it was fried
Pork Sinigang - Perfect! the broth was clean and refreshing. The broth was not too sour and thick like other places
Beef Steak - My picky husband finished it without offering me a bit but tasting the sauce, it was a bit sour and salty which is a perfect mix for white rice.
Siapao Asado -  My husband devoured, enough said. 
And lastly, the halo-halo!  Well I regretted getting only 1 to go cause it was so gooood.

The place has a lot of delicious items to offer that makes me wish I live nearby."
Found this place while running errands. This is some of the best Filipino food I've had. The food was delicious, staff was really friendly, and portions where exactly what you expect. I had the Sisig and Lomi. The Sisig wasn't rubbery and the Lomi hit the spot since in getting over a cold. Would deff recommend this place.
Authentic home cooked goodness.  Our favorite is the fried fish on the sizzling plate.
The sizzling sisig is the most tasty meal in this restaurant.. I love it!
I used to go to this place when it was Cid's. They've turned it into more of a restaurant type seating. It's extremely small with only about 8 tables. I've been a few times, the last time I was a little disappointed because I had my mom and dad come into town from an hour away. I talked about this place to my mom and she was excited to get some traditional Filipino food. We walked in and they had a large family literally have all the tables pushed together and no other tables for other customers to sit at. One of the people saw us standing at the door, myself, my baby , mom and dad and didn't say anything. We just left.
This place has great Filipino food. My wife had sizzling sisig which had great flavor and was served in a sizzling pan. I ordered sautéed squid which also came in a sizzling hot pan. The bihon was excellent. All dishes had fresh ingredients and bold flavor. The staff was very friendly. Definitely will stop again when I am back in Orlando. As desert my wife ordered Halo Halo which also tasted great.
My husband and I ate here 3 months ago and just forgot to post a review... here we go! We were in Orlando for the weekend and was craving Filipino food. We saw this place and decided to try it out. It was great!!! Sisig was on point and did not disappoint. Wish they would open one in JAX since our Filipino restaurants back home are not even comparable. We will be back!
"Drove from Tampa on a last minute recommendation by a friend. Well worth the hour and a half travel time!
Freshly made & yummy!"
What a hidden gem in Kissimmee! Food literally comes steaming and sizzling from the grill! Great taste and portions! We ate there last Sunday and enjoyed everything! Super friendly staff. It is a small place so seating is limited, but with food like this, I could definitely see them expanding in the future! We ordered appetizers of egg rolls and chicaron bulaklak. Entrees were sizzling pork sisig and bihon. Dessert of halo halo. We will be back!
"It's our first time eating at this Filipino restaurant. 
The food is made to order. We waited to 20-30 mins for food but it's all worth it . Their portion is more than enough for one person and  it was delicious  that we finished each our own plate. No leftover. 
. My fav is grilled Liempo. Taste like home made and stuffed calamari was real tender. Not salty . 
The pancit bihon is just right . Plenty of Veggies & Noodles my Aunt enjoyed. 
We had dessert  Halo halo & Turon. And they were awesome!! 
The atmosphere of restaurant is fair and clean. 
The staff was real friendly . How they prepared theirfood is very important . I watched them wore gloves in preparing our food. I know we will surely be back ."
5 stars is the most suitable rate for this resto. Kudos to your wonderful staff and amazing food. I'm a Filipina, i have been searching for  good Pinoy food around Tampa. I Couldnt find any until my wonderful husband whos not pinoy told me theres a fil resto in Orland. We drove almost 2 hours to check resto. They didnt disappoint us. I ordered everything I want to taste from their menu. Although, we didnt finished all of it, that was indeed a taste from my homeland. Try the Sinigang na Hipon and lechon kawali...its to die for. I didnt like the palabok. It lacks the calamansi taste of it. I love the pompano fish and everything else. It was the best yet. We will be back for more.
The place is so nice and it feels like the Philippines. The food was great for a cheap prices. Believe me you guys won't regret eating here.
Sizzling Squid is one of my favorite.. Wow! the taste was fantastic! the  crew was very friendly... Guys try this place out.
"Finally made it. This has been on my list to try for months. heard the food was legit and the person who told me, was right.

It's such a nice , clean place with very friendly people.

The food was very good, reasonably priced & generous portions.

We will DEFINITELY be back!

Took my parents when they came to visit and they loved it, too!"
First time here and a long drive just to check out this restaurant and I got to say the food was really good I can't say anything bad and Chris was so friendly and a good server. If I'm in Orlando I will definitely come back
Been here several times and can't stop coming back. The food tastes so good compared to its price. Cheap but so quality! I'm so highly recommend
"Overall review: 
Came here with the girlfriend for Filipino food. This place is basically a mom and pop place and is very authentic. Food is cooked well, not too dry, not overcooked, great food. Most customers are Filipino and it seems this place brings back most of their customers and with good reason. The owner is very friendly and welcoming. Prices are pretty good in comparison with other places that I have been and everything is well deserving of checking out. One note is that they don't offer water as a free drink as they only do bottled water for $1 a piece which I did not enjoy but otherwise great place.

Food: 4/5 
--Pork Adobo was good but I feel like I would have enjoyed the chicken more. It was flavorful and included a heaping of rice which is a great compliment with the adobo. The pansit was my favorite, noodles came with veggies and little pieces of chicken and shrimp. The bangus is a traditional Filipino dish that our friend recommended to try and it was good. Worth trying, personally I needed a little bit of fish sauce with it as it was bland but overall it was cooked well. There is almost no bones in it but be careful when eating it as I was able to pick out 1 or 2 bones. We devoured the three dishes and it left us filled and satisfied. 

Price: 4/5 
--Pork Adobo $7.95
--Bangus $13.99
--Pansit $8.95 
Total around $36 with tax and tip, filling meal for 2.

Atmosphere: 4/5
--I wouldn't say the setting of this area is anything special. It is more of a local mom and pop restaurant from the looks of it. Kind of small maybe about 8 tables max from what I remember. 

Service: 5/5
--Service was great. The manager/owner (I think) was very kind and asked us more about where we were from and thanked us for eating at the establishment. He was very friendly and that definitely made it very welcoming."
Stopped at Kabayan Grill for dinner when I was traveling through and the food and service was excellent. It taste better than the Filipino food my mom makes, just don't tell her I said that. Finished the meal with some Halo Halo.
One of the best Filipino food I've had besides home cooking. Go check them out, you won't be disappointed. Price is right for the amount of food you get. Will definitely be back when we're back in town! Mmmm Sarap!
Best Sigsig! Good prices and friendly staff. We always like to order the halo halo here too.
I have been around Kissimmee area and love to  eat lunch at Kabayan Grill. The food is authentic Filipino cuisine  with great price and serving size. I will highly  recommend this place for my kababayan  that wants a Filipino home  cook meal.  The staff is friendly and attentive  as well.
"After days of eating Disney property food, me and my daughters stumbled upon this place while exploring Orlando a few weeks back. We were not sure what we were craving but wanted something very different from what we had available at Disney. This place was a welcome treat. The area was not the greatest looking but I am so glad we stopped in. 

Lumpia, pansit bihon, liempo, pusit and chicken adobo!!!! 

The food was superb! Literally everything we had was made exactly as it should be. The lumpia were perfect neat little rolls that were delicious and crispy. The pansit was fresh and flavor packed. The liempo was mouthwatering and grilled to perfection and melted in your mouth. The pusit was stuffed with tomatoes and onions. It had the the delicious snap squid should have. It had a delicious briny and tart flavor. I dipped in the spicy sauce and that just put me over the top. The chicken adobo was cooked bone in and was excellent. Everything was very traditional and cooked just the way you'd expect. 

The inside is bright and clean. The service was fast and efficient. Overall an excellent experience. I highly recommend seeking out this place for something special. I most certainly will be back on my next visit to Orlando!"
I was introduced to this restaurant by a coworker. Their food is delicious and their staff top notch. Each dish is prepared fresh to order. I normally order takeout, and have yet to dine in - but I will continue to return to try more and more of their menu items. I would highly recommend their egg rolls, and their shrimp noodles.
Decided to see what Filipino food was like in Orlando.  This place is legit but took a long time.  There was only another table and they had been served.  Good indicator they cook to order, I guess. The lechon kawali, chicken adobo were standard.  The laing (stewed taro leaves) was too salty, inedible in fact.  The redeeming halo halo saved it from being a 3 star place.  It is inexpensive and worth a look-see for those who want a more interesting fare in Orlando besides chains and latino.
The laing is perfect. It was just the right amount of spice in it. Crispy pata was indeed crispy, though it might need a little more seasoning. Sizzling squid was also good. It wasn't rubbery. Pansit also tasted good, although it would've been better if they added more vegetables and meat. The kwek kwek satisfied our craving for Filipino street food, although the batter was bland and too thick. I think the chicken wings were over fried and I've tasted better lumpiang shanghai elsewhere. The liempo was well marinated and tasted good although it was burnt. We did not like the sisig since the meat that they used was also over fried and it was too oily. Overall, the food were ok. I had to give 4 stars since our food came out very late. We had to wait for almost 2 hours. We came in around 2:30 and most of the food on the menu were sold out and they had to close early for the day. Tip: call first for a reservation since the place is small and it might be closed early for the day.
OK last year I drove over one and a half to eat here and I did it again I was so satisfied I brought my friends to come and join me. They all enjoyed all the food it was delicious as always plus the server was so nice plus he remember me, lol. Until next time
We will be back next time when we go to disney!!! Amazing filipino favorites! Delicious!
Little Filipino restaurant in Kissimmee. Was a bit of a drive coming from east Orlando but it's the best Filipino place in central Florida compared to the others we've been to here. The waitress was super nice. My favorite was the Kare Kare and of course the wall decor
"This is a true hole in the wall find!! It's about time Orlando had a great sit down Filipino restaurant! The atmosphere inside the restaurant is very quaint and simple, with Tagalog puns on the wall and The Filipino Channel playing in the background. It is a smaller restaurant but patience is a virtue, and you will be rewarded with great tasting food.

The food is cooked to order. It is worth the wait for fresh cooked food. The chicken inasal is my favorite item on the menu. The perfectly grilled chicken is juicy and full of flavor. The pancit dishes, both bihon and canton, come with crunchy veggies and flavorful noodles."
"Amazing, authentic Filipino food. Better than what we have in NY! Great waitstaff - incredibly friendly and happy to share a story or two. 

We had pork sisig, dinuguan, bangus and pinakbet. Perfectly seasoned, not greasy (like other Filipino restaurants) and perfection portions. Menu was so good, we ordered takeout to eat more later. Would definitely recommend if you're in the Orlando area."
Yearly family trip to Florida and craving some Filipino food. Found Kabayan Grill. Located in a strip mall small dining area- about 7 tables... arrived at 1230 for lunch on a Sunday and we were able to get a table, we were super lucky. Food hit the spot!
Average wait time is 10+ minutes because food is prepared after you order. Server was very friendly and helpful. He suggested that we should get pork BBQ that comes with rice so we don't have order 3 separate rice orders. Great menu selections, goldilocks products are available too.
"We just move to this area and was in the mood for Filipino food. If you're looking for a typical Filipino turo-turo, don't go here. My experience with most of them is that the food tastes stale because in many cases, yesterday's leftovers are served again.

To my surprise, Kabayan cooks the food only when you order it. The wait was worth it. This is how Filipino food really tastes. Lots of good flavor not drowning into or oil. Even the crispy pata was really crispy and not chewy or dried out as in most Filipino restaurants. The pancit bijon tasted like it was cooked in chicken broth and not just water. You have to try the halo-halo. The servings are generous and uses shaved ice with just the right thickness.

Chris, the owner was friendly, courteous and affable as he took order. Most Filipino owners tend to be introverted and stoic until you become a regular.

It's a hole-in-the wall but it's clean. Hopefully, this pandemic goes away and business picks up. This one establishment I hope becomes successful."
The fresh buko drink is what i needed, Sarap naman! Will be back! Good service! Owner was very kind to my husband and i
"In the way of background, this reviewer has been exposed to Filipino food via family, friends, and travel for over fifty years. I love it!
We searched YELP for Filipino food while passing through the area and YELP definitely didn't disappoint.  Kabayan Grill was indeed an amazingly pleasant surprise. The Crispy Pata, Dinuguan, and Palabok were outstanding.  The restaurant itself was tidy and clean, service was prompt and efficient, and portions more than ample.  Although 50 miles and over an hour drive from home, Kabayan Grill is our new go-to place for outstanding Filipino food."
"Finally made it. This has been on my list to try for months. I heard the food was legit and the person who told me, was right.

It's such a nice , clean place with very friendly people.

The food was very good, reasonably priced & generous portions.

We will DEFINITELY be back!"
"The place is small and not many tables and chairs to occupy customers. I came here at lunch time on a Saturday and the place was busy some customers ordered to go since there's no table available. 
It is a home cooking style and very simple. If you crave for a Filipino home cooking style this might be the place for you. 

I had to send back the sautéed squid and asked to fire it up more since it looks really pale almost uncooked. Server explained that the squid can't be cook too long or it will get chewy. 
Sure thing! Squid should be cook hot and fast to avoid from being chewy and cooking it that way will infused the sauce to the meat. They did it for me and it came out perfect. Thank you! Very good customer service! 
I will be back again to venture more of their menu."
Great Filipino food. Selection is great. Delicious. Staff are friendly courteous and professional. I have come to eat in and take out.
"Hole in the wall restaurant! Authentic and tasty food which did not disappoint. 

We were seated immediately. It was a cute small restaurant that holds about 6-8 tables. The service was quick and they were able to give genuine suggestions on dishes!

We got the adobo (pork), pancit (noodles), and bangus (fried fish). These dishes were fresh and delicious. I especially liked the adobo because it was soft and chewy texture! The pancit and bangus were lacking in flavor in my opinion but otherwise tasted better with additional sauces."
We ordered Spicy Bicol express, barbecue sticks, and liempo.  All of it was perfectly prepared and the service was very friendly.  Would definitely come back.   Definitely recommend as the price is very reasonable and the experience is very authentic.
Great food and very friendly service. Probably the best filipino place you can eat in Kissimmee.
"With little choices and variety for good Filipino food (most are commercial in taste and substance and truly need more of that Filipino home cooking TLC) we finally stumbled on this place. Running last minute errands that brought us in the area had us starving hence searching and remembered I'd bookmarked this place a while back.
I like to support small business and was super happy to have finally tried this place. 
We ordered to go as we had fresh groceries and food in the car (it was a hot winter day in Orlando). 
We had grilled squid, laing (taro leaves stewed in coconut milk), pancit canton (similar to your pork shrimp and chicken chow mein with egg noodles), pinakbet (sautéed vegetables - squash, string beans, okra, bitter melon- with shrimp paste and pork pieces). All items hitting closest to home in flavor! 
Hope this place continues to thrive because from our experience we truly felt the TLC in the cooking here!"
This place is a must try, if you are in the area of Kissimmee Orlando. They have plenty of options of Filipino cuisine freshly prepared and serve. Cris and the crew at the kitchen makes sure you will have a Great experience. Great service and highly recommended.
Chaos when we walked in, all tables were taken, no greetings for a good 5+ minutes as the female server walked past us numerous times.  We were at the front of the line inside  the front door a little before noon on a Sunday.  Slowly and steadily the line began to grow behind us.  Eventually a guy came out from the kitchen and wrote down our name to wait to be seated.  As we sat and ate the line continued to grow inside the shop, more chaos as to who was dining in, ordering take out or picking up orders for takeout.  The food was good but unfortunately the service, or lack of, will keep us from returning.  Fortunately, we have Inay's in the Orlando area that is owned and operated by sisters.  The food and service at Inay's is always on point at their restaurant so no need to drive all the way to Kissimmee in the future.
This is the best Filipino restaurant I've been to  in the US. It compares so closely to home, both home cooked by your Filipino mom and Titas back home in the Philippines. Be patient when the service is slow, everything is made per order to perfection. Highly recommend if you're in the area!
"My fam and I went out of town last weekend for a little bit, and on the way home, decided to eat out. I hopped on Google and found Kabayan Grill, and I'm happy I did. Our server, Chris was wonderful, and the food was great! If you like a homely, cozy ambience, this is the place for you. Suffice to say, we were pleasantly surprised to find such a nice place to dine in. 
Salamat, Kabayan Grill! Hope to visit again soon!"
Came across this restaurant when I was hunting for what to eat for dinner. Ordered grilled squid (pusit) and bbq for takeout. Ended up picking up sylvana to share with friends as well. Grilled squid and bbq were  my friends ended up raving how delicious the sylvana cookies were and asking where I got them from. Would definitely order here again to try other dishes!
The best Filipino food in Florida.  Love the home made tocilog.   My wife had crispy pata with mixed vegetables which was outstanding. Highly recommend for home cooked Filipino food.
Friendly service and good food. I gave 4 stars because I was a little hot, which I'm assuming there is no AC. I've had many pork sisig dishes, and Kabayan's is in the top 2. My family enjoyed the food as well, and they are usually pretty critical.
Came here for an early dinner! We were the only ones dining in, but many people coming in for takeout. Decor is simple, but strangely reminded me of eating back in the PI. Fruit juices are canned, but my kids loved the mango juice. Absolutely love that they offer coconut water right out of a young coconut! Ordered the lumpia shanghai and chicharon bulaklak for an appetizer, then pork bbq and crispy pata. *chefs kisses* on all the food! Great flavor and not overly fried or greasey. The owner was very friendly and welcoming. Will definitely come back to try other menu items!
I've been wanting to go to this place for a long time and it did not disappoint. Most delicious and authentic Filipino food you will find in the Orlando area.
Been to many Filipino restaurants but this one tops them all thus far. If you are ever in the area, do yourself a favor and try them out! Highly recommend the crispy pata!
Ok y'all so I had some Filipino friends that had recommended me this mom and pop hole in the wall restaurant and boy am I glad I listened to them.  So this spot is a little bit  ways from me located in Kissimmee which I had took me around 40 mins to get there.  It's hidden in a shopping plaza and if I didn't have my GPS on I would have probably driven past it.  The location itself is small with a few tables inside the restaurant for patrons to dine in. Automatically walking in I had a huge welcome from the man at the counter.  He was very personable and really made you feel like you were at home.  From just observing my surroundings I could tell that this is a local favorite as more patrons were coming in to dine in or take out.  The phone lines were continuously ringing with orders being placed for pick up.  Which had really excited me for my meal to come. So for my drink I had to get my favorite which is the sago't gulaman which is a traditional Filipino drink, which to me taste like bananas which I LOVE... don't think it has bananas in it but you guys know what I'm getting at.  For my entree I chose the pusit which is squid stuffed with fresh tomatoes and onions, the traditional sizzling pork sisig, and a side of garlic rice.  Let's start with the pusit, it was visually very pleasing and was a great portion for the price. The squid was nicely cooked with a grilled char taste to it and it was paired with a side of soy vinegar sauce.  This dish to me was good but wasn't my favorite, I felt like the squid itself might needed some extra seasoning but the vinegar sauce did help.  The garlic rice was delicious and last but certainly not least the sizzling pork sissig was out of this world.  That was probably the best sissig I have ever had.. it was served on a sizzling plate with an egg on top. The dish had texture, the dish had flavor, the dish was honestly everything I could ever dream of and I would definitely come back specifically for it... and for around $11 bucks for that dish you cannot beat it.  Overall I have to say that I really enjoyed my meal and would definitely recommend this quaint little gem for anyone in the mood for some good Filipino cuisine.
"Found this place on yelp and so glad we came here. Let's start with portion size. We did the shareable option with 3 cups of rice. Get ready to unbuckle your pants and wear spanx. We order sizzling sisig, lechón kawali, and squid. My friends wanted me to taste an authentic Filipino spot.. half way through I was stuffed! For the amount of food you get it's definitely worth it ! If I ever come back to Kissimmee I'm definitely coming here again. 
It's a family atmosphere. You feel welcomed. The person which I assumed was the owner came to check on us and took our picture!"
Crispy Pata was amazing and cooked to perfection. Overall the food quality and yummy-ness was top notch. The price was very reasonable and affordable. Friendly staff and service was also excellent.
"A small restaurant with a lot of heart it's a family owned business that serves up some delicious authentic Filipino food. Upon stepping into the establishment I was immediately hit with a wave of nostalgia. Almost as if I was in the Philippines instead of Florida. The place features simple decor and seating with a TV set to play filipino variety shows. Plus there's an amazing wall decorated with some hilarious Filipino puns. 
Service is very homey, it is a mom and pop shop after all. 
There's a variety of food choices and not just the standard commercial stuff. Adobo, lumpia, sisig, diniguan, buko pandan, you name it! And everything tastes great! I would be hard pressed to say it's the best Filipino food I've ever tasted, nothing beats mom's cooking, but this is definitely a great place to go if you've got a craving or in my case, missing the motherland just a tiny bit."
"Another amazing experience! Tried this place 5 months ago on vacation and I couldn't imagine not stopping here when I'm in town. We drove 30 minutes out of the way to indulge in Filipino food done right. We got here before the rush, thank god! 

Today we had the crispy Pata, Pansit bihon, and lumpia. Yum, yum, yum!!! Omg the crispy Pata (pork shank) was excellent!!! The meat was tender and moist, the skin was crispy and salty.  The soy vinegar dip was spot on for flavor. So glad we made this our first stop before checking in at our hotel... priorities people 

Love this place!"
I Read Yelp reviews and decided to give this restaurant a try. The food and portions were perfect. Appetizers were a steamed ball stuffed with shredded pork and pork egg rolls. Yum! I had mango juice to drink. Refreshing and rich. I had marinated pork belly and my husband had white noodles with chicken and shrimp. Both were excellent. Chri was very nice and made some recommendations. This is a pearl and we will return.
"This was a tiny little place we visited on a Florida trip. Filipino food isn't easy to come by but I have appreciated the contrasting flavors of the cuisine ever since I tried it years ago. 
One of my favorites is ""Bicol express"" a spicy pork dish made sweet with coconut milk. The dish tasted great here. We had no complaints about any of the 6-7 dishes we ordered and the service was polite/friendly. 

Will return, whenever we are back in Florida."
The best Filipino restaurant in central Florida!!  The staff are very friendly, the quality of the food is tasty, consistent and high quality. They truly do their best to make every meal delicious. We truly appreciate your effort in making a great experience for customers every single time. Quality food over 'popularity'. We went to Nipa Hut only because we were craving food and you were closed. I've heard of Nipa Hut due to its popularity; my mom went there before and didn't recommend it at all but we still insisted in going because we were craving for Filipino food. We took her to Kabayan before and she fell in love with it. I hate to compare and place Nipa Hut but after that experience, I really felt like I needed to make a personal effort in making a review for Kabayan. Kabayan, you make our taste buds feel like at home and we are very thankful of you all!
Last night in Florida and we decided to drive to this Filipino restaurant since the review was high in Yelp. We were not disappointed indeed! The server, Chris was very accommodating and welcomed us in even if they were closing. Their sisig was very delicious and also their lomi was sumptuously prepared, ang sarap. Definitely recommend this place to Filipinos in Orlando, Florida.
We were visits Orlando and were craving Filipino food.  We found this restaurant close to our hotel and stopped in.  The atmosphere was friendly.  Service was excellent. Food was delicious.  We ordered almost everything on the menu.  We plan to go back during our next visit!
"Stunning in appearance, mediocre at best and overrated at least in taste.

An overview:

Bonifacio is a restaurant that boasts modern Filipino food. I cannot speak much to it's authenticity, but the restaurant does seem to be modern - from its aesthetics to its menu. Expect dishes that feature a cooked protein with a rice side and some pickled vegetables, as well as interesting combinations and plays off of other cuisine (e.g. a chicken and waffle variation is available for brunch). Pricing is modest but not cheap - expect to pay at least $15 for brunch and $20+ for dinner.

The highlights:

1. The aesthetics of the restaurant are very nice. The space is small but feels roomy and is visually appealing. The dishes, as well, are eye candy and are certainly instagram worthy.

2. On each table, guests are provided with a homemade vinegar dipping sauce. This was likely the highlight of my dining experience - the vinegar looks strong but is actually quite mellow, bringing an excellent balance between sweetness, acidity, and the slightest touch of spice.

3. The service was excellent - though our reservation was for 12:30 and though a few of our friends were almost half an hour late, our waiter was kind and patient with us and our food arrived quite promptly.

The lowlights:

1. The food is disappointing. I don't have much experience with Filipino food, but from the two times that I've been here, my sense is that the delicate and beautiful appearance of the food is not at all matched with the taste and texture, which, in general, gave a sense of sloppiness. I've had the chance to try quite a few dishes - here's a rundown: 

(a) The Tocino, a traditionally pork shoulder dish that's been transformed to pork belly here, was much too sweet; even with the added acidity of the vinegar, the sugar is overwhelming here. 

(b) I had the Bistek, which is supposed to be thinly sliced, but there were quite a few blatantly not-thin slices - I had a piece that was half an inch in thickness and about 3 inches in diameter that was clearly grazed by a knife in a few places; in the center of this piece was a large tendon that made for some fun chewing experiences. The cuts of both the Tocino and Bistek seem to lack care. 

(c) The potatoes in the corned beef hash were quite overcooked; the dish was basically mashed potatoes with small bits of beef.

(d) The garlic fried rice was unbelievably bland and had a cheap rice texture. Switching to a more aromatic rice, e.g. jasmine, and adding a touch of salt and maybe scallions would drastically improve this part of the dish. 

2. The placement and directionality of the bathroom door is really poor. You'll understand if you go.

The verdict:

If you're looking for a clean and elegant restaurant that serves aesthetic dishes, check out Bonafacio. If you're looking to have genuinely delicious food, look elsewhere."
"Only been here once, mid-afternoon for late lunch/early dinner.

The server was funny, friendly, and geuninely knowledgable about the food.

The presentation and plating were fantastic.

I'm eating a vegan diet and they were happy to accommodate both me and my meat-eating companion.

The java fried rice is fantastic and their fried tofu is super-crispy (like 'fried-chicken crispy') and is some of the best I've had anywhere.

The house cocktails list looks really tasty and creative.  

Will definitely be coming back here often."
Wow...this place is awesome! The staff and owners are wonderful, and the food is authentic and amazing. The owner even showed me HOW to eat my fish the authentic way. Stop in for great food and the boozy boba!
Glad we made it to brunch! Great choices and everything was delicious. Of our party of 4 we had the Bonifacio Silog=yum! Guava French toast and chicken 'n waffles=double yum!!! Bubble tea and cocktails and crazy dessert of ube ice cream with fruity pebbles rounded out a great meal.
Enjoyed lunch there today with my family - awesome experience.  We had an incredible server that walked us through the menu with super recommendations.  She made the experience over the top!
"Found this gem while visiting our daughter at OSU. The chicken and waffles were a hit with our 14 year old. The guava stuffed French toast made our grad student ooh & ah and proclaim she's make her boyfriend bring her back

I am gluten free and enjoyed the hash skillet with pork brunch. My husband enjoyed the Tocino."
"Excellent food, coupled with the fact that the owners of this joint took a chance and decided to open a Filipino restaurant of all the choices, is why this place deserves the five stars! I happened to stroll in on their soft opening night, thus their menu wasn't showing quite everything that they were planning to offer. 

I've heard good things about their Chicken Adobe, so I went with it. The sauce based glaze on the chicken thigh and leg did not kill the taste. Not sure what's in that marinade. My tastebuds said soy, some sugary substance, and perhaps some spices? Whatever it is, its golden! Not to mention, the dark meat was full of juice and tender as all get out.

I couldn't leave without getting a taste of something sweet. I tried their Turon dish: caramelized banana and jackfruit rolled in egg roll fashion, with a caramel dipping sauce; the dish is three small rolls. I thought the roll might be too sweet/rich for me, but I was proven wrong. I ate one, took what was left home to share. 

Great attentive service from the waitress. And the prices were reasonable. This joint is tucked away from the main hustle and bustle of Grandview Ave, which I think is a plus. A nice casual evening with good company."
Although I am fortunate to not be new to filipino food, it is still not a cuisine I have had often. I have been to Bonifacio twice and enjoyed my visit both times. The most recent time was for brunch. I had the bisteck silog. It came with a delicious arroz caldo (warm rice porridge) then nicely seasoned steak and garlic rice with an egg on top. Do not forget to use the house made vinegar sauce  on the table!
"+ Drinks were delicious especially the Kamayan Old Fashioned and Pineapple Mojito. 
+ Asado Siobao with pork belly was very good. Best part of the meal

- Almost unbearably hot inside. They said it was an old building and the a/c did not work well. Was sweating during the entire meal. 
- Fried chicken/spaghetti and the Escabeche were fairly average. Escabeche was almost more breading than fish.
- Their online reservation system is broken. Tried to book a future reservation and it kept saying it could not book something in the past.

Overall, the drinks are tasty and the Asado Siobao was especially good but not much else helps overcome its flaws."
Delicious!  Had the guava mimosa and the platter with3 meats.  Hubby and I both loved it!
"Im guessing Grandview has a lot of hole in the wall type restaurants cuz this is one of those.

We came in here, party of 4, on a Sunday morning just past 10:30 and they weren't busy at all. Love the service! We had Caryl? Or it Carol? Anyway, she was so sweet and she smiled a lot!

My sisters and friend all ordered calamansi juice which was phenomenal! I made an awful mistake an ordered their coffee, which is why I gave them 4 stars. It tasted like true garbage. Like I squeezed my face each time I drank it because I felt so bad that I didn't like it and Caryl was just so nice! She kept asking if I wanted more and I smiled every time saying no. I couldn't even drink half of the thing.

We all ordered different dishes. I got chicken adobo, my sister got longanisa, my older sister got bangus fish, and our friend got tocino. The tocino was flavored well! It had fatty parts to it, and while Filipinos like that, Americans don't lol My adobo was alright. Doesn't taste like how my mom makes it though.

Also, the price is kinda high but I guess you could argue that it's reasonable. We all got sinulog? Sorry, I don't know Tagalog very well. But along with the meat, it came with arroz caldo, garlic rice, a fried egg, and cucumbers with tomato to cleanse your palate. The garlic rice was kinda hard...like it had been cooked a while ago and sitting out. Ummmmmm. 

Anyway, their dessert menu looked good. I'd also like to try the ube waffles and chicken. I'd come back here again and make sure I get the calamansi juice."
I had been wanting to check out Bonifacio since it opened, so we finally went one night.  We shared a few appetizers and had a glass of wine each, deciding we would try the larger portions another day.  What we ordered was really quite tasty and nicely presented.  I wouldn't say that it was so great that it knocked my socks off, but it was very good.  The atmosphere was casual, and the server was extremely nice.  The outside of the restaurant looks as if might have been a Hardee's or something of the sort at one time, but the inside looks much nicer.  In general, it's a good restaurant and I plan to go back.
"Not bad, but it didn't blow me away.  We went with some friends and tried a new restaurant the best way I know how--we got a ton of stuff and shared it.  We had several appetizers that were kind of hit and miss, but were decent overall.  The spring rolls and the french fries covered in pork and garlic and ginger were both delicious.  The fried pork belly covered in cracklin was bland and underwhelming. The chicken skewers were pretty decent. The tuna was just okay.  We had one or two more that didn't stand out and I don't even recall what they were.  We also split a couple of entrees.  Both were somewhat forgettable.  Prices were good at about ten dollars an entree, but it didn't seem like that much food, and I think I still would have been hungry if we had just each ordered an entree instead of splitting several dishes.

The drink list sounds fantastic and they look very pretty, but they are somewhat underwhelming.  The two drinks I tried were both fairly bland and my friends thought the same about theirs.  It's too bad because if I spend over ten bucks on a drink, I expect it to be delicious.  This is the unusual place where your cocktail might cost more than your entree, and while the food was fairly enjoyable, the drinks really were not.

Our server was friendly and attentive, one of the better servers I've had.  The space is fairly nice.  This is originally a Tim Horton's, although it has had a variety of Thai restaurants in it more recently.  They've prettied it up as much as one can possibly do with an old Tim Horton's and it feels pretty nice.

Bonifacio is new and it's hard to judge any place based on how it is a few weeks into operation.  I'd go back and try it again, and I definitely liked some things I had.  But overall, it didn't live up to the hype."
Excellent Crispy Pata Kare-kare and fried Bok Choy.  Flan to top it off!  They did not disappoint.
The food looks prettier than it tastes. The dishes were served too simple, a bed of rice with an egg on top and chicken on the side is not an appropriate way to serve a meal and an establishment that considers itself as gourmet as it does. The actual taste of the food is above average however and the service is good. Beware of the drinks they seem more appealing than they really are on the menu and are very small
I was in Columbus for business in December for 4 days. I ate there 3 out of the four days. I couldn't get enough! I tried everything . This is a very special place that makes very fresh, wonderful and new flavors. I will be back !
This was seriously one of best meal experiences in Columbus. The service was so unbelievably good. We went to celebrate my husband's birthday. Our server was so friendly and perfectly attentive. The food was really great. Our party of 4 sampled a few things on the small plates & appetizer menu: fried chicken skins, adobong mani (fried garlic peanuts), fried chicken & gravy, sisig tacos, kare kare fries, and sizzling bistek, along with garlic rice. One member of our group went with the tociburger. We absolutely loved the bold flavors and combinations we've never experienced before. I'm telling you - the fried chicken and gravy is some of the best fried chicken I've had in Columbus (I'm definitely a connoisseur!). The unexpected hit were the kare kare fries. This was like poutine on steroids! We finished the meal with halo halo to share and it was such an interesting combination that tasted amazing. We stopped trying to figure out all of the different things in there and just enjoyed the light, refreshing treat. 10/10 will go again!
Came for my partner's birthday a few months ago, and still haven't stopped talking about this meal. We're going back soon, and already planning what to try this time.  Had calamansi juice with our meal, and it was a great pairing.
I've had bonifacio a couple times. For some reason when I go to brunch (sat and sun only), I get really great food. I usually get the ube chicken and waffles which is always good. Their guava and mango juices are pretty good also. I've also been to their Thursday special where you eat with your hands but the last time I went, we ordered fried chicken and it came out raw. I asked the waiter if we could get another one and they brought one out that looked cooked but was cold to the touch when we cut into it. I think I would probably stick to brunch.
Went for Boodle Night (every Thursday) and it was amazing !! Food was absolutely fantastic and loved the uniqueness of eating with our hands off a banana leaf....we will definitely be back!
"Okay so let me first start off by saying I enjoyed my meal because it was delicious, fun, and affordable! 

I'm from Los Angeles and Filipino style restaurants are a dime a dozen. Bonifacio blew me away with how much they explore traditional Filipino dishes and introduce the culture in a very non intimidating way. I was lucky g enough to visit them during ""boodle"" night or ""Kamayan"" style. It's weird to eat with your hands at first but once you dive in and taste the food, it's game over!!"
Came here for dinner and was honestly not that impressed. The decor is great and they've done a great job modernizing what used to be a very bare bones restaurant (located inside an old Tim Horton's). That said, although the plating of the dishes was great and made everything seem delicious when peeking over at other tables, I was left a bit underwhelmed. Nothing tasted bad but nothing blew me away either. I used to love the old Thai restaurant that occupied this space and after visiting Bonifacio, I couldn't help but feel sad that it's now gone. Perhaps I'll give them another shot but I'm not running back there for my next meal out.
"As a former resident of Cincinnati, it is always a surprise to find a Filipino restaurant that will stay open past a few months. In my area I saw 4 Filipino restaurants go in half a year.

When moving to Columbus, I focused on the diversity of the area and wanted to open my eyes to new restaurants and eateries. My sister had informed me of a new Filipino Restaurant that opened up and I had to try it out.

First meal I ever ordered was the Sizzling Sisig off the Small plates menu with a side of white rice, I can happily say it tasted like my mom's homemade meals when I was younger. The presentation of the dish is served on a hot pan with an egg which cooks whilst being served to you on that pan. The title of the dish being a ""sizzling"" item does not disappoint. And of course rice is almost a necessity with every Filipino meal you order regardless of where you go, just so it may enhance the flavor of the dish.

I always recommend coming during Dinner service because there are more options on the menu. However, as someone who has had just about every dish off each menu and coming by almost every week for the past year, I will say everything about this place is 10/10.

The service and staff will help to accommodate the needs of their customers and employees, the environment is a fun & friendly area (even the bar counter is kid friendly/no age limit), and the food is amazing and I can not express that enough."
"This restaurant is great, i felt very comfortable eating here for lunch.  

The inside is very clean and all the utensils was also clean.  

I order the barkada drink, was refreshing and served in a coconut... lol 

Customer service was very professional.   Five star quality."
"This was my first time going to a Filipino restaurant and it did not disappoint!  It is modernized Filipino cuisine in a clean, contemporary environment.  We came for brunch.

My brother and I ordered their spin on chicken and waffles: Ube (purple yam) waffles drizzled with a coconut caramel syrup and fried chicken (drum and thigh!) with adobo gravy.  The syrup is just the right amount of sweetness to go with those hearty waffles and the gravy had a great depth of flavor that paired perfectly with that tender, crispy chicken.  I was a little skeptical about having chicken and waffles with something besides maple syrup, but this turned out to be the best chicken and waffles I've ever had.

I also tried my friend's arroz caldo (a Filipino congee or rice porridge made with chicken and rice) topped with fried garlic - it was really tasty! She also ordered the whole milkfish.  I liked the crispy skin and the tangy vinegar flavor, but I found it to be slightly fishy.  

Our waiter was friendly and prompt with service.  I would definitely love to come back for more of those chicken and waffles!"
"One of a kind restaurant with reasonably priced modern Filipino cuisine! We dined in for ""boodle night"" which featured dishes a la carte that is served to your table. You then eat these dishes with your hands off of palm leaves placed on the table! Although I would have enjoyed just using a fork, it made for a unique and interesting experience. The food as great as well as the service. I wish the restaurant space was bigger, it did feel a little cramped. But overall the food was great and reasonably priced, definitely coming back!"
The food is a little pricey but it was fun trying something new. It was my first time having Filipino food and the egg was definitely something I never had before (there's a baby chick in it).
"Bonifacio has good stuff. We really enjoyed it right after it opened. But lately it seems like it's been on the back burner- the sign on the road has said ""new menu drops June 5"" for four months since June. Do the owners really care? Makes you wonder what else has sat unattended to since June."
We went here with my family about a month ago and was so excited to try this place because I hadn't had Filipino food in so long. We were the only ones in the resturant at the time that we went which was 11AM on a Saturday. It look like it used to be a Tim Hortons and they converted it to a regular restaurant. The decors were pretty cute (kind of a Hawaiian theme). The people that worked there were nice and service was quick. The boba tea was okay (felt like I could have made it at home) but the food was great. I came with 16 people and we basically order everything on the brunch menu. The meat was cooked perfectly and the portion was very filling. I order the ube waffle and chicken and was so excited to try it because I love ube and who doesn't like chicken. The chicken was so delicious but I was so dissappointed on my Ube waffles because it was very dry tasting. I only took a little bit off of it and toss the rest. This is actually the reason why I gave them a 4 Stars. Well that plus the boba tea. Otherwise than that the place was modern and clean and everything else was good. I will go back but just won't order the ube waffles again
"What I ordered: 
-Asado Siobao 
-Kinilaw
-Fried Chicken and Filipino Spaghetti 

What I would get again: 
-Asado Siobao 

I was most impressed with Asado Siobao, with the marinade and texture of pork belly really speaking to me. Kinilaw had a summer flavor with pickled onion and chili pepper especially standing out. I would definitely come back to try the weekend brunch menu that seems to be similar to what they served at Red Velvet Cafe (Longanisa and Arroz Caldo, I would love to re-experience)."
This place is a hidden gem! It's an authentic filipino spot located in the Grandview/Olentangy neighborhood of Columbus. We went for brunch and would come again. All the entrees we tried were unique and flavorful. Can't wait to try the dinner options in the near future!
"I don't usually write second reviews on Yelp, but thought I should share how amazing it was to come here for lunch!

I came a little past 11 on a Tuesday and they were not busy quite yet. The space is small, but there were only two others. As we sat, more groups came in for lunch. Food doesn't take long to come out.

I had been here before for breakfast and wasn't really impressed but my friend loved it when she came on a Thursday night and they had a spread of dishes to try and a huge pig that they roasted.

The lunch stuff is just bowls. All under $10 and healthy! I got chicken inasal, which is one of my favorite Filipino dishes. I was in between that and chicken adobo, but our server told us that it's his favorite and that it's the closest item to being authentic. Sold! 

It was delicious. It was cut up and placed on some rice, and an over easy egg with a nice salad on the side, and cut up cucumber and tomato to cleanse your palette. There was a sauce for it as well. It was a bit salty though.

One friend had the same thing as me but added the lumpia. She said it could've been more flavorful. She said she liked the one at Kuya Ian's more. I didn't try hers so I can't give an opinion on it.

My other friend got steak. Hers came with no sauces, but she found the meat to be a bit salty. I thought it was really good though.

If you follow them on Instagram, you get free carioca, which is fried rice flour and coconut. It had the same texture of the rice cakes my mom used to make. It was drizzled with caramel and ube sauce. So yum!!

The dessert menu wasn't out on the table during the lunch hour so be sure to ask for it! They dessert is the best!

We also got ube ice cream sandwiches. For 3 of them, it's $10. Yummy! The sandwich itself had a nice sweet crunch and they sprinkled fruit loop flavored flakes all over it. Wow! So good.

Service was fantastic! The guy knew his stuff from the menu and gave some great recommendations.

I'm willing to come back again on a Sunday or Thursday evening for their big roast! They seem to do lots of events. 

The parking lot is small, but I've never had trouble finding a spot. But Grandview has tons of parallel for free nearby so no worries!"
Love this cute little place. The food is always so good. The drinks are a little pricey but nothing beats their adobo chicken and pork buns (appetizer). Me and my friends frequent this place and we always have a good time here. Service is always really good as well.
"An amazing experience when I stopped by. The owner got word that we're from Toronto and came by to talk with us about the economy and how it's changed since she's also lived there so that was an interesting conversation. After ordering, she came by with complimentary bico and not only was it such a sweet gesture, but it was so delicious!

Honestly the food and drinks were amazing and we were shocked to see a lot of the patrons were not Filipino! That was refreshing to see since back in Toronto, most customers are Filipino or Asian at most.

We ordered the kalamansi bubbletea, the ooh bae alcoholic beverage (soooo good!), the kamayan dinner - rice, lumpiang shanghai, chicken (delicious) and the ube ice cream in a deep-fried bao case with cereal garnish.

We left so full and enriched with a new sense of appreciation that other cultures also enjoyed the food, the atmosphere and the non-traditional method of eating their food. I would honestly come to Columbus for this food again and definitely recommend it 100%.

Also a very big shout out and thanks to Lita!  You were an amazing host, and we loved hearing your story. You are an inspiration to young female entrepreneurs wanting to start their own businesses. Thank you!"
"After moving to Columbus, trying a meal at Bonifacio was at the top of my list. The food did not disappoint! My boyfriend and I shared a Boodle Feast and it was such a fun experience at an ideal price point.

The pick-up process was so easy! We drove up to the takeout window and the food wasn't quite ready, so we waited in the parking lot and an employee brought the food right to our car a few minutes later.

The set up of the food was SO fun. They provided some instructions on how to lay out the banana leaves and their recommended way to lay out all of the food. Once everything was set up, it was time to feast! Everything was delicious, but the stand outs for me were definitely the Chicken Inasal and the crispy tofu. The pork belly was also incredible and the bok choy was cooked perfectly. The food definitely felt authentic to the flavors that I grew up with and that was the best part of the experience for me. I will definitely order from them again!"
"So I finally got to come back when the restaurant officially opened last Saturday. 

Since it was Sunday, I was prepared to get brunch. Their menu was simple but still true to its roots. I went with the fried chicken and ube (sweet purple yam) waffles. All the flavors were pretty well balanced and the portions were good. Not too much, not too little. It seems a little pricey but you get what you pay for here. It might help to try and call ahead to make a reservation just in case because it was pretty busy when me and my 6 friends arrived (ended up taking the bar). But even then, the food came out all together and pretty fast!

Unfortunately, didn't get to try their mango mimosa today because they have their liquor license but it's not valid for Sundays yet!

I've said it once, and I'll say it again. The authenticity of this place is real. I'm glad to finally have a location where I can find my culture and celebrate it with other people. 

Cheers, Mabuhay, feel free to message me with any questions about Filipino culture. I'd be glad to talk to about it, ha!"
"I happened to go to Bonifacio on a Thursday, which is the day when the food is served on large banana leaves and you are encouraged to eat with your hands. It was like being a kid again while also being immersed in a different culture. Sanitizing wipes are provided. 

I ordered the Chicken Inasal with vegetable spring rolls. They combined my food with my boyfriend's, since we were sitting across from each other. It made things easier to organize. The chicken was well seasoned and tender. The spring rolls were super hot, but delicious, especially when dipped in the sauce. I had such a great experience that I went back about a week later and ordered the same thing. The portions aren't too big for what you're paying, but I was okay with it since it was a new cuisine to try. 

Highly recommend going with a group of friends! It's a small, modern place with a good music selection."
I don't give very many 5 stars, but this place is really fantastic. The service was excellent and the food was fantastic. My first time having Filipino food and I'll definitely be back!
"So happy to find a Filipino restaurant here in Columbus! Came here optimistic for brunch and left feeling impressed with the food. I ordered the tocino and the boyfriend got the sisig hash skillet. We also shared an order of the guava stuffed french toast. We probably didn't need to order the french toast but we couldn't resist.

Food was really good, especially my tocino. It was savory and a little sweet. I also loved the garlic rice and sunny side up egg on top. 

Can't wait to come back and try their dinner menu one day!"
"Bonifacio has some of the best food in Columbus. I've actually only gotten it as takeout during the pandemic, but it's quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in the city. 

The food is always flawless, delicious, and amazing. Everything is fresh and the flavors are unique and crave worthy. Also they have online ordering, a very affordable and filling menu, PLUS a pick up window to make takeout easy and stress free. Love it dearly.

I have a hard time ordering anything but the chicken pyanggang and veggie lumpia, but the pork and tofu dishes are also delicious."
We intentionally went on Thursday for Boodle night and it didn't turn us down at all. I'm still in love with the sausauge and chicken adobo. The ribs was really jucy and tender. Only lechon was a little bit different from what I had in the Philippines. Awesome service and friendly staff. Would definitely go back to try another menu.
"I finally got the chance to come check this place out, and it did not disappoint. They have an excellent menu (we were there for brunch on a Saturday) with lots of delicious sounding options. I had the tokwa, which is tofu, which was cooked so well (and I feel like tofu is easy to mess up). It also came with garlic rice and a fried egg, YUM, and two sauces - one was more of a sweet chili and the other was their spiced vinegar. Both were delicious. The side of arroz caldo was not something I had ever had before, but it was also really good. My dining partner had the veggie sisic hash skillet, which was also really good and came with the side of arroz caldo. 

Our waiter was efficient and the food came out pretty quickly, which was also nice. They have a bar as well, and it would be interesting to come try it for dinner. Overall, I was really happy I finally tried Bonifacio!"
I have wanted to come here for a while and I was not disappointed. I loved the food which was very authentic. The service was really good too which matter a lot. There are a lot of options for people and I defintely want to come back and try other things on the menu!!
"Bonifacio was recommended to me months ago, and I finally got around to stopping by. They have an easy online ordering option. I ordered my meal and picked it up on the way home from work. 

They have a convenient drive-thru for call in or online orders to grab and go. I was able to get my order and be on my way without leaving my car. I tried the adobo ribs and carioca. The ribs had so much flavor and fell off the bone. The garlic rice was different and was a pleasant surprise to the rice I am used to. The salad was a bit wilted but I think it was because it was next to all the hot food. I ended up not eating the salad and recommend it be put in a separate container. The carioca was just amazing and definitely a dessert to be shared.  They are doughy and filling with the perfect amount of sweetness ."
"Went here on a Sunday for brunch. Was bummed that they did not have their buns on the weekend!! 

I got the Tocino (sweet and savory cured pork) with rice and eggs. My mom got the chicken adobo. The food was pretty good and I have never had a bad experience with Bonifacio, but this time around my mom got food poisoning one hour after eating the chicken adobo unfortunately.

The two dishes were delicious, but hopefully they will be more aware of what they are bringing out.

We also got the ube ice cream sandwich. It was pretty small for $4 and the fried bun that came with it was ok. Not my favorite dish there.

We did not enjoy the waiter unfortunately. All the other waiters were very personable and were on top of it. Ours could definitely use a little improvement.

Overall, it was an ok experience."
"I returned to Bonifacio after a long absence (far too long for my liking!) for dinner. The service was still amazing, the drinks were still strong, and the food was still fantastic. 

To start off, I ordered the barkada and my friend ordered the Arnoldo Palma (the pun killed me). I have to say - the barkada is a super dangerous drink. I took one sip and nearly cried because I wanted to drink five gallons of it but alas, I had to drive 2.5 hours back home to Cleveland so that would not have been the best idea. I highly, highly recommend!

We shared the lumpia and the pancit bihon. You can't go wrong with lumpia - they tasted just like my friend's homemade lumpia! They were gone almost as soon as they were placed on the table. 

I never had pancit bihon before and I have to say... I am addicted. The noodle to meat and greenery ratio was spot-on, as I had a good medley with every spoonful. My favorite part was the sausage even though I normally am not a fan. I am drooling now just thinking about it!

We finished out our long day with the ube ice cream sandwich. I died for the third time within the short span of dinner. The ice cream was fruity without being super sweet, and the sandwich part was a really wonderful cake/cookie consistency. Although it was small, I thought it was the perfect size to round out dinner. 

Bonifacio is a consistent hard-hitter when it comes to brunch and dinner. Columbus is blessed to have it be a part of its foodie landscape!!"
"I stumbled across this gem going house hunting with a friend around the Grandview/UA area and it noticed it was in a  former Wendys. At first we were apprehensive and decided to not go initially.

Fast forward a few weeks later, we finally tried this this place. We had a few cocktails and the they were unique and quite delectable, my friend order the chicken and waffles, she was impressed with them and I felt they were ok (the chicken doesn't balance the waffles out) on the other hand I had the Bonifacio and I was blown away. 

The highlight of that dish is the Longanisa and I don't know how to explain it, but I always order it and have brought at least 5 other friends to check out the dish with me and they were just as impressed. I even had one friend who's not a friend of pork always talking about, ""let's go eat that pork dish at that one restaurant"" lol.

If you are looking for something unique that you and your network will rave about, please check this out."
"Watched @joykoy the comedian last nite and he was saying how good Philippine food is. Of course he would bc he is Philippine right? Well he is right. We had the Boneless Chicken Adobo and the Spicey Tofu. Presentation for both dishes was nice. And food was delicious. Fluffy not sticky white garlic rice for both
meals. I couldn't stop eating the tofu. Loved the spiciness and the large pieces. Husband liked his chicken. And the spinach side salad vinagret was also good. Wish it wasn't a 25 minute drive away."
"Bonifacio delivered 15 free meals for us as a thank you to health care worker!  We received sigsig, chicken adobo, tofu beautifully packed, fresh,& hot!
St. Ann's Labor & Delivery thanks you!!!"
"I am so proud of this Filipino restaurant BONIFACIO in Columbus, Ohio which has successfully introduced Authentic Filipino Flavors to the people of Ohio. Bonifacio exceeded our expectations, we believe it is one of the best Filipino restaurant that we have tried in the US. Tama pa ang presyo! Yung Ube  Ice cream nila was even home made. Sarap! 
Watch out for Chef MJ Salazar, he is on Guy Fiery's Guys Grocery Games on Food Network episode ""Island Food"" and was also visited by Iron Chef Michael Symon

Anyone near or visiting Columbus, Ohio should drop by. Boodle Night on Thursdays and Sunday

Suportahan natin ang Pinoy Food Movement :)"
"Bonifacio delivered 15 free meals for us as a thank you to health care worker!  We received sigsig, chicken adobo, tofu beautifully packed, fresh,& hot!
St. Ann's Labor & Delivery thanks you"
"Great food! The lumpia, pancit, chicken adobo, and bistek are classic. 

If you're new to Filipino food, start with some of these options. They aren't spicy and taste delicious. My personal favorite was the bistek and reminds me of my mom's. They have a drive though window to pick up which makes it easy to access."
"Bonifacio is one of the few Filipino places in Columbus and I'm glad it's so close to me in Grandview. But I won't be coming here regularly.

The food overall is good, but I find it rather inconsistent. Sometimes, you get to enjoy an amazing brunch with delicious longanisa and garlic rice (my favorite type of rice by far), or get some great chicken adobo. But then at other times you get overcharred chicken inasal. In fact, my chicken had bits so charred on the outside that it tasted bitter. I was appalled they even brought it out. The inside was juicy and delicious, but the outside really ruined the dish for me.

Bonifacio's restaurant decor is very nice and has lots of natural lighting. It's not that big on the inside though, so I'd recommend making a reservation if you plan on having a big party. Parking lot is also very small so that might be an issue, but at least it's free.

I find Bonifacio's prices to definitely be on the high end. A typical dinner could easily put you over $30. It's definitely a place you visit occasionally rather than regularly for this reason.

All in all, I really want to like Bonifacio and give it a higher rating, but I find that I cannot due to the inconsistencies and high price point."
"So happy to find a Filipino restaurant near campus!  My son attends OSU and brought us here for brunch.  First impression... Large space, good number of tables, clean.  We were greeted by a Filipino host who addressed me as ""Po"" (sign of respect)... Nice. My family of 4 ordered 5 dishes... 2 of us ordered Tocino with rice and a fried egg.  Very good but the tocino was not as sweet as what I was used to growing up (yep, we are Filipino).  My son ordered the longanisa which he loved... Rated it a 4.5. (Note that for those not used to Flip food... Both meats are quite fatty.)  My hubbie ordered the Bonaficio which was a combo of tocino, longanisa, and corned beef (with fried egg and rice).  They ran out of corned beef but didn't tell us until they came out with the food. Instead of the corned beef... They gave us a double portion of tocino.  I wish they would have asked us if we still wanted the dish without the corned beef as it would have been the proper thing to do.  I also ordered tortang talong.  It is like an eggplant omelet but with added ground beef and veggies.  I love eggplant and it was similar to a dish my grandma used to make me... so suffice to say... I loved it. 

The verdict?  I would definitely return (if only to try the chicken and ube waffles)!  I would also LOVE to give this place 5 stars for support but would feel remiss if I didn't point out the areas for improvement.  Our server, Emily, never refilled out water glasses... She was not very attentive to us at all once she served the food (even though we were only  one of three families there).  Sorry, Emily!  You were very nice though!  The other negative was the cost.  Our check... For the 4 of us was around $85 before tip (no drinks other than water).  On a good note, we boxed plenty to go. I would suggest maybe making the portions a bit smaller to lessen the cost per plate.  Overall, great food, big portions... Something out of the ordinary... Would definitely recommend!"
"As a former resident of San Diego and Chicago (both of which have a plethora of Filipino restaurants to choose from), imagine my surprise when I moved to Columbus and discovered Bonifacio! I love that the people of Columbus have welcomed a Filipino restaurant with open arms -- and mouths. The food here is delicious and they have a great assortment of approachable Filipino cuisine that anyone can appreciate. The brunch is amazing (fried chicken and ube waffles, anyone?) and the cocktail menu is genius! Overall, great concept that has been executed well. I am definitely looking forward to coming to one of their ""kamayan"" meals or the popular ""boodle night."""
"THIS IS THE CLOSEST YOU CAN GET TO HOME-COOKED FOOD IN COLUMBUS!!!! 

As a middle-easterner who LOVES flavor, I can PROUDLY say this place knows how to do cook meat and rice. The flavor is wonderful- I strongly recommend the pyyangyang chicken and the garlic rice. 

Happy eating!"
"I have been looking for a place with real Filipino like Bonifacio for the 4 years that I have been in Ohio. It is a dining experience for your palette that you will not forget. 

I actually heard about Bonifacio when they did a pop-up Filipino Kamayan night up in Cleveland, where I currently live. (FOODIES - YOU NEED TO GO TO A BOODLE NIGHT ONCE IN YOUR LIFE)! Every time I come through Columbus, I try to make it a point to stop through Bonifacio. 

We made it out during a huge snowstorm so we would have missed our anticipated reservation time. We were coming at the end of the night so we were lucky to be able to push our time back. I was introducing three of my friends to Filipino food and I'm so glad to have turned them on to the heavenly goodness that this culture brings. As a Filipino myself, I was impressed by their mix of both popular dishes but also keeping many of the more traditional (and I hate to use the word) ""exotic"" dishes that I have grown up with and have loved. 

I'd highly recommend going family style and ordering a few different dishes to share. Many of the main dishes give you the option to have a side of rice (get that garlic fried rice omg), which will go with almost everything in true Filipino fashion. We started off with drinks - they found a way to take traditional flavors used in Filipino desserts and incorporate them into their drink cocktails. They also have the infamous San Miguel, whic his an easy and refreshing drink to go along with the meal. I love everything ube so I had to go with their Oooh bae drink, which had a lovely subtle ube flavor. We ordered lumpia, sisig, crispy chicken skin, adobo baby back ribs, and inasal na manok to share. The lumpia, sisig, pancit, and adobo are MUST HAVES when you are having Filipino food for the first time. For the more brave, I'd recommend Dinuguan but I'll leave that up to you. 

There is something about the Filipino cuisine that I did not realize until that night - how they use sauces and acidity to cleanse the palette. That being said, DO NOT FORGET about the atchara (papaya slaw) or the sweet chili sauce or the dipping sauces that are included with the plates. Or the vinegar (suka?) they they provide on the table. I can eat that atchara on its own, to be honest, it is SO refreshing. Maybe even that garlic fried rice. 

The pork adobo ribs. Just, omg. No doubt, it was the crowd favorite at the table. Nothing ever competes with your Filipino mother's home cooking, but Bonifacio's adobo probably comes a close second. 

Save some room for dessert, because you have got to get the turon. If you're not completely stuffed by then, turon is a good way to end the meal on a sweet note, without overdoing it. Or, you can be like me and also get the ube ice cream sandwiches. The ube ice cream sandwiches were honestly more of a ""foodie"" sort of pick. I love me some ube, but they were way too sweet and lacking of the ube flavor that I was hoping for. I would have preferred a scoop, or 4, of the ube ice cream itself. It did look pretty, I guess. 

I love the ambiance of the restaurant itself. I had expected it to be a bigger space, but I love the intimacy of Bonifacio. It reminded me of family dinners and how food is an anchoring point in the Filipino culture. How you can come together over this amazing spread of food and feel that sense of community. 

Lastly, I know they mentioned that they were updating their menu, so I'm not sure what they will keep or what will be new. They hold Boodle nights a few times a month and I'd highly recommend anyone to check it out. I have heard good things about their brunch menu, so I'll have to check it out when I'm in town again. Check online for their hours because I definitely missed out twice because they were closed. :'( 

I sincerely hope this restaurant gets more recognition for their amazing food. I'm so glad that there is at least one Filipino place in Ohio that I can cherish and share with people (if anyone else knows of other places, please let me know!!). Until next time, Bonifacio. I'll be dreaming of that adobo."
"During COVID times, they only have outdoor dining (which of course, we picked the coldest day to sit out). I think they can tell that we were cold, so they gave us Arroz Caldo to warm us up (on the house). A bit salty, but other than that, it was good. I also ordered their warm pumpkin spiced alcoholic drink - toasted marshmallows were good on top mixed with pumpkin puree - just seemed like the perfect drink for a cold, fall day.

As for the main dish, I shared a all meat bilao with my friends. I actually couldn't see much of the meal since there was not enough lighting as it was getting dark outside. So here I am sitting with my cell phone light on to enjoy my meal. I expected a little more out of the garlic rice, but it was a tad bit dry. The meat was delicious. 

Waiter was super nice (although we all wondered why he was not cold just wearing a short sleeve shirt), while we were all hovering over the heat lamps."
"This was my first time at Bonifacio, and we accidentally went on ""boodle night""! For the uninitiated, this is a night where the food is served on banana leaves set straight on the table, and eaten with hands. Thankfully as an Indian this was no biggie, but if you do prefer plates & silverware, they can provide them. 
We got the garlic rice, and I got the atchara and grilled eggplant while my friend got the chicken (I don't remember the preparation, sorry!) and the sautéed bok choy. The atchara is a green papaya salad in a tangy vinaigrette, and was a nice and refreshing accompaniment to the soft, silky grilled eggplant. The star for me was definitely the garlic rice -- beware, the bits of garlic are plentiful!! My friend really liked her chicken and bok choy as well, and my favorite part of the evening was watching her put a WHOLE bok choy into her mouth. So much fun and such a different experience! 
I asked for some hot sauce to go along with it, and they had sriracha and sambal oelek (my favorite!!). This added some nice flavor to the meal as well. 
Unfortunately, they ran out of all but one of the desserts and that was definitely the part I was most looking forward to trying. Oh well, guess I'll have to wait until next time!"
"Filipino food in Columbus? Don't mind if I do! After having a not so great experience at a previous restaurant I decided to drive down to Bonifacio hoping for better luck. As soon as I walked in I felt at home. I was greeted by a really cool dude I think his name was Stefan (I'm not sure it that's the correct name as i'm going off my reciept)  and he noticed my raiders beanie and oaklandish hoodie and we chatted it up a little about sports. 

I sat at the bar and the bartender at the time asked if I wanted a drink besides water and I ordered the Old Fashion. The workers and I agreed that we loved Old Fashions and I was asked what the best ones I've had in Columbus so far and I couldn't name any tbh. So, Stephan told the bartender to make it the best. It was surely the best I've had in Ohio. As I went through the menu I was ready to order.

Food review:

I ordered the Chicken Adobo. I was asked if i wanted white rice or garlic rice and I chose the latter. As he placed my order in and asked me again what kind of rice I wanted I reiterated that I wanted garlic rice. When my meal came it looked visually amazing and my mouth just started watering. The chicken was marinated well with the Adobo sauce and I wish there was more so i can drench it in the garlic rice haha.  Digging into the chicken thigh I noticed a little pink pool gathering towards the center of the chicken and thought to myself, aww man the chicken is undercooked. I asked the bartender if I could get the chicken cooked a little more and without saying a word he grabs the plate.

He took it back and talked to the head chef, I'm assuming. I see the chef looking at the dish and saying something and shaking his head and the bartender just shrugging his shoulders as if he didn't believe the chicken was undercooked (it was bleeding still)? While waiting, I hoped they don't give me a new plate of food as I was getting full anyways but, I ended up getting a new plate which was really cool that they made me a new plate without any hassle involving me! The second batch came out perfect. 

The Adobo sauce was perfectly made with the right balance of soy sauce and vinegar and of course the other importaant ingredients of peppercorn and garlic. The garlic rice was an extra $1 but the rice was a little mushy but garlicky flavorful. I wish they included more sauce to drizzle on top of my rice or add more to drizzle onto the meat as I dig more into it. Overall, a good dish.

End food review.

With great conversations happening int he beginning of my visit the customer service just declined quickly. I never got my water and finally did so when i got my second plate of adobo right when I asked for a box for left overs. The bartender never checked up on me, actually hardly anyone check up on me until i was sittiing there with an empty plate. When i got my second plate I was never given any utensil and had to ask for it. Overall my customer service could of been a lot better here. 

The old fashion is a must, the dishes were for the most part well made the prices are around average and their happy hour menu seemed really good. They have their own parking spot."
Quite an experience of Filipino cuisine. I highly recommend the garlic rice , coconut rice, blackened chicken, and spare ribs which are sweet are citrusy. Perhaps the most surprising dish were the grilled tomatoes that came with the ribs. For someone who doesn't like tomatoes, whatever was done to those made them some of the best vegetables I have ever had
I'm filipino and this place brings back amazing memories food I miss ! Thanks bonifacio !! Try the brunch menu it's good
"Filipino cuisine on the fly on the corner of King and North Star Road. Me and my friend stop in for I have never been and wanted to give it a try. So many people have talked about it and I sought this location out.

We walk in and it's busy of course. We get seated and I was surprised at how different simplistic the decor was. My friend mentioned that the had more plants before. We got our menus and water to drink. Our cups smelled weird so our server was nice about changing them. Most of the food choices I never heard before so I got something that had ingredients that I enjoy! (Do this if you go somewhere new!)

I got the fried bok choy: AMAZING IF YOU LIKE BOK CHOY! And the Pancit Bihon was delicious perfect amount of seasoning on the noodles and the bits of lime were really great. I would definitely have this dish as a first when visiting.

3 stars for the good food. Had to knock 2 stars for my friends dish was cooked but cold."
Watched @joykoy the comedian last nite and he was saying how good Philippine food is. Of course he would bc he is Philippine right? Well he is right. We had the Boneless Chicken Adobo and the Spicey Tofu and Veggie Egg rolls. Presentation for both dishes was nice. And food was delicious. Fluffy not sticky white garlic rice for both meals. I couldn't stop eating the tofu. Loved the spiciness and the large pieces. Husband liked his chicken. And the spinach side salad vinagret was also good. The egg rolls were also good. Wish it wasn't a 25 minute drive away.
"I was lucky enough to get invited to a private soft opening where they previewed a lot of their menu items for banquet style seating (kamayan/boodle-style). Everything was really well-done in that the food was well-cooked and stayed completely true to the Filipino roots. Everything from mango salad, longanisa, lumpia shanghai, BBQ pork, etc. I know there are more items on the menu than I just mentioned but I'll be sure to update next time I go when they open for real!

I'm glad I have a restaurant where I can celebrate a part of my culture in Columbus and where I know the quality of the food is high. In my opinion, I always thought Filipino food was one of the most American-friendly for picky eaters. Hopefully you guys'll agree."
"A chilly yet pleasant outdoor dining experience!

Came here with a group on a Saturday evening for the first time a couple weeks ago. I  recommend making a reservation ahead of time, as their seating is very limited for the time being (only a few tables outside, no dine-in when we were there). There are heat lamps, but if it's cold, it's really frickin chilly!!

Our waiter was named Mark and he was the most friendly guy, providing great service throughout the entirety of our meal. He even brought us all warm chicken soup on the house (seeing how cold we were), which definitely helped!

I got a lychee cocktail, which was pleasant on the eyes and tastebuds. For food, myself and three others split the Bilao, which is essentially a massive platter of assorted foods. We chose the meat option (there's others as well). Aside from a plethora of different Filipino meats, it also came with lumpia and garlic rice - pretty tasty overall!

Definitely would come back - but maybe on a warmer night or when dine-in is safe and available again!"
This place is such a gem!!! Came in on Thursday when everyone is eating finger food. My first time having Filipino food and it's delicious!! Everything is really good. Loved my fresh young coconut
"This is my review from my food blog, www.wildfoodie.net 
Check me out! New to this blogging thing When you walk in, you're greeted by your host/hostess, who will ask if you have a reservation or not. Reservations aren't 100% necessary but I would really recommend it just to make sure you have the best experience, especially on Boodle night. We will get to Boodle night in just a bit..For their regular menu, they have a wide variety of traditional and mainstream Filipino dishes. They also do brunch on the weekends. There are gluten free and vegetarian options on the menu. I was told by a vegetarian and a meat eater that it's the best tofu they've had. So, must be legit. Here's a pic of our spread, as we move on to Boodle night. Thursday and Sunday nights are Boodle night! The food is served Kamayan style. This means it's served on banana leaves that have been laid out on your table. The server places your rice down the middle of the table, followed by your sides, and your main entree. You eat with your hands on Boodle night! So fun. So good. Look at all that food! There were 6 adults and one busy baby.I recommend 1-2 sides per person to go with your main entree. You get a choice of garlic rice, coconut rice or white rice. Garlic and coconut rice are $2 extra but both have good flavor. The garlic rice isn't at all overpowering.Here's what I ordered:White rice, bok choy, and mango salad.. with Inasal as my main dish. Inasal is my favorite. Garlic, lemongrass, delicious chicken quarter with crispy but not fried chicken skin. The mango salad is slightly crunchy and sweet, with mango, red onion and tomato in a citrus sauce. The bok choy is tender and juicy. I could have probably had another full order for myself I love them so much. Al of the flavors combine together so well. I have had the lumpia (spring rolls that come in pork or veggie), which are delicious and fresh tasting. Not greasy at all.This time, I had a pineapple mojito. Wow. Just wow. So good. My new favorite mojito. The margaritas looked yummy, and they have a lot of other great drinks and drink specials for happy hour. They also have a great Filipino/American beer selection.Look at this. Purple ice cream? It's the ube ice cream sandwich. I can't even tell you how good it was. I want to go back just for it. Ube is a vivid purple yam. They make homemade ice cream with it here, and also use it in some of their brunch dishes. This ube ice cream sandwich tasted exactly how they explained it. Fruity pebble cereal milk. You have to try it. It comes topped with a sprinkle of fruity pebbles cereal, and sweet young coconut. All of the flavors together are magic.The prices are great, especially at happy hour. Bring a group of friends or family and try Boodle night. It's so fun and a great experience. I can't wait to go back!"
"I can see this quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  I stopped by for Sunday brunch a couple of weekends ago.  The brunch menu only has a couple items to satisfy the sweet tooth brunch seekers, but that's not what I was there for anyway.  Still, I did try the guava stuffed french toast that the wife ordered, and it was a guilty pleasure.  It sounded like it would be way to sweet, but it wasn't.  The guava cream was subtle and the whipped cream was more rich than sweet.  I had The Bonafacio which was a sampler of 3 different menu items: longanisa, tocino, and corned beef hash.  The longanisa was the best i've ever had, the tocino provided some sweetness to the dish, and the corned beef hash was garlicky.  it also came with garlic fried rice and a sunny side up egg.  This kind of meal at any time of the day is right up my alley.  

Additionally, the people here are super friendly, service was great, and prices were very reasonable."
"I have been for lunch 2 weeks ago. This was the best lunch I have ever had in Columbus so far, perfectly delicious food, very very nice staff who even brewed a fresh coffee and did not charge it (nice surprise on top of a really great experience)!
Will definitely be back soon!"
So far, I've only been here on Boodle night (Thursdays). This was an easy 5 stars- I couldn't stop eating! Although the outside isn't very inviting, it's definitely got the flavor and the experience, and the staff were all very friendly. There were so many different menu items I wanted to try so I will definitely be returning. Tip: don't go here on a first date because it's very messy and you eat with your hands!
"I LOVE THIS PLACE! Definitely one of my favorite spots to go to when I am in Columbus. Their Arroz Caldo is rich not only in flavor, but also in ingredients as well. The best brunch food by far is their irresistible Ube waffles- I always order a side order of waffles to go in addition to trying out a new main dish for brunch. The waffles are very rich in an Ube sweetness that is not too overwhelming to the tastebuds. 
On Sunday evenings, they have a Boodle night with banana leaf settings as plates. You order the meals family style to be split amongst your friends as you eat with your hands through the different courses of meat and veggies you order. The dash of Filipino culture on the presentation of food enhances even more the authenticity of the cuisine provided by the restaurant."
I love this place. Great atmosphere and great food. Frequently recommending boodle night to people!
Been wanting to come here since it opened and finally got around to doing it. Sad that I waited so long! I came for brunch. My husband and I usually will let each other try a bite of each others' dishes. This time we ate half of each of our meals and switched plates. Everything was that good :) I ordered the Bonifacio Sysog which is rice, egg, and three meats with a side of porridge (go with it, it's delicious). My husband ordered Ube chicken and waffles with some sort of caramely sauce. We each had a bubble tea. Fabulous. And parking in the surface lot which is huge for Grandview. Can't wait to come back for dinner.
"Update: and I ordered a variety of items and ate them with our hands, which is pretty fun. Though I struggled with grabbing rice with my hands, the flavor of each item was pretty great.

I got the garlic rice, the bok choy, and the adobo ribs. The garlic rice was flavorful as always, the bok choy had a great texture and flavor to it, and the adobo ribs are delicious and fall-off-the-bone tender.For dessert I got the ube sandwich which is very unique and delicious.  Service was also pretty attentive. 

As always, there was difficulty finding parking on a Sunday evening. This is not unique to Bonifacio but is an issue in Grandview in general...but still somewhat irritating.

All in all, I enjoyed my experience here much more than last time!"
I love this place. It's my first experience with Filipino food and Bonifacio has made me a convert. The happy hour is awesome and you can get plenty of good eats/drinks for a reasonable price. The cocktails are incredibly inventive, and I would recommend the boozy ube milkshake (monster style). I was also lucky enough to visit during Boodle Night and it was such a fun dining experience. They lay down banana leaves and pile all sorts of delicious eats for you to eat with your hands. This happens every Thursday, so don't miss it.
We ordered last night on their quarantine menu, $10 per dish. We got chicken and ribs adobo with the lumpia. It was so good. The lumpia were amazing. The rib portion was not huge, but at the price point it was great. It was ready and delivered super fast. Our first time and we'll be back! Thank you for staying open to serve the community!
Want help with thee menu? Just ask for recommendations. That's what we did. Started with pork lumpia (spring rolls)- delicious, but not why you'll want to seek this place out. Our entrees were the chicken inasal and the pancit bihon. These dishes are why I would shout at you to come eat at Bonifacio. Filipino food was new to me, but high quality dishes with balanced, deep flavors are not.
"So happy to have finally tried this place! Delivery was super fast and the food was soooo good. Their menu is limited right now, but still delicious and at a great price. I got the Chicken Inasal and added a poached egg and some eggplant - everything was cooked to perfection!!I've heard about their ""Boodle Night"" and I'm looking forward to trying it once everything is open again!"
Bonifacio is one of our favorite COVID finds. We used the period to try out (and support) local restaurants that deliver, and we've enjoyed Bonifacio several times. The food is fresh, portions ample, and both our carnivorous and vegetarian tastes were well-satisfied.
"Yes yes yes!

So I usually come during lunch which is amazing. Appetizers, drinks and dinner and were so amazing it's like a whole other restaurant. 

The siopao chicken and fried chicken skins... I mean we could have just ate these and MJs specialty cocktails. But the three entrees we got - the burnt chicken, the marinated chicken and the ribs... EXPERT LEVEL culinary skill. I mean, listen. This is a culinary taste adventure and experience. 

Do yourself a treat and go. Take friends."
"Wow, an amazing experience.

The food was simply out of sight. We tried several entrees and sides and they were all fantastic. Eating off a banana leaf without utensils made the experience all the more fun, but I think that is only one night a week.

The service was very warm and friendly, but they were a bit overwhelmed. Otherwise would have been a 5."
I love this place! This is my thirs visit and never disappoints me. I have been here only on boodle night which is on thursday (now they are also available on sunday). On those days they serve food on table which is covered with banana leaves and you need to eat them with hand. They serve you silverwear and gloves if you request. The menu I recommend is porkbelly, chopped pork, eggplant, fried chicken skin, sausage, garlic rice and mango salad. Everymenu is so savory with asian seasoning and its such a fun experience!
The staff at Bonifacio were some of the warmest people I got to meet, and the food is just as amazing. I ordered the hash skillet (requested vegan) from the weekend brunch menu but since they were out of tofu, I asked if I could get a discount, and the chef kindly agreed. The meal was delicious with perfect flavors, the atmosphere was very welcoming, and I will definitely be back!
"If 6 stars were possible to give, I would. We were looking for a good brunch place in Columbus and I stumbled on Bonifacio during my Yelp search. My brothers and I are super into trying food from different cultures, so this was an easy choice for my younger brother's birthday bash. They took reservations and accommodated our large party of 10. The atmosphere is bright (literally and figuratively due to the numerous windows and kind waitstaff) and cheery. The decor is warm, simple and inviting. In an attempt to try the whole menu, we all got something different. Chicken & waffles-- 11/10 would recommend. The waffles are made with purple yams and are covered in a coconut caramel. Truly to die for. Longanisa-- (sausage). DELISH. Chicken adobo-- the most perfect balance of spices. Cooked perfectly. Tacino-- (KIND of like Filipino bacon). Fried pork belly. Guava stuffed French toast with pineapple rum compote. (Holy goodness was it amazing!) Flan. Gauva mimosas (omg). Lumpia. Skillet hash. Corned beef hash. And the list goes on. Before our dishes came out, we were served a dish of chicken and rice porridge-- SOOOOOO delicious. Super garlicky. Some of our meals came with it, and some didn't. However, they gave us each a bowl! All of the ""traditional"" meals came with garlic rice and an egg. They served us hot sauce, sweet and sour sauce, and vinegar for dipping. The vinegar brought the whole chicken adobo and rice dish together. I ended up pouring two cups on mine. You can also get almost everything as a side! (Which is what we did for the french toast and the portion was still good!) The server was incredible. She kept up with us and never missed a beat. She even brought my brother some birthday flan. Absolutely the best brunch experience of my life. I guarantee we will be back. And I can't wait! 

Vinegar 
So much flavor"
"*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*

This place was featured on buzzfeed, and it definitely did not disappoint. ADD this to your list if you're visiting Columbus, OH. This was my first time eating Filipino food and many of my other friends recommended this place. The place itself is relatively small with a bar. Apparently they have different lunch and dinner menus and have speciality nights (Thursdays) with different selections as well. I hear that wait can reach over 1hr on popular nights so make sure to make reservations just in case. Luckily when I went, it was during thanksgiving break and many students left so home so we didn't have to wait long. Overall, the food were seasoned really well with lots of good flavors and spices and the meat were really juicy and tender. 

*DINNER*
All entrees come with rice but I highly recommend you substituting regular rice with GARLIC RICE.

Fried chicken skin - really crispy chicken skin topped with pickled radish and a side of fish sauce. The chicken skin has a good crunch to it, not too heavy on the seasoning. I love anything picked so the radish was great. The size of the appetizer is on the smaller end but it's definitely good enough to share

Lumpia - comes in a set of 5, and luckily there was 5 of us. The skin was crunchy and the interior was steamy. Very flavorful and I love the spicy chili sauce it came with

Sisig - comes sizzling to the table. The grilled pork was so tender and I love that it came with an egg; this is totally a brunch type of item. The pork was smothered in sauce and oil; maybe a bit too oily for my liking. The lime did help balance the saltiness of the sauce and the rice of course helped too. Overall, I really liked this dish

Adobo - a good pack of ribs that comes right off the bone. There is still a chew to the meat, just a bit stringy. It is smothered in this sweet savory bbq soy sauce like sauce . 

Inasal - one of my favorite dishes we ordered. You get two good pieces of well-marinated bone-in chicken. The chicken was juicy, not dry at all, and falls right off the bone. 

Ube Ice Cream Sandwich - featured on buzzfeed. The sandwich bun comes hot while the ice cream comes cold. The bun taste very similar to the Chinese fried sweet mantou and the ube ice cream was light, not too sweet. Look nice and taste good

Halo Halo - Filipino version of shaved ice with coconut, red bean, jelly, flan, and ube ice cream. The ice itself was on the coarse side, which made it hard to break in the beginning. I personally prefer finer ice. I really liked the flan a lot. 

*VERDICT*
I would LOVE to go back again and try all the other food I've never tried before. Everything tasted saucy"
"I went to Bonofacio for dinner for my birthday on one of their noodle nights (Thursdays and Sundays). It was an amazing experience. The food was great, but what was even better was how the communal eating forced us to talk and have a good time. Communal eating was a first for me, and eating with my hands was a bit weird at first, but we loosened up and dug in. We had a little bit of everything! The $4 margaritas and piña coladas are frozen FYI. Only downside was that we didn't get a chance to try any dessert because they were all out. Otherwise. There's wasn't anything that i disliked. I will definitely be back. 
Also! This restaurant is best for a larger group in my opinion, but you could just as easily have a great time with 2 people on a date. You just won't get to try as many dishes."
Delicious food!! They only serve food on banana leaves on certain days though. Food was served fairly fast. Great place for lunch with a coworker. Not really busy during work hours which is nice. Faster and better service. Staff is very friendly and was cool when we asked about the menu.
"This location used to be an old Wendy's and then a hole in the wall Chinese place and now it is a hidden gem Filipino restaurant in Columbus.  On Thursday and Sunday nights it's ""boodle night"" where banana leaves are set on the tables and everything is ordered family style.  No silverware is provided, you eat with your hands which at first I thought was odd but you get used to it.  Note, the portion sizes are about half the size of the normal menu size, everything is meant to be shared with the table.  Start with the garlic rice and veggie egg rolls.  Favorites for dinner are the bok choy (random I know but just try it!), bbq chicken skewer, insal chicken, the sausages and the bf loves the pork belly.  Oh and $3 pina coladas on noodle night are the perfect drink.  The service is always outstanding and they are happy to answer any questions or provide suggestions!"
Absolutely delicious food and great service! Their mojito and mimosa are very tasty! The size is very decent too. The only reason I gave a four star was because the porridge was a little too salty.
Great Filipino food.  Great menu.  Great service.  Nice atmosphere.  Craft beers on tap.  Wine and liquor available.  Best of all, pricing is fair.  Even asked for a fried egg to place on my rice and I wasn't charged.  It's the little things like that....
"Love this Filipino spot! 

Know that the menus are different based on the time of day you go. There is a brunch menu and a dinner menu. You will NOT get pancit for lunch! You CAN get adobo for brunch.

There is a decent variety of dishes from adobo to ube waffles to arroz caldo to bangus, so you should be able to find something you want. We were there for brunch and I got the Bonifacio, which is basically three types of pork... all but the hash was overcooked. As was the egg, which I wish were a bit runny. Everything was tasty, though. I really loved the arroz caldo! And the bubble teas are fun.

I also tried my niece's ube waffles and they were AMAZING! 

Would definitely come back for dinner and to try other dishes. 

Friendly service, nice atmosphere."
Outstanding Filipino food and modern cocktails in a comfortable, lively environment. Our server, Joe, was really informative and friendly, and all of his recommendations were spot-on. We went on Valentine's Day and they were utterly slammed, but all of the staff handled the crowds professionally and kindly, and everything arrived reasonably timely given how busy it was. They even put roses on all the tables. Everything was very good, but the pyanggang and mussels were excellent, as was the lychee martini. Try the balut! It's actually quite lovely... it's like a hard boiled egg, with the flavor of a rich chicken broth. And the halo halo is a perfect refreshing dessert for a hot summer day.
"We've been coming to Bonifacio for a couple of years now, usually for their weekend brunch.  The brunch menu consists of traditional Filipino dishes, albeit a bit upscale.  In particular, the arroz caldo (rice soup) has always excelled.

Bonifacio retooled their dinner menu about six months ago, which we only discovered recently.  They've become a little more interpretative in their dinner entrees; rather than preparing traditional dishes, they've started to interpret the underlying traditional dish in interesting ways.  This approach can often go wrong; you can stray from the original dish too much, or not enough, and create something that is a pale imitation of the original.

Not so for Bonifacio.  Their new menu is brilliant.  The adobo pork ribs were great; braised in the traditional adobo style, but with baby-back ribs served as a rack, tender and the meat falling off the bone.  If any dish won me over, it was the pyanggang: bone-in chicken marinated in garlic, ginger, lemongrass, coconut, and most importantly, burnt coconut.  The flavor profile was subtle but complex, and the burnt coconut gave it a unique finish that blew me away.  It's got to be one of the best preparations of chicken I've had in a long time.  Also, their garlic rice is worth the additional $2 charge.  Trust me on this one.

Bonifacio has started serving food in the ""boodle"" manner on some nights, which is to say directly on top of banana leaves (no plates) on the tabletop, eaten with your hands.  I was surprised by how much this added to the overall experience; it wasn't as messy as it sounds, and it definitely made for a unique experience.  Plus, pork ribs and bone-in chicken are best eaten with your hands, anyway.

Bonifacio was always good, but with the new menu, they've definitely upped their game.  They're not just cooking some of the best Asian food in C'bus, but some of the best food, period."
"AUTHENTIC FILIPINO FOOD.

I came here first for lunch in February 2017 with my friend Mandy then I came here another time for dinner with my friend Edward. 

FOOD - The first time, I ordered a chicken rice bowl which came with an eggs and some vegetables. My friend and I both enjoyed our lunch especially since Bonifacio had just opened up and there was alot of hype around the restaurant. 

When I came here a second time, I had the Chicken Adobo which is bursting with flavour because the Chicken is slow cooked. I actually remember biting into the chicken and watching it fall off the bone. It was super delicious!!! I definitely came here again a third time and I think I ordered the Adobo again because it was that tasty...LOL. 

PARKING - This restaurant is in Grandview which is where I used to live when I lived in Columbus. The parking lot here is small so arrive early or find street parking. 

I highly recommend coming here and trying something different. Service was always good when I came.

***
- 7 total reviews in 2019.
- 217 total Yelp reviews."
"Bonifacio is the best Filipino restaurant I know of in Columbus. It's the only one really. The food is mostly healthy. It's the best thing you can say about it. The meal sizes were not good for the cost, and the service needs some work. 

I heard lots of good things about Bonifacio. It made me really want to try it. The menu looked very exciting. It has a happy hour from 5 to 7. This also includes half price savings on bar food. It had several good sounding selections. The tofu sliders are $9 at normal cost, so this was thought to be quite a bargain. It was sliders which are small to be sure, but for what you are paying you should be getting more of them. The service was also so bad. It was not even that busy. They need to have some better training to get things moving. 

I would go to Bonifacio for the happy hour. It's the best for costs and they have some good food at the bar. The meal portions are not good and the service was slow so adjust your expectations before you go there."
"AMAZING!!! And Authentic! And probably the most underrated brunch in town: pile of rice, sausage, eggs and a fun selection of mimosas! 
I cannot wait for this lockdown to be over, so that I can enjoy that brunch with friends again! 
Only con: slightly uncomfortable seating for big booties."
"Andres Bonifacio, a quaint, self educated, and strong willed man, led the Philippine revolution in the late 1800s, which spurred the Philippine independence from Spanish rule. He was an ingenious leader who revolted against what he knew was wrong, or according to my fellow Millennials, a rebel. Although he's had many well documented achievements, his greatest achievement may be having this restaurant named after him. Little did my dude Andres know that through all his efforts and hardships, he too would sit amongst the gods (Popeye the sailor and Ronald McDonald to name a few) and have a restaurant named after him. (Upon further soul searching and research, I in fact did not speak to anyone associated with the business and thus could not confirm the inspiration of the naming of this company. For all I know, it could primarily be named after a sly ole, wholesome Filipino man who dared to dream of Ube flavoring in waffles). Whether to honor President Bonifacio's name or offer tribute to another hero, the food served at this humble, county library-looking building achieves that purpose. Man the food here is so serious.

As I entered the building, the vibes were so even-keel but also so festive and celebratory of pacific island culture that I knew I was in for a dandy time.

My motto, especially at places like Bonifacios, has always been ""If you're going to do it, do it right."" So in that same mindset, I ordered 2 large brunch dishes because I have no shame amongst my country men. For my beverage, I ordered (and apparently got lost in its sauce) the Kalamansi juice. Subsequently after, I ordered the star of the show that is the fried chicken and Ube waffles, AND an underdog, yet unforgotten ""the Bonifacio"" dish. First order at hand, the unorthodox Ube waffles were so pillow-soft yet crisp at the same time. They quite literally abounded with everything there is to love about Ube, the soothing purple iridescence coupled with the sweet yet not overpoweringly sweet twinges of lush. It was a perfect marriage of Belgian delicacies and Filipino elegance. Utterly fantastic. The fried chicken damn near brought tears to my eyes, eyes that have seen the glory of the ... fried chicken joy from Jollibee (if you know, you know). (Disclaimer - Jollibee chicken is not necessarily the best tasting fried chicken but my stirred up feelings are simply due to childhood nostalgia, ya dig?). Then, faithful ole Bonifacio decided to stealthily pair the dish with a gravy resembling the OG gravy from Jollibee. Man, Bonifacio, y'all are buggin'. I don't really rate dishes but this menu option is 5/5 stars, even. 

The second dish was even more interesting. They coupled fried garlic rice, a staple of any Filipino breakfast, Longanisa, beef tapa (I swaped out the pork Tocino for the Beef tapa), and corned beef hash. The Longanisa had a snap to it, but almost melted in your mouth with that tangy, sweet meat juice oozing out in every bite. The beef tapa was solid, and the corned beef hash was quite splendid. If I had any type of constructive criticism for this place, it'd be that the garlic friend rice was a bit lacking in garlic flavor, the beef tapa wasn't as tender as I had hoped, and the corned beef hash didn't quite resemble an actual hash. (Mama's Filipino breakfasts puts Bonifacios' in a body bag, but that's besides the point.) Still, ""the Bonifacio"" dish was a hard 4.2/5 stars. 

Fortunately, I was able to inhale both dishes with ease. Unfortunately however, my gut could handle no more and I was unable to partake in any dessert. Still, my time at this establishment was an unforgettable experience. Whether the goal was to serve dishes that could live up to THE President Bonifacio's legacy or to cook food to portray the acquired tastes of my guy, some ole fella named Bonifacio, both were satisfied, if not exceeded. 

5/5 stars
KC approved"
Went with a large-ish group of 8 and had a great time! The food came out quickly and tasted amazing. Staff was super friendly. Will definitely return and try some more dishes. The bonafacio was a great starter plate (it's so much food)! Everyone loved it.
every single dish we ordered (asado sioboa, pancit bihon and garlic rice) was absolutely incredible. full of flavor and super fresh. this is probably one of my new favorite restaurants in cbus!
I have ordered 3 times now during the pandemic.    I only want to frequent places that I can order online, pay online and pickup.  This place has a drive thru window.  They are having specials for $10.  The food is delicious.  I could eat here every day but I don't live in the are.  Yesterday I had the chicken pyanggang for the second time.  The other day I had the boneless chicken inasal.   The items come with rice and salad.  The dressing on the salad is delicious also.  The inasal came with some spicy soy sauce mixture.  The pyanggang came with salad rice and hot sauce. My son got me started on this place.
"Delicious, authentic, friendly, fun and clean exciting. I had the longanisa garlic rice bowl and it was exactly what I was used too: crisp, moist, garlicky and sweet. I did miss a little garlic vinegar to dip it in to cut the fat, but not too much. The side of pork lumpia was excellent. Very fresh tasting, not like the frozen stuff from the international market. 

My friend ordered the chicken inasal and it was amazing! I am not a chicken fan, but I'd order this for myself. It was delicious. 

We shared the turon dessert. I am not a big fan of jackfruit but this dish could change my mind. I'm going to have to try it 4-5 more times to know for sure."
The restaurant set up a temporary outdoor patio dining area during the covid. Online reservation is highly recommended since the seating is limited. The staff were very friendly. You can use your phone to scan the QR code on the table to view the menu. We ordered two cocktails that are very fruity and yum. We also built our own bilao that had garlic rice, eggplant, mango salad, bbq chicken skewers, deep fried pork belly, and marinated chicken. Everything was cooked perfectly and was delicious!! The sauces helped enhance the flavor. The price was very reasonable as well. You can also order it to-go using their online order system. Overall we enjoyed the food a lot and will definitely go back again soon!
Always amazing food! Their blackened chicken is amazing! Go to boodle night, yummm. Can't get enough!!!
Absolutely loved everything. I got the boodle night for two to go and it was a great time! The cost was $50 and easily filled us up with leftovers for the next night as well. I can't even begin to explain how delicious the food is. If you ever get the chance, get it! I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu!
Bonifacio is a hidden GEM in Grandview. I ordered dinner recently and it was ready in 15 minutes. They have a drive through window which was so convenient - I drove around back and my food was there and ready to go. Not to mention, their Crispy Tofu was the best I've EVER had! Big cubes of crunchy goodness that tasted like spring rolls. Hefty portions too, I got two meals out of it! Such a good value and such delicious food - Bonifacio deserves more hype!
"Enjoyed boodli tonight.  We have also been there for brunch and dinner.  My favorite was the brunch.  I went with a group and we tried everything family style. 

 Love what they have done with the space.  You would never know it was a Wendy's (each subsequent restaurant has redone the space, nicely....and with each renovation it looks less and less like the original space).  

They have a nice happy hour....but be forewarned.  Even though it described as being Tuesday through Friday, only the drink specials are available on Thursdays."
"This place was a pleasant surprise. We enjoyed everything we had. Topped off with Halo Halo!
The Lychee spritzer was very refreshing as well!"
The food was excellent and services was great ! Great deletion of drinks and delicious foods
I keep finding myself craving this food.  I have only been twice but each time was incredible.  The garlic rice is something I could eat with every meal and their chicken is so moist and tender.  The wait staff are all so friendly and knowledgeable and know whenever I go I am in for a treat.  I highly recommend this place!!
We have been here twice.  First time was better than the first, but we will be returning.  First time we went for brunch and I got the meal that had the three different kinds of meat, delish!!  Second time we went for dinner and we ordered the tofu and mushroom appetizer and it was tasty, the ribs could have been more tender and flavorful.  Good service though.
This place was GREAT, the Filipino food is actually close to food you'd actually see in the Philippines. The sisig is a must, and so is the adobo. The sisig is crispy and the adobo is tender (as they both should be). Usually these foods are eaten with rice, which may be unfamiliar at first but that's the way it should eaten (garlic rice is better than regular rice). The only things worth noting is that the place may be tight if you have a large group, and that the food can get pricey pretty fast. Getting a lot of foods and doing family style is the way these foods should be eaten! I would 100% come back again. Watch out for the food coma that is sure to follow
I've been to Bonifacio twice in the last month, and bank account abiding, I'll likely be visiting several times in the future. When I was in Seattle last year, I had Filipino food almost every morning for breakfast, and it was something that I immediately craved to have again upon returning to Ohio. Luckily, Bonifacio is here to fulfill those needs. The portions are huge, the food is incredibly flavorful, and the service is nice. I can't speak to the dinner options as I haven't been there for them yet, but if you're there for brunch, I would definitely recommend starting with the Bonifacio silog. That'll get you a great mix of items, which is handy, especially if you've never had Filipino food. Personally, I gravitate to the loganisa, but all of the items on that plate are tasty. And unlike some other places, they provide a great (well-seasoned!) fried egg here as well.
Really great experience last night. Despite getting there at 9 (one hour before close), the bartender was so very gracious and made our time feel like three hours! The drinks were great- he even customized mine to not include added sugars! The apps we got were healthy and unique- the balut was more cooked than it would have been in the Philippines but still good and so were the mangaa (mango, roasted coconut, sliced tomato, citrus juice, and red onion) and atchara (pickled slaw w green papaya, carrot, onion, bell pepper, and ginger) appetizers. The bistec (steak) was huge and came out sizzling hot with the most delicious caramelized onions throughout. I am so glad you can get either healthy or super comfort greasy fried foods here too if you're feeling it. I can't wait to return when I'm in the mood for fried pork belly. Good prices too. Also was warm inside which is a huge plus for those who run freezing cold like  myself.
I used to love this place but I don't think it's as good as it was before - the flavors, the size, and the prices have definitely changed! I would say it's still pretty authentic which I really appreciate but it's definitely getting more expensive for the size of each dish. I went for brunch/lunch and got the corn beef hash which comes with brisket and I did not really like it - it was super limey and I didn't squeeze any lime on it, and there wasn't much flavor or anything to it! But I know other dishes are really good but I don't know if it's worth the prices. However, I went with a really large group and the servers were really accommodating and helpful which was really nice!
Tasty food with a flare of spice. The staff and Chef were so accommodating to my allergies and preferences.
"Bonifacio started with a love of food, cooking and feeding people. Like many Filipinos, it's their way of showing they care. I was able to experience Boodle Night at Bonifacio which is every Thursday 5p to close. Boodle is a traditional family style feast where a communal table is covered in banana leaves and piled with heaps of rice, meat, vegetables, and more. During Boodle night, you get the chance to experience an authentic Filipino meal that is homemade with an emphasis on ingredients and presentation. Traditionally there is no silverware so you grab and eat everything with your hands.

We started with a few drinks - among our group we go the rasberry frose which was basically a frozen rose, the el nido which uses local karate cowboy, the house sangria which has flavors of mango and lychee and my personal favorite the boozy ube milkshake which is made with the housemade ube ice cream. 

We at like kings during boodle night and pretty much ate everything on the menu. I returned a few nights later for some appetizers and had both the Sisig Tacos which is Pork sisig in a corn tortilla, topped with pickled onion, green mango, and aioli and the asado Siobao which is fried pork belly sliders in a steamed bun. Those steamed buns had my heart. 

Of course, we couldn't leave without dessert. The Ube Ice Cream Sandwich was calling my name. Fried bun filled with housemade ube ice cream and young coconut strings, drizzled with a coconut caramel sauce and sprinkled with Fruity Pebbles."
"We came here on a Thursday night and they had Boodle night! Which is where a communal table is covered in banana leaves and piled with rice meat and veggies of sorts and then you dig in with your HANDS!! I have never done an experience like this before and thought it was interesting and a cool night! I had ordered garlic rice but was accidentally given coconut rice as well which I preferred so happy accident lol and also had chicken with green beans and bok choy. Everything was wonderfully flavored and cooked! I would love to go back for a night like this! Only downside was since we had a big group we had asked to pay separately and the server had messed up everyone's checks so it took a while to get out. 
Defiantly make a reservation for Boodle night or there will be a long wait!"
"First time trying this was coincidentally on ""boodle"" night where everything is served directly on the (covered) table and you eat with your hands. Got the fried pork belly which was delicious - recommend the garlic rice upgrade. Also shared an order of lumpia and the eggplant appetizer with my friend. Awesome waitress Bailey introduced us to the Boodle way and I can't wait to come back, gotta save room next time for the ice cream sandwhich"
"This is a modern Filipino restaurant. There are only about a dozen tables in here, and the place was packed with people waiting.  I'm really glad that the people we were meeting up with reserved a table for us.  We had 8-10 people in our group, and we had a blast. The food service was excellent, and we were treated so well.
The food was brought out in stages. Our first round of food was Arroz caldo (Hot chicken and rice porridge): love it! The next thing to come out was the main meal. I ordered the Chicken Adobo Silog (Served with sunny side up egg, garlic fried rice, and side of arroz caldo). The chicken was marinated in a soy sauce, and it was slow cooked and very tender. The meal was fabulous and so tasty.  My taste buds went nuts over the flavor of this dish.
Everybody's food was picture perfect! My wife and I were taking pictures for Yelp and others at the table saw what we were doing and wanted to take pictures as well.  They shared them on social media.  We told them all about Yelp: the value of the app, what it does, and how helpful it is to us.
The food is a little on the pricey side, but for what you get it's totally worth it.  I really want to go back and try some of the brunch items as the reviews and pics on yelp look so tasty."
Yummy lechon. We also got the Filipino BBQ which was delicious. Great place if you're craving Filipino food!
I had been a long-time lurker on Bonifacio's social media accounts before I could convince a friend to try it out with me. The actual restaurant is unassuming- just a little place on a corner intersection in Grandview. The hostess was super helpful in guiding us through the menu and offering solid suggestions. I ordered the PYANGGANG. I wasn't entirely sure what to expect since my previous experience with Filipino food was limited. Man was I blown away!! I often find myself daydreaming about how perfectly cooked and moist and flavorful the chicken was. I was so stuffed from the huge portions of chicken and rice I barely got through half of it before asking for a box. I left and immediately texted some other friends to mandate we come back soon!!
"We came on a Sunday to try their brunch menu. The place was smaller than I imagined but there was plenty of seating (we came around 2pm). We were seated right away. 

I really liked the laid back vibe of this restaurant. The decor was cozy and simple. Our server was super friendly and took our order right away. He was sure to check up on us a couple times. 

We ended up getting a mango juice, black tea bubble tea, loganisa silog and a chicken adobo silog. I thought the silogs were a good deal since it also comes with chicken rice porridge. The portions were very decent for the price. Everything was cooked nicely and the meat was tender. 

The juice and bubble tea were not bad, but it tasted pretty standard. I would probably try a different drink next time-- their cocktails looked yummy!

I am looking forward to coming back to try their dinner and happy hour menu next time!"
"(Updated for COVID-19)

As it turns out, having a restaurant in an old fast food building can pay dividends during a pandemic.  More on this later.

More importantly, Bonifacio remains one of the best restaurants in Columbus, bar none.  Their interpretive take on Filipino food is absolutely spot-on, and more importantly, really delicious.  Previous to the pandemic, they had started doing Boodle Nights, a traditional Filipino dining experience where you eat with your hands, with all the food spread out on banana leaves on the table.  

Happily, thanks to Bonifacio's cleverness, you can recreate this experience in your own home.  They've been selling Boodle Night kits; you order here:  https://bonifacio614.square.site/s/order

The entree selections change every week, and you get two alcoholic drinks with your order (I recommend the pineapple gin mojito), and you can add-on additional items and dessert.  You select a day & pick-up time, and everything comes nicely packaged, along with banana leaves to set up the Boodle Night in your own home, and helpful (and hilarious) instructions to boot.

Which brings me back to my lead.  They've reactivated the old takeout window that they have on the backside of the restaurant (from it's previous existence as a Wendy's, I think); you pull into the takeout lane, queue up, and get your food handed through the window from a helpful server.

Excellent food, and no-contact pick-up.  What more could you possibly want in a pandemic?"
"I've been here twice now, both times for Boodle Night. 100% impressed. Boodle night is setup with banana leaves on the table, your food is placed directly on the leaves and you eat with your hands. It's a super fun experience. It is set up in a style of small plates so you order a ton of stuff and then dive in! I'm a novice at Filipino food I must say, as I have only had it here, but everything tasted fantastic. 
We tried: Balut (fertilized duck egg - tastes like chicken noodle soup honestly), BBQ Chicken, Fried Chicken Skins, Lumpiang (spring rolls), Longanisa (sausage), Sisig(steak & onions) as well as the eggplant, house slaw and bok choy.  The Lumpiang was my favorite and we ordered more - as well as the fried chicken skins. 

Great date night spot and a fun/interesting dining experience!"
AMAZING.  The food at Bonifacio is so flavorful, fresh, bright I feel like I am in the Philippines with the exception of the cold grey Columbus weather.   This chicken has hints of coconut, turmeric, lemon  grass.  It has the perfect char on the skin that brings it all together.    Cooked perfectly through while still delivering moist chicken.   Top 10 in my book.  I have eaten chicken all over the world and have enjoyed the variety of spices and flavors not typically found in the USA.   Make this a priority to check this place out and order the Pyanggaang Chicken Bone in.
Best Filipino food out in Columbus. I tried the lechon, ribs, and grilled pork meals with my family. Loved every bite of it. It was fresh and flavorful but also very filling! Also, you can order online and use the drive thru pickup which is very convenient.
"My first taste of Filipino food in Vancouver and it was phenomenal.

Parking in the back made for a cool experience, felt like we were walking into a home.  Passing through the kitchen made me hungrier than I already was.

Menus are short, well-organized, and pleasing to the eye.  

My girlfriend and I opted for the ""Epic Combo Two"" ($20) which featured 3 ""silogs"" and garlic rice.  The options for silogs were endless and it wasn't easy picking JUST 3:  Corned Beef, longanisa, & tocino.
All 3 were fantastic but the longanisa was especially interesting because I've never seen it prepared that way before.  Don't forget to ask for their ""Epic Vinegar"" made in-house.

I was also impressed that you are able to choose how you want your eggs prepared. We got them poached and not only were they shaped perfectly, they were also cooked very well.  

LECHON KAWALI POUTINE! ($15)
I came to Canada anxious to trying authentic poutine, and although this is nowhere near authentic, it exceeded my expectations.  The Lechon Kawali was perfect, fries were crisp on the outside, soft on the inside, the gravy wasn't too salty and the cheese curds held together very nicely.  

Service was great.  We were greeted and seated immediately and our server (who seemed to be the owner) was very friendly, helpful, and offered amazing recommendations.  If we weren't so full, we would've went for their mouth-watering desserts.

It's too bad they don't have something like this in NYC. *   *"
"Out of all Filipino Silog places, this should  definitely be your top choice compared to Max's..Kulinarya in Coquitlam comes second. 

I ordered the Combo where you get to pick 2 silog options - where I went for Corned Beef + Bangus (fried milkfish). I was going to go for Lechon Kawali (deep fried pork belly) but they had sold out of it. I went on a Monday so it's understandable that they probably ran out in the weekend.

The corned beef was pretty good, probably used Pure Foods which is an expensive import of corned beef from the Philippines. The milkfish was bony but given by how you eat the milkfish, it's bones are thin enough that you can just eat it without picking them out. Their house vinegar was awesome too. The portion in relation to the price is I think too small. I think portion can be bigger on the silogs, the corned beef was probably about 4 spoonfuls. Looking at the lechon kawali in pictures, it looks like the portion is a little tiny for the price as well. Spent almost $17 because of the +$1 on the milk fish not including tax.

Place was empty because I went in around Monday 1 PM. Service was prompt and the lone waitress was very accommodating. During the time I got to my good the place was already starting to get crowded. I will definitely be back but only when I am around the area."
SOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOD! Be prepared to line up- this place is popular for very good reason. The pork belly is TO DIE FOR. Get one of their Silogs, you won't regret it.
Great food but be prepared to wait for a very long time for it. Don't come here hungry or else you'll feel angry when they finally serve your food. Come with time to spare.
Diner style Filipino food with a variety of traditional style meats.  Have the options of Canadian breakfast and Silog Combos. We came here after everyone raves about it as well as family living close by.  Unfortunately our rice was over cooked and over fried to the point that they were hard and crunchy. Not the nice texture to be chewing on and rice constantly getting stuck in your teeth. Overall was an average experience and nothing memorable
Found this place driving around killing time, and so glad I did! Food was so fresh and tasty! And service was so friendly and efficient. Family owned and run which gives it a very cozy vibe. Apparently gets pretty busy on weekends for brunch but when I went for lunch, it wasn't too bad. Parking is street parking only I think? But on a nice day you can park a bit further and enjoy a nice walk in the area!
"In need of a really EPIC breakfast for a morning pick-me-up or hangover cure? ""Silogs"" (a portmanteau of the Tagalog words for ""rice"" & ""egg"") are an amazingly hearty and satisfying Filipino breakfast combo where you can have your eggs cooked any way you want, a healthy serving of garlic fried rice, and the option to pick one, two, or even three dishes! 

At Epic Grill Silogs, they have a HUGE selection of meats you can choose from and combine together for one meal. Can't choose between spam & corned beef? Just get both! Craving their fried pork belly and chicken wings? Then it sounds like we'll get along really well! 

I have been coming here every once in a while whenever the inevitable silog cravings hit, or when Filipino food-loving visitors are in town...and they are always a huge hit! The interior is a low-key diner feel, which some retro, round & red stools by the front counter, and rusty orange tables & chairs. The only big critique is that their service has been consistently very sluggish. The service is always nice, and they check in enough times to let us know they didn't forget about us - however the turnaround time to get the silogs out have always needed a lot of work.

As long as you're not in a huge rush, Filipinos and non-Filipinos alike will feel right at home here."
Epic Silogs is my favorite restaurant in the Vancouver metro. There's something about family owned restaurants that just feels right. Staff is friendly, and the environment gives this classic diner feel with a Filipino vibe. And the food is amazing! They seriously make the best Silogs (traditional Filipino breakfast/brunch with fried garlic rice, eggs, and meat). I love the tapa (sweet beef) and longganisa (sausage) dishes, but the milk fish should not be ignored. But their top item has to be the poutine with fried pork belly on top. That dish alone is enough reason to come here. They also serve the traditional Filipino desserts which are quite tasty. Do yourself a favor and visit this place.
We went here in hope to try the pistashio sans rival cake but they sold out because it seems like they only make one a day and a customer bought the whole cake. We had the cashew sans rival instead and it was just as good! The silog were good as well. We enjoyed the beef a bit more than the milkfish. For those who don't like picking out fish bones i recommend not to order the milkfish because it still had quite a lot even though the menu said it was boneless. Agree with other reviews that the wait is pretty long.  It took almost an hour for our order to come....so make sure you are not starving before you come here and make sure you are prepared to have 2 hours to dine at least. Overall, food was good, but just wish service was much faster.
"Love for the motherland. Love for this Epic family.

Located in among houses in Queensborough, this Filipino diner style place is like going to one of my Tita's (Aunt) houses.

We both had the Longsilog (Longanisa sausage, eggs, garlic rice). Simple, filling, good. But the real stars are their desserts.

Peeking around it seemed like almost every table ordered dessert. I got up to look at the dessert board and popped eyes when I saw the words ""UBE MILKSHAKE"". But the ice cream man didn't make his delivery yet. Temptations.

We settled for a huge cross section of their ube log cake, topped with coconut string (macapuno). Moist, and ube forward, the woman who made it smiled at me. ""I made that. You better call me for any event you need a cake"". It wasn't a question.

Pinoy pride."
"Pro -  if you want to eat "" tapasilog,""(tapa/fried rice/eggs) , I recommend this joint. Tapa was good not too sweet but a hint sweetness with acidity and pepper. We ordered tapasilog with daing Bangus  it was good. Fried garlic rice was very good too. Crispy pata was too  small and late but the taste was very good. The presentation was very nice . I had ube sans rival was surprisingly okay. I thought they will serve from Goldilocks but they made their one  nice touch. 

Con - parking was hard. We had street parking but maybe they can rent/buy their space for costumers because they have lots ‍ need more tables and chairs to serve their growing costumers ...

Final words - this joint is very good if you want Filipino ""Silog"""
Awesome restaurant in New West for Filipino dishes, especially the popular silogs which are so delicious, as well as their desserts from ube and pandan flans to sansrival cake. Just a little hassle with parking as theirs limited parking space.
"We've been coming here for a few years now and it's never failed us when we get the silog craving! Everything is homemade, even down to the desserts! It's a ""mom and pop"" run restaurant and the owners are the chef and front house. The entire family helps out which makes this place feel even more homey. My fave go-to is the lechon silog, but everything is DELICIOUS!"
"If you've never had silogs, you're missing out! This traditionally  Filipino breakfast dish is the epitome of comfort food for many Filipinos, myself included!

Epic Grill Silogs offers a variety of silogs that were so new to me, even though it made soo much sense! (Lechon Silog, Chicken Wings silog, ohh yesss!). A SILOG basically comprises of garlic fried rice (SInangag), 2 eggs (itLOG), and meat of your choice. Put all those together, and you are in for a delicious meal!

The restaurant was very busy the day we went, with a wait time of 30+ minutes for our food, but the service was good and the lady at the cashier even refilled our Sago beverage for free. The food was delicious and satisfying! Would definitely be coming back here for more comfort Filipino food. But be aware of garlic breath hehe."
This place reminds me of your friendly neighbor hood diner back home. They offer breakfast , lunch or brunch . But they seem to be very busy early am when they open as mostly come for their famous breakfast. The variety of egg type entree paired with garlic rice is the main reason why customers come to dine in. They also have popular Filipino desserts which again brings back memories from home.
"I've heard good things about Epic Grill Silogs and was I glad to drop by!

We came for brunch on a Saturday and got lucky there was only one group ahead of us in the line. 

Service may be a bit slow, but the food is definitely worth the wait! Even though the food was 'combo' style, it seemed as if each item in my plate was prepared by the order. Staff were nice and quick to attend to our needs. They were also patient with our questions about the menu!

The savoury tapa (beef jerky), smoky tinapa (smoked fish), chewy dried squid, and crispy dried biya, served together with friend egg and well-made garlic rice, make for a delightful meal! As a picky fried-egg eater, I appreciate that they are willing to cook the fried egg according to my preference.

Authentic to taste, absolutely delicious! I look forward to going back here and trying out other items in the menu!"
"I came here on a Saturday afternoon with 2 friends and the place was packed and waited a good 30 mins to get a seat. The place is a bit small and seems like it would be difficult for larger groups. 

The menu features various different combination of Silogs. I decided to go with the epic Silog combo (2 different meats) and get the tapa (beef) and longonisa (pork sausage). It took a long time to get our food, about 30 mins or so. Finally got my dish and was good serving. I got extra rice thinking I'd need more but this one came with at least 2 cups. The whole dish itself was delicious! I could have eaten the garlic fried rice on its own. Unfortunately I didn't get dessert but they had some that looked yummy too like the ube leche flan.

Overall, I enjoyed the food at epic silog, unfortunately it took way too long to get seated and to get our food. Might be more worth it to just get take out (not sure if they offer this). It would also be nice if they had a shop in Vancouver to make it more accessible"
Dorothy the owner & the family are very nice .Family ran business they work very hard..the menu here for breakfast is awesome.The tables ,furniture and the floor needs some renovations but other than that this place is clean.it is a hole in the wall establishment so all you foodie critics take it easy on the review as if you are looking for ambiance this is not your place..but if you want good eats this is the place. $10-$14 combosis your best choice here...keep up the good work Ms Dorothy......
"When my cousin told me this place was a hole in the wall, he really meant it. We pulled up to a random parking spot, entered through an unmarked door in the back and walked through the kitchen. The chalkboard menus were cute, and they were well organized. They have laminated menus as well now! The whole place was very comfortable, and the owner/host was very hospitable (as Filipinos usually are). 

My boyfriend and I shared the Epic Combo that allowed us to choose 3 meats with our garlic rice and eggs. We went with the longanisa, tocino, and corned beef but they have a lot more options! The longanisa is house made, so it was different from the ones I've usually had. Still great though! Everything went well with their signature vinegar on top! I'm stating to crave it again as I write this. 

We also ordered a lechon kawali poutine for the table - how unique! Crispy fries, melty cheese, savory lechon kawali and addicting gravy, what could go wrong?"
"Great food, friendly staff, lots of flavour, and little flare. 

I went here for a mid week solo brunch. I've driven by a few times and researched it online but it took me a bit to get in the door. All I i can say is I wish I had gone in sooner. How did this little gem sneak by me for so long? 

I had a Silog (fried rice w/eggs any way, mine over easy) and accompanied it with their beef jerky (thin grilled marinated beef) and lechon (crispy pork belly). All in, including my coffee, was  just over $18. 

The Staff was great assisting me as I didn't know  the food to well, even the chief came out when I questioned about the different sauces on the plate. If you mush know one was a Lechon sauce, looks like brown gravy tastes like some concentrated umami porkyness cut with a tangy vinegar; the other was more like chilli fish sauce w vinegar. 

Before writing all this I had given it a four star in my head due to the very rustic cafe feel. I decided to up it to five as I believe my experience wouldn't have been the same if it were dressed up in the usual Vancouver flare. The family run cafe feel suits this neighbourhood and my belly just fine. 

Happy eating"
Been here a few times, it's our local breakfast place. The food is really solid. I've ordered both silogs and American breakfast and always enjoyed both. The pancakes on the American are always super fluffy. The decor is old but the place is clean and the food is decent   My only gripe is that it seems hard to get a burger here. We've tried to order one at 12 and been told they're not ready to cook yet.. not sure why. Either way it's a solid place.
"Every time we come up to Columbus I always go to Chuchay's. I actually found San Miguel lite there. I can't find that anywhere. Mama loads up on her Grayson-Famous Lumpia ingredients too. 
I even got some cheap Columbus BJ merchandise and LeBron stuff (for Mama). 
Good people!"
Awesome, authentic Filipino store. They have everything you could want and a little bit more in typical Filipino fashion. Great place to grab a beer, wine or just a snack as well! Kuya is always there to help you out! My family loves this place!
My late wife would sometimes get food there, and it was always good. Now, when I want something good that I did not learn to cook from her, I  grab it there. It's good to have a Filipino spot around with that homemade taste to the food; so glad they are here. It's worth ordering from them, you'll be glad you did.
"Love that they've got a Filipino store in town! And it's nice seeing other Filipinos around. Totally didn't know there were any in Columbus.

They've got longanisa, siopao, and lots of your favorite snacks!

Must be family-owned as I saw kids behind the counter.

Service was nice too!! The guy (maybe the father) informed us there is a restaurant  behind it so we went to check it out!!

Parking is no issue as it's right out front. Not hard to find and not far from the highway!

Prices are more than in the Philippines but this is America. I appreciate them being here so much!"
Great service such nice people working there.  It's nice I don't have to go all the way to the other side of town for asian items.  I am Filipino living in Westerville and I love how I can always find what I need at your store.
"What a great find!
If you're looking for some ingredients, snacks, baked goods, anything from the motherland that you miss, you'll probably find it here. Seriously, it's a convenience store, restaurant and bakery all in one.
The people are very friendly and very helpful. Salamat, po!

Have your mask ready just like anyone else that goes into the store. Don't be like this asshole-Caucasian male, about 5'11-6'2, 45-50 years old, glasses, smug look on his face, with a Filipino Auntie that has to have an attitude just because the business owner asked if he had a mask on. Probably mad because he can't have sisig."
Stopped in next door to Ian's Bistro for dinner. The owner suggested that we head next door, and look around at his sisters grocery store while we waited for our food to be cooked. It was a fun time walking around this international grocery store, and seeing all of the different foods that they had available. There were frozen, refrigerated, and dry goods most of which I had never heard of or seen before. I am totally open to new and exciting foods from around the world. We only stayed for a few minutes as it didn't take very long for our food to be made. Next time I'm in the area I'll be sure to stop in and do some actual shopping, can't wait!
Although the service is not overly impressive, they make it up with amazing amazing food. And the price is extremely affordable. They serve you a lot of food,  and the place is clean compared to a lot of Asian restaurants in the area. I ordered the tapsilog and my hubby had the bistek. Will come back here again for sure! 5 stars on the food and 3 on the service so I'm giving them an overall score of 4.
My go to place for Filipino Food. Their Kare-Kare with bagoong, and talong are my faves.  Everything is delicious though. Love the halo halo and Leche flan! This is a family owned business and it's really cute  when you see the owners family there. They're very kind, friendly,  and genuine. The prices are great and flavors are authentic. It feels like home in the PI here.
This place was pretty good. The kare kare is amazing. I'm Filipino and have plenty of aunts and cousins who cook filipino dishes. And I've had my fair share of kare kare, and I would have to say this was quite delicious. The Palabok was ok. I did not enjoy the lumpia sariwa however. The veggies seemed overcooked. This however does not mean that this isn't a good restaurant. I would definitely come back. Would love to try their breakfast. The restaurant itself is simple. Kind of hole in the wallish feel to it. And that I just fine with me. The staff was super friendly. Mabuhay.
"For those who prefer hole-in-the-wall restaurants, this one is outstanding and spotlessly clean.  Hole-in-the-wall is a compliment in my book, no pretensions, food served quickly and graciously.
The staff -- just one person when we were there -- was exceptionally friendly but not intrusive.  And charmed as I was with the Filipino channel on the TV, she graciously turned the volume down when I asked.
The food was a Filipino treat, delicious and very crisp egg rolls and tender pork served in a luscious sauce.  The beef dish was tough but the tasty sauce made up for it.
The woman who served us, probably the owner, must be like the Filipina ""aunties"" that my Filipino friends rave about.  She treats you like family.
We'll be going back often."
"Going back a few years, I had noticed this place driving past on the rare occasions we had to head out Foster, and it was on my list to try. I had enjoyed a great pre-Thanksgiving Filipino meal down in the Bay Area and wanted to believe we had access to the same quality up here but couldn't quite expect it with the relatively smaller Filipino community. Then I heard somewhere (probably here, come to think of it) that it was beloved by actual Filipinos and not just Americans who had visited and wanted to remember the real thing. So we made a trip specifically to try it, and we were blown away. Good rice, crispy fried fish, insane shrimp-paste pink coconut milk curries...What's not to like?

Then we mentioned how good it was to our friend Amado - you know him, Yelpers - and he agreed to come with us and see if it lived up to his mama's/aunties' cooking. Of course the answer is no, but it's good enough he not only goes back but takes his family there when they're in town. He also helped introduce us to some great traditional dishes we probably wouldn't have tried without his influence. Over a few visits now I've gone much deeper into this cuisine than I would have thought possible in rainy Portland. I'm so glad this place is here!

Things I loved: ginataang laksa (the green beans are good too, but get the jackfruit), tokwa't baboy, dinuguan (read Kristen's explanation below, but believe me it's great), fried whole fish (I think it was tilapia)

Things that were delicious but not must-haves: pancit, sinigang (I had shrimp), lechon kawali, adobo, kare-kare

Other stuff was good too, but those were the standouts I found. I'm not a halo-halo person, but those who are will probably like the one they find here.

You'll do better to order for the table and share; they make lunch specials but it's just not as interesting to only have one thing. This is salty cooking, so order and use the rice to soak up the flavorful sauces. Looking at those lists I made, my favorites seem to be dishes that balance the salt with some other strong flavor, but you'll want a variety for sure. Big group dining is the way they do it in the Philippines and it works best here too."
"This is the best Filipino restaurant in Portland that we've tried so far. My personal favorite are their Lechon Kawali, Kare Kare Beef, Pancit Canton. I've yet to try other dish from the menu. 

I've had their Sago Gulaman drink which was ok, and their dinuguan is good too, but the strong ginger taste is not for me. My husband liked it though. 

We'll be regulars in this restaurant since we just moved in the area."
The food was very good.  I loved my halo halo dessert/drink, delicious.  I love supporting places like these that are run by families in the local area.  Don't listen to the Californian.
"Food was awesome! 

Milk fish was great, lumpia was super yummy, & the Red Horse was ice cold! Plus they have ube ice cream and pan de ube! 

Definitely will be back! 

Took 1 star off for location, bad area."
Got to have lunch here today. I ordered the pancit bihon/canton mix ( excellent), Shanghai Lumpia (good), fresh Lumpia (decent), puto (excellent). Excellent customer service. Will definitely return. Well recommended!
"Filipino food in PDX!  We were in SE PDX when we chanced upon Tambayan.

The location. decor, ambience and food presentation was not much to write home about.  But, the food was great!

Today, we had the Pinakbet: sautéed String Beans, Shrimp Paste (Bagoong), Bitter Melon, Squash, Okra, and Pork.  Ginataan Lanka: Green Jackfruit, Coconut Cream with Pork and Shrimp. and the Porl Adobo.

The Pork Adobo was spot on - really, really delicious.  The Vegetarian dishes were well made with fresh ingredients.

i'm looking forward to try their other offerings including the Dinuguan, Lechon Kawali and the Kare Kare."
"As the sign said  authentic  Filipino  food.
Taste great  and too friendly  like all Filipino I meet .  Why just 5 the place need some decor or something but food is great."
"I haven't been here awhile. Ownership has changed but the food is still awesome. They have kept the same menu and the price of the food is now in comparison with the rest of the economy considering that these are home cooked food.
Kudos and more power to you. Mabuhay!!"
My mom has some competition now that i found this place! Haha, the halo is to die for
I've been in Vancouver for 4 years and just recently looked for Filipino restaurant around the area and found this joint in Portland and I'm so happy I get to try it and I've been here 3 times within 2 months I enjoyed all the food we ordered and it feels like home! I'm sure I'll try everything in the menu eventually and I can't wait to bring more friends so they can try our Filipino food plus desserts! The service is great really friendly and always have that smile on their face. I wish appetizers comes first not all at once, and hopefully they add more options in the menu!
We live in Seattle.  We visited Portland and someone suggested Tambayan.  We only had pancit palabok and  halo halo and they were both good.  We wanted to order other items on the menu as they all sounded yummy.  Prices were cheap.  The downside is that you have to be prepared to wait.  Service was excruciatingly slow which didn't make a whole lot of sense since the food we ordered were just quick orders.  We arrived about 1:30 p.m. but we didn't get served until after 3 p.m.  :(  We'll probably visit again but I do hope they get better in the service dept. the next time we're there.
OMG, laing is the most amazing food in the world, better than Hawaiian squid luau. Garlic rice is amazing. Chicken adobo hits the spot. All their food tastes so homemade... just right. When all other Asian food starts tasting the same as soy sauce, I go to Tambayan for something different.
Im tempted to give it 5 stars..yes...really.  I suppose there's always room for improvement in anything.  They are now open for lunch Wed- Sun. This is a small operation, family operation restaurant and the food is authentic and truly homemade.  I was raised on Filipino food for 18 years and it wasn't until I got in college did I realize there were other types of foods.  I know Filipino food.  Nice and friendly staff.  They were patient with our anak (little girl).  Highly recommend the Bistek Tagalog and Pancit Canton/Bihon.  My cousin (also filipino) had the classic filipino breakfeast, longanisa and eggs over garlic friend rice.  We took one bite and knew we found a place to take our parents when they visit.  Highly recommend this place.  Prices decent.  Dessert was great as well.  Just drink water....for those that know filipino food...always salty..always tasty.
Filipino foods never have a set recipe. Every family's dish taste different from the next. But tambayan does every dish right. We order family style every time we come here to get the plates you can not get anywhere else here in Portland. As authentic as it can get, and this comes from a true Filipino, not someone who just knows a Filipino person or dated some flip way back when and ate their moms cooking.
"You don't have to be Filipino to appreciate the food here, I just so happen to be first generation. The food is good. I've been here twice and both times left pleased. 
They have the classics, adobo a braised meat dish high in vinegar and often times varies in sweetness, kare-kare a peanut sauce stew best with oxtail, sinigang basically a sour soup, pancit a noodle dish and lechon deep fried pork belly (my personal favorite). They also do more unique dishes like dinuguan a special sauce (pigs blood) stew and langka made with jack fruit ginger and coconut milk. They make things pretty authentic and they do it well.
The first time I dined here a woman was singing Hotel California on their karaoke machine, and I knew I was home. I believe this is a family run place, nana (grandma) was bussing tables in between napping, doesn't get any more family than that. When you try Tambayan order a few things family style have a San Miguel and save room for some halo-halo or house made flan."
"Don't let anyone who isn't Filipino or hasn't grown up around Filipinos and their food convince you that this place is bad. Lol. *referring to the reviews* 

The looks of the place makes you feel like you're at Lola's house. And the food is just as bomb as Lola's. And who doesn't love going to Lola's and going in on her food. 

Lumpia, good.
Sinigang, good.
Dinuguan, good.
Halohalo, good. 

I'm not originally from the PNW and there's almost no Filipinos in Portland. we go here to feel at home and eat some bomb food and if never disappoints."
I thought the food was great but the amount of food that you get for the price is a little over priced. The flavor was good enough coming from a Filipino family.
"Bumber, I'm not sure if the cook changed or they didn't have the ingredients for the dinuguan ( blood meat) but we had to ask if it was adobo because there was maybe two table spoons of blood in the dish.
The lumpia I ordered looked like a crepe with cabage, dikon radish and carrots in it with peanut butter on top.
Last time we went we ordered Halo Halo, but we're afraid to chance it because of the dinner. Sorry guys, but we left bummed out."
Very friendly people. We ordered Kare Kare Oxtail, Dinuguan, Sinigang na Baboy, Lechon Kawali, and of course Halo Halo. Everything was delicious. The only thing for us was the portions. Being from CA, we're used to bigger portions served at the restaurants in CA. But overall, we will definitely come back here if ever we visit Portland, again.
Love this place! Real home made Filipino food. You guys should open a chain near Beaverton =)
"Tambayan is a bit confusing.

it seems most is deep fried.
the deep fried pork belly is delicious.
the milkfish is fishy.
the kare kare peanut that others rave about was not impressive to me.

so i'm not sure if it's me not being a huge fan of filipino food or just not being amazed by Tambayan."
"We went to Tambayan for the second time.  And in the interest of full disclosure, my wife is Filipino although she has no relationship with this business.  So why disclose?  Because I'm incorporating her feedback as well, and she's a pretty harsh critic when it comes to her home cuisine.

In short, this is genuine ""Fipino home cooking"" like from your mom's house (her words).

This place has impressed. One review mentioned it was meat centric, and that it is--in that sense it's very representative of what it should be. Our favorites? If you like noodles, a great choice here is the pancit bihon, a gently stir- fried rice noodle dish with veggies (mainly cabbage and celery) and chicken.  It's mild, and a great but light starch dish for those who may want an alternative to the more ubiquitous rice. Wheat noodle variations are available as well.

For straight up meat, adobo is what usually comes to mind in this cuisine.  Oddly enough we've never tried it here since my wife's family version is radically different, and we prefer to try other things when we're here. Sorry!

For appetizers, there are the usual selection of fresh and fried rolls, among other things.Their Shangai (fried) rolls are tasty. Crunchy, not too oily.  We also had the sariwa, about the only thing we've tried there that we were not huge fans of. 

A classic dish is the crispy pata, a decadent deep fried pork shank.  Healthy option? Probably not.  But sinfully good? You bet.  The dipping sauce adds the right amount of seasoning and acid, the meat is tender and the skin perfectly crunchy. 

The oxtail kare-kare is an interesting take on stewed oxtails, with a peanut based sauce and veggies--one of the only ways I enjoy eggplant.  Beef kare-kare is similar only with chunks of beef rather than the oxtails.

Nilagang baboy is a tasty pork and veggie soup.  Perfect for a chilly day!  

If you're into adventure, look no further than the dinuguuan, a pork blood stew.  This version is mild, and lacks the crushing metallic richness that some other versions have.  It has chunks of pork in a thicker style sauce, and it's slight pepperiness adds just the right amount of tang to the dish.

And last but not least, desserts here reflect more Filipino classics. The leche flan and halo-halo (think a very revved up version of Hawaiian shave ice, with more flavor and richness without being crazy) are spot on.  Nothing better than halo-halo on a hot day!

Downsides? The service is not blitzkrieg fast. Super friendly, yes, speedy, no. This is a family place, so don't think you'll be in and out in 20 minutes. 

All in all, if you don't like this place, it means you aren't a fan of this cuisine.  There it is. But if you want a break from the Asian mainstays (Chinese, Thai, Vieynamese, etc) done authentically, give this place a shot."
Hands down the BEST Filipino food in Portland! Cindy does the cooking and is amazing! Staff is all very nice and are family. Try Longanisa or fried chicken with garlic rice- less than 10 bucks!
Feels just like home. I love everything about this place. The food is what you would expect your Lola to cook at home. Definitely comfort food for me since I recently moved to Portland. This is definitely now my go to place for Filipino food. Will be back soon.
Kailangan ko ng pagkain .
We stopped in with some friends. This was our second time to this restaurant. We wanted to bring our friends to try some very authentic Filipino food. We started with the Shanghai Rolls (which we consider to be Lumpia). They were very tasty and very authentic. For our main course we ate family style and had Dinuguan, Pork Adobo, Pancit Bihon, Bangus, Kare-Kare Oxtail, Longanisa, and Puto (they do not always have this). Everything was delicious and very authentic. They served the dishes with plenty of rice. If you like Filipino food you will love this place. Our friends having never tried Filipino really liked the Lumpia, Pancit Bihon, Longanisa and Pork Adobo, but did not dislike anything. I would highly recommend the restaurant and all of these dishes to anyone. Less adventurous may want to avoid the Diuguan, Bangus and Ox Tail, but the others are fairly common ingredients. The prices are fair, the food is good and the service is friendly. I will definitely go back for more when I am in the area. By the way - I am a Filipino Food aficionado!
"Delicious, AUTHENTIC, Filipino food, with an amazingly friendly staff and owner.

Generous portions, many dish options. So scrumptious. I can't wait to go back and try more!

And remember it is family style, so bring everyone along :)"
"Menudo was great (disappointed there were no garbonzo beans in it tho)
Pancit Palobok was average
Shanghai Lumpia was a bit small but tasty.
Halo-Halo was spot on! 
Can't wait to go back and try more!"
I just had the chicken combo and boy am I glad I did! I haven't had fried chicken this good since my grandma cooked it for me in 1983. The tenderness and flavor of this dish could be likened to a profound symphonic experience, or an amazing journey! I will certainly be returning for this great value.
I grew up eating Filipino food, so my expectations were high.  Although the food has a different taste than some dishes that I am used to, the dishes were very delicious!  The portions are big and service (although somewhat slow paced) was friendly.  Will definitely be coming back here!
"They make very tasty chicken adobo with pancit noodles! And you should try Halo-Halo, it is better than a regular ice cream!!! 
Great place to try authentic Philippine food in Portland!"
This place have plenty of Filipino food choices. We had halo-halo2x and gulaman, taste like home. The service is fast and servers are friendly.  We will be coming back when we get that direction again
"Filipino cuisine is one that I'm hoping to add under my belt of foods I love. This is easy because I love a lot of food.
My knowledge of Filipino foods is pretty basic (chicken adobo, lumpia, halo-halo, and some others) so I was really excited to try out Tambayan Restaurant.

We went here on a Friday night around 7 and the place was filled with 2 other tables and another group of older Filipinos came while we were there (sweet! if Filipino people eat here...it's gotta be good!)
We ordered the lechon kawali, pancit palabow, and a side of garlic fried rice. 
The lechon was everything I hoped it would be. Fatty, unctuous, crispy, porky. A plate comes with 6 or 7 generous chunks of deep fried pork (80% fat to 20% meat) and a small dish of sauce that wasn't explained. My preferred eating was straight with some shots of a seemingly homemade concoction of vinegar, peppers, and coconut.
The pancit dish was good, if not a little heavy along with the lechon. The sauce had a goopy texture (in a good way) and was studded with all sorts of yummy egg and pork bits. One order of garlic fried rice was more than enough for 2 people but I wasn't too impressed with this dish. It is exactly what it says it is...rice that's been fried with generous garlic pieces. 

To top it off, we split a halo-halo and I was more than satisfied. It had all the good components I like: beans, coconut jelly, good shaved ice, leche flan.
The service was good, you can definitely tell this is a family run restaurant and it's nice to support businesses like these. Next time I hope to be a little more adventurous and maybe find a better balance of dishes since our meal was pretty heavy."
One of the only Filipino restaurants in Portland proper, yet also the best there is! For homesick Filipinos or even Angelino natives, if you want good Filipino food, go to Tambayan. Their house tocino is like nothing else!
Reading these reviews is why Portland will never have more Filipino restaurants.  If you love Filipino food then it is worth the trip.  .  Everyone knows it's never gonna be like how mom used to make it but Tambayan Is as if Auntie made it.  Don't let any of these bad reviews talk out of trying Tamabayan.
Late in writing my review but the food is still the best. Love the logsilog dish!!!! The garlic rice is on point!!! Can't forget the shanghi rolls
I'm Filipino who is visiting Portland. This place rocks. Excellent authentic Filipino food.
I don't know why Filipino restaurants haven't caught on. More people need to know about Filipino food so that there is a market base of Filipino food. This is a humble restaurant. The food, however, is authentic Filipino food. We had the Dinuguan, Mongo, Sinigang na Hipon, and Halo halo. I was sad there wasn't any Sisig, maybe next time. The tastes weren't overpowering... maybe a bit mild... but the Halo halo was so excellent!
"I came here for the first time with my Filipino boyfriend and didn't really know what to expect. But it was delicious. He was very very satisfied and said it was super comforting.

We had: San Miguel beers (dark), kare kare with oxtail, pancit malabon, and of course lechon. And we finished the meal with yummy halo halo....epically delicious :) we were one happy couple after"
"ooooh tambayan, i loooooove you!

i have to admit, i tried filipino food in los angeles, and wasn't crazy about it.   i wanted to give it another shot though!  we got a groupon, and decided to try tambayan because we had heard such great things about it.

man, am i glad we went!  EVERY single thing we ordered was amazing!

we had a clear broth pork soup with veggies, and shanghai rolls to start.  both  were awesome, we cleared our plates.  haha!  

more food came out- we got a beef kare-kare.  it's kind of like a beef stew with a delicate peanut sauce.  never had anything like it before, and i loved it. 

everything felt homey, and the service was attentive and nice.  we really felt like we had an authentic experience and look forward to going back to try different things.  we saw some food come out for other tables, and it looked just as cool as what we ordered.  

everyone in the restaurant was clearing their plates, just like us.  hehe.  :)  

come hungry, and order family style so you can try a lot of dishes!  it's totally worth it.  and don't be shy about asking for recommendations!"
We had a very good time with the casual atmosphere and found a very authentic Filipino style menu. The service was so very kind and the food was legit filipino. They also serve a very good Halo Halo which is fun, but A lot of desert for one person. We will return next time traveling through PDX
Had adobo chicken with rice, adobo pork and shanghai lumpia eggrolls with a slightly spicy sweet and sour sauce. All were good, service was fast and friendly.
"Went here with my mom who is from the P.I. Sampled the lumpia and the lechon.
Both were delicious. Service was quick and courteous. Definitely will be back if I can't make it out to my mom's."
The best dinoguan, pansit and more..Yummm
As soon as you walk in this place, there is a warm welcoming feeling. The place is clean and pleasant to the eyes. The owner is very friendly, the staff provides you with attention that goes well after you have paid the bill. The food is great. I liked the lumpia for appetizer. They have extensive menu that makes your appetite comes roaring. At the end of the meal, finish it up with halo-halo. Yum! What a treat!  5 stars to this place!
Went here with a friend. The food was okay... Ordered white rice with the sausages and it was dry as in I've had better. But the halo halo dessert was delicious. So far customer service was great and it's nice that its family run business.
"I have been craving some good Filipino food that tastes similar to what I normally eat back in Hawaii and I have the hardest time finding it.

Ordered Lechon Kawali and Pancit and to my disappointment, it didn't taste nor look anything like how it is back at home :( Then again, everyone has a different way of preparing food.

The staff was super friendly but I think the AC was in shut down mode because it was pretty muggy inside.  I went on a Sunday so the parking lot to the left was available but normally I don't think that's for the restaurant. If I were to go back, I would definitely try something else.

If someone knows of somewhere that makes Lechon Kawali (fried pork belly w/ tomatoes and onions), please hit me up and shoot me a location.  Other than that, I'll probably try and make my own. 

Just another FYI... this is [my own opinion]. Everyone has a different taste/feel on things so to find out for yourself, try it.  When you do, remember to Post it! Good luck!"
The only Filipino eatery I know of on the East side!  Reminds me of home.  Glad I found this place.  Try the fried chicken.
I've eaten at many different Filipino restaurants over the years and Tambayan is definitely at the top of my list. On top of all of the amazing dishes we tried, the customer service and warm friendly treatment from the waitstaff is top notch! We had a great time! My pregnant wife is such a picky eater and she also loved it here! I had a good conversation with the owner about the portland real estate market and all of the exciting changes hapenning in our city. We left feeling almost like part of the family lol. I'm definitely bringing my kids by Tambayan Soon!
"I am so grateful to have this place on the east side of the river!!  I went to Tambayan today with the boy and although they were closed at five and we got there 10 past the hour (their hours have changed so just watched out), they still seated us.  We ordered the lumpiang Shanghai, beef kare-kare, tinolang manok, and a halo-halo to go.  

This was my date's first encounter with real filipino food and he LOVED everything, even dotting his plate with bagoong (fermented shrimp paste) with his kare-kare (an adventurous step for many Western eaters).  The tinola was sooooooo delicious and garlicky, balanced perfectly with ginger.  I was seriously transported back to many family dinners back in Hawaii and almost cried. Kare-kare was my date's favorite.  Although we definitely were not rushed out of the restaurant, we took halo-halo to go which was the perfect sweet ending to a really delicious meal. Don't miss out on that one!

They lost a star on the lumpiang Shanghai because it had a weird aftertaste as if the oil that had been used was old. Granted, it was probably because we were the last customers in there (along with another party that made to-go orders).  Also, the hours were confusing and although accommodating, they hadn't changed their hours online, on the doors, or the menus.  

Don't let the simple decor and store front fool you---there are some delicious things happening at Tambayan!  Support this little business so they can stay open later! :)"
"OoOo Filipino food! When my friend and I go on trips, we like to check out the local Filipino cuisines. Thanks to yelp we tried out this place. They offer a wide variety of options from silogs to sinigang to lumpias to Filipino desserts. What I like about this place is that they cook to order. It isn't food that has been sitting out all day. It's also awesome how they have your Asian flavoring in handy such as fish sauce.

I would rate this place 3.5 mainly because of service. It was empty when we dined here. They were friendly and attentive on how we were doing in the beginning. Towards the end, we felt like they had forgotten about us. 

Besides that, it was a great experience. If you are looking for Filipino food, they have great options. Definitely worth a try!"
"Filipino is a cuisine I do not have a lot of experience with, which made me very excited to try Tambayan. That and a great recommendation from a Filipino friend.

It was O.K. I got pork adobo and it was good (and this is probably standard, but was just a bowl of meat, we got rice on the side of course, but I kind of thought there'd be something else). Wife got a seafood tamarind soup and it was not good...basically taste like vinegar and jalapeno. Got the chicken noodle soup for the kids and it worked just fine.

The place was absolutely dead, one other group when we got there, and one guy coming in as we left. It was lunch on a Saturday...since they had signs everywhere that they are ""now open for lunch"", I'd give them the benefit of the doubt.

Probably should have taken note of reviews about pork belly and getting specials...I still want to give it another shot, but will have to go with someone else as I know the wife won't want to go back."
There will always be a variety of ways to cook Filipino food but I'm very pleased that they cook the way I want them to taste. Their price is reasonable and servings are right. I don't remember paying extra for rice but if I did it won't surprise me as I have paid for them in other Asian places before. My family's definitely going back again and again.
Stopped by here, was in the mood for some good Filipino food.  It was okay, not the fresh 'off the boat' vibe I was hoping for, the atmosphere is a bit run down and empty feeling.  I haven't been to a lot of Filipino places in Portland, seems hard to find any good ones.
Very tasty--food was good and the waiter promptly brought out extra condiments when we asked. Family owned restaurant--all very nice to meet such friendly people. I will definitely be going back to get my Filipino food fix. :-)
"I know there's not really a big Filipino population in Portland and this is one of the few places people go to (even people in Seattle!). 

It has pretty decent serving portions so if you want to try more than one dish, do it! I liked everything my friends and I tried. Four of us shared four dishes and it had us full while my other three friends tried to share four and they had to push themselves to finish.

Cute Filipino restaurant with friendly owners (it's been in the family). Not a place for vegetarians really, but a good place to try Filipino food if you haven't ever had any and a good place just to get your Filipino food fix. 

Good food and good company, which is why I rate this a 5/5."
"If they weren't on the other side of town, I'd be more of a regular. 

I think the dishes where ok, more good than bad. The price was a little on the high side, but that can be overlooked by the lack of other Filipino restaurants anywhere in Portland.

I would definitely come back to fix my Filipino craving!"
"This place is everything I expected it to be! Home good cooking! I took home the crispy pata and chicken adobo and of course a Halo Halo. One word, delicious! Will definitely be going back to eat more great food! 

Plus side, the owner was so sweet and it's a family business. What's not to love and support"
Fried chicken! Maybe that's not the first thing that comes to mind when you think about Filipino cooking, but Tambayan fried chicken is absolutely the best fried chicken in the world.  Somehow they get it so crispy and tasty, but not greasy at all.  Good garlic rice, good adobo. We went on New Year's Day and they were out of lechon kawali.  we'll have to go back.
"We agree with the reviews left by Matthew R. and Nikko A.; Tambayan is nice little family restaurant with good food, and by all appearances is a hub for the nearby Filipino community. 

We appreciated the friendly staff - all of them part of the family who owns the restaurant, our needs we're quickly attended to and the food came quickly - just like we were guests at their house instead of at a restaurant. 

Definitely a family environment with one of the young daughters playing with the young son of one the regulars. 

Oh - this is for reviewer Natasha H.: I don't think its fair to give this restaurant 2 stars because you can't bother to read the menu. Your screw-up isn't their problem.

Overall, a four star experience - we'll definitely return for more."
"I ordered food for take out and I was semi disappointed. I ordered Pinakbet, Pancit Bihon and Lichon Kawali. The container of Pinakbet was only half full, and for $7, I would have expected more. Then the Pancit Bihon was actually Pancit Sotanghon, it was decent. The Lichon Kawali was also good, a decent portion but I didn't care for the sauce (a bit lumpy).
 I also was taken back by the fact that rice doesn't come with the items I ordered, and you must pay extra for that. Being Filipino, you expect rice to be served with items, I guess this is a different style now. 

But to turn it around, I did order Puto, and this was the best Puto I've had EVER!"
It's a pretty decent filipino restaurant. There are hits & misses on the taste/flavoring of their dishes. I guess, it's the best in Oregon, since there's not really any other filipino restaurant in this state. The lechon kawali is a heart attack waiting to happen, its crispy skin & pure fat with some touches of meat. The kare2x is really good. Everything else is A-OK. The customer service is good but the restaurant itself reminds me of a hospital cafeteria. Fluorescent lighting and white walls, not to appealing place for eating. I say, take out is the way to go.
Finally! After 4months of craving, we found our Filipino spot!! My husband and I ordered Lechon kawali, daing na bangus, and tocilog... food was freshly cooked and moist...  garlic rice was outstandingly good.!
"Great family owner Filipino restaurant. This is my 2nd visit & it won't be my last:) I really like the longganisa (Filipino sausage). There longganisa dish comes w/garlic fried rice & an over easy egg. Service is fast & generally friendly. Again it's a family owned restaurant so just speak up & ask for what you want/need. 
Downside it's a 'Cash Only' place now so come prepared."
"Quick review:
Very tasty food
Good prices
Fast, friendly service
bland decor

Longer review:
We went to this family-run spot (think grandma sitting in the corner folding napkins) for a lunch and the service was really fast; we ordered and within 10min we were eating. And that was counting a little while catching with the cook/waitress/owner(?).

I can't say I know Filipino food, but it seemed authentic to what I had when I was traveling there for a month.  Many of the dishes had ingredients I don't normally see in Portland (green jackfruit, taro leaves, banana ketchup(!), etc) and the prices seemed very good for the amount of food you get (not huge, but filling). And bringing back all the memories of traveling with the flavors was a huge plus.
The only less than stellar part was the decor/building.  There was nothing wrong with it, but it was pretty bland.  That sort of thing doesn't bug me one iota though.

All in all, I'd happily go back, and I'll have to because there's so much more on their menu I want to try!"
"I had to remove the star because I simply cannot enjoy myself when I am actually dining there. The food is AWESOME and the people are great. I still love this place but man those lights gotta go. 

The atmosphere is just way too boring and cold. Not inviting at all.

I've been here with my boyfriend before and it feels kind of weird when many of their customers are people they know or are family and it just feels awkward.

To be clear, this is still a great place. I can't emphasize that enough. I just think the vibe in there needs a little bit of work. Let's just say this: definitely not a great place for date night."
The food is amazing and the service is excellent. The Pork Adobo, Sausage and everything else is unreal.
Good food and good service. Nice ownership was attentive to all guests.  Food was prepared quickly and very tasty. My family enjoyed our visit.
"This place is amazing... Although I ordered my food to go. The vibes are very homely and chill... I ordered the Chicken Adobo w/ Garlic Rice and I hadn't had any true authentic Filipino Food in nearly 15 years I was well overdue. When I got home and took the first few bites it was an instant flashback to when I lived just a block away from Chinatown in Las Vegas, Nevada where I was born and used to go to the Filipino spot and get Adobo at least twice a week. I highly recommend trying this place out as it is the only spot in Portland to get Filipino Food. 

It's outstanding!!"
was a great meal. friendly staff. nice people. low key. affordable.
"I think we unfortunately asked the wrong person for a recommendation and it was very bland!!! Do not get the beef in soy and onions. Milkfish rolls were good but was hoping for more unique flavors.
Very nice staffing and descent service."
"Tambayan serves authentic home-cooked Filipino food. Pinoys and those who've ever been to a Filipino party know what I'm talking about, but everyone else should check it out too. With a Filipina mother and like a million aunties, I can vouch for the true flavors on Tambayan's menu.

Filipino restaurants are few and far between, but the great thing about them is that you get to eat exactly what the cooks make for their own families and friends all the time. You can't say that about many other kinds of restaurants, but you can about Tambayan. 

If you've never had Filipino food before, give it a try. Since opinions are like iPods, I will refrain from recommending any one dish or even going into detail about the cuisine (besides, I covered that in my review of Tita's Pista). It's simple, homey, Malay / Chinese / Spanish / Indian influenced food cooked by tasting not by measuring. They have meat. They have vegetables. They have traditional sauces and condiments. Desserts are sweet. You may get more rice than you can eat. You'll experience new flavors. Just go try it.

It's a small shop with maybe 7 or 8 plain tables, a small grocery section, and some popular bagged munchies. Very informal, kind of cafeteria style but without the hot food line. Don't get just one dish. Order several things and eat family style. Prices are very affordable. A bargain for a true culinary adventure.

Would be five stars but they don't have itlog na maalat :("
Best authentic Filipino food yet in Portland, chocolate meat, garlic fried rice, and the Halo Halo was great.  Owner makes homade flan, and it was the best day I ever had, no joke!  We WILL be going back!
"As an honorary Filipino (through relationship) I was really curious to try it out and the groupon was the extra push. First off, extra points for good iced tea. I don't know why it is so hard to get fresh brewed iced tea anymore. The tea was good and  refill came quickly. It was a muggy day and I liked that.

The food was excellent. I had the menudo and it was almost as good as my aunts. I had it with the garlic rice. Good choice. Next time I go back I want to try the Kare kare. They have all my family favorites on the menu. I like supporting mom and pop places like this. The service was also very friendly. It wil be my go-to place when not dining with the family. Check it out!"
"My boyfriend and I were traveling away from home in Hawaii. And knowing the mainland, they don't provide rice for their starch. So we were madly craving for Filipino food and we found this gem. 

It helped and felt like home because the owner was also Filipino! I feel like Filipinos have that connection to each other ;)

Anyway, they do not have parking stalls but they do have street parking. We got there around 1130 when it just opened so parking was plentiful! 

I ordered the bangus (fried fish) served with tomatoes, shrimp paste, grilled eggplant, and rice (hallelujah rice!) and my boyfriend got the lechon kawili. Taste was there. But I wish the portion was a little bigger just like home. ONLY reason why it's 4 star review. But service was sky rocket way above average! She's super sweet and we basically talked to her as if she was our Aunty (in Hawaii, everybody your auntehhh, unkoooo, or cuzzzzzin) lol 

Def try here when your around this area!"
"You know it's hard to judge food the way your mom makes it (or your auntie or uncle makes it) because that't what you expect it to be or what it ""should"" be. People don't execute the dish as one would want it to be......

BUT, there are always exceptions to the rule!

AND Tambayan takes the cake for that! After living in Portland for 4 years, I have FINALLY found a legit Filipino restaurant that actually delivers and brings me back home to my Carson, CA roots. Being raised eating Filipino dishes and especially at fam bam parties, Tambayan definitely delivers on flavor!

Devour?
*CRISPY PATA (Fried Pork Leg) The crispy pata was definitely fried to perfection. The meat was easy to manipulate. Let alone, it was tender and moist. It came with a soy-sauce/lemon/vinegar dipping sauce, which is typically paired for crispy pata. I would definitely order this again! 

*SINIGANG NA BABOY (Pork Sour ""Tamarind"" Soup) The pork was cooked quite well. I was a bit nervous that it would've been over-done in the broth. But no it wasn't! Sinigang was my mother's signature dish and Tambayan's was almost close to hers. My mom typically makes a beef version, but my boyfriend's grandma makes the pork version. I would say that Tambayan's reminded me of my boyfriend's grandma's version. Your typical veggies in the sinigang were there (i.e. string beans and spinach/leafy greens). Definitely worth ordering this dish again!

*DINUGUAN (""Pork Blood Stew"" made with Pork ear, meat and intestine). So when I was a year old, my grandma (""Nanay Nitang"") cooked this specialty and while she babysat me, fed me this delicacy.  I grew up learning that dinuguan was a savory ""Chocolate Stew""................. 

**several years pass by** 

It was not until I was 9 years old, my uncle sat me down and told me the real deal - it's not chocolate! (*gasps*). As a 3rd grader, I found out it was made out of pork blood and intestine and swore off the dish during my early teenage years. After that phase, I have no idea what happened, but reluctantly I craved the dish and have been eating it ever since. Dinuguan, according to my fam bam, is dubbed as ""Kristen's Dish"" (maybe because I'm the ""Chocoholic""??!) Nonetheless,  I'm glad that Tambayan can make a batch that's almost as close to my Nanay's (*smiles*)

*KARE KARE + OX TAIL (Peanut Butter Stew) is one of my guilty pleasures. Usually my family doesn't really cook this dish unless it's a holiday. But my boyfriend's family cooks it quite frequently. What I love about the dish is the broth. The peanut butter broth. Cooked with bok choy, beef and green beans. I love to slather the peanut butter sauce all over my rice! Paired with some bagaoong (salty shrimp paste), it can level out the peanut flavor. But I usually avoid the bagaoong since it's too salty for my taste! Another must order in my book!

ALL of these dishes are best eaten with plain ol' white RICE! I swear I eat more rice when I have any Filipino dishes! 

The employees were very cordial, kind and helpful. Parking is on the street and they accept CC's. This mom-and-pop-shop definitely knows what they're doing!

I loved the fact that the restaurant was open later than their closing hours and didn't rush us out while we were eating.  I came in with my grubbers about 45 minutes before closing time and they were able to accommodate us. My next visit here will taste the rest of their dishes on their menu AND to get more of that DINUGUAN =)"
"We came here a while ago, but my reviews are on Filipino time these days...

This place is definitely in the boondocks, so don't let the outside deter you.  The ambiance inside reminded me of some of the good spots in the bay area, Cali.  Not the fancy Americanized joints.  The small, mom 'n pop type places - where you know the food will be good.

The aunties that greeted us were totally welcoming and made me feel comfy and at home.  She even offered laying our sleeping son down on the couch near our table.  And no one gave us dirty looks when our rambuncious daughter walked around like she owned the place, pointing and asking what everything was.  

On to the food...

Binagoognan (I think that's how you spell it) - pretty good, though I was expecting a little more crunch and more bagoong.  Probably better for me that it wasn't too salty.  Ok, not ""probably""....
Kalereta beef - this was tasty.  Just enough beef and veggies and not spicy, though I'm biased cause I don't like spice.
Pancit Palabok - this wasn't too bad either, though a little saucy.  The kids loved it.

What cost them a star was the pork dishes were super duper fatty.  I mean, they were yummo, but I swear I felt my arteries clog just a little later that day. I did eat some of it, but I swear I would have licked my plate clean if there was more meat than fat.  I'd say the meat to fat ratio was about 30/70.  I can do 50/50, but my butt / hips / arm flaps say ""no"" to more than that.

We will definitely come back for that FIlipino fix - no doubt about that.  But we'll probably try more beef or chicken dishes."
"Blew. My. Mind! And that coming from a white guy who's never ventured to SE Asia.

Milk Fish and Bistek Tagalog were both on our table. The fish, nestled against garlic rice with an egg on top,  was full of flavor and while boney, the bones were soft enough to eat without concern. The Bistek (traditional beef steak in soy sauce with soft fried onions) was salty delicious. But the Kare-Kare stole the show: basically a simmered peanut butter soup with large chunks of fantastically tender beef, eggplant, green beans and a bok choy-like vegetable. Huge portion! The concoction is spooned onto rice - like Japanese curry - and becomes a comfort food at first bite. It's accompanied by a small dish of salty shrimp paste that the proprietor very helpfully advised was an authentic, acquired taste.

If you forego the selection of Filipino beer, the Gulaman & Sago is worth a try. Like bubble tea but sweeter - almost syrupy - with smaller tapioca ""bubbles"" as well as gelatin cubes.

It may not be in a trendy area, but Tambayan isn't far and parking is easy. It's very local and very mom-and-pop with wonderfully kind service, resulting in a comforting ambiance. To top it off, this was a Groupon success story: I went, I saved and I will certainly return. The prices are VERY reasonable."
"Not many places to find Filipino food in the area so this was a great find!  Eggrolls were seasoned and cooked perfectly.  We ordered the tapsilog and longsilog. Both were not too salty and the garlic rice not overpowering. My only complaint was that my husband wanted scrambled eggs instead of over easy and we were told that they ""don't do that, we only cook it one way.""  They could ""scramble the egg a little after it was cracked into the pan."" Ok. Otherwise it was a pleasant experience and we will be back!"
"What's weird to me is this place or filipino food in general isn't on every pork belly lovin fool radar in pdx?

What's my new favorite discovery in pan asian cuisine? Fillipino food. Straight up and having guide with you who you let just order for the table is tthe way to go. Sure you can get adobo and lumpia and leave going ya that was good. But you won't believe all the treasures you missed out on.treasure #1tokwa't baboy. Crispy tofu and pork belly with some garlicy soy. Blew me I'm done. So fantastic! Nothing like it will come close and you can chow on that bad boy with some beer and football and be one happy camper. Treasure #2 lechon kiwali deep fried pork belly. Simple fantastic decadent. Treasure #3 Pancit Bihon light and delicate it instantly became my go to. 

The place is like your auntie kitchen just bigger. I can't believe it's taken me this long to get into it. welcome to pig heaven."
They have really good food here. Crispy pata is so yummy. Unfortunately I feel like we were overcharged. Always look at what they are charging you for.
"As a traveler, we read the yelp reviews to see what restaurants might be interesting to try.  After reading the latest yelp reviews,  we decided to find this place. This restaurant is found on a busy street.  There is no designated parking for the restaurant.  As far as the service, the wait time for this sit down restaurant was good. 
The food was just average but adequate for my family.The adobo was tender and the pork sinigang was tasty."
Thought we'd try local filipino cuisine, googled one near me and this place popped up. Took a chance here. Ordered Bangus with garlic rice with choice of fried or scrambled egg, hubby had the Adobo and a friend got the Pancit Bihon with Chicken...all the foods was tasty and taste home made. Portion was descent $10-11. Ok selections at minimum. Atmosphere could definately use some style and painting to make it look inviting. The filipino girl staff was friendly, didnt speak tagalog though. Too bad, alot of young generations growing up not knowing the language IMHO...Overall good food made to order! 3.5 Stars.
"I had been here once before and ordered the pork adobo, a safe bet after being discouraged to try the Binagoongan na Baboy, which the waitress said is too much for people not accustomed to shrimp paste.

This time, I went with two people who frequent Tambayan about once a week. We ordered the Bopis, pork entrails with red and green peppers simmered in soy sauce and vinegar; Pancit Malabon, rice noodles in sauce with chicharon, topped with assorted seafood, pork, sliced eggs, green onion, and fried garlic; and the Sinigang na Baka, tamarind-flavored soup with beef and vegetables.

All were excellent, as was the garlic rice that accompanied the dishes. I highly recommend this restaurant."
"We went there because they're not too far from home. Our first visit, we weren't sure what we wanted, so we ordered the familiar Filipino everyday dish, we're familiar with. I was disappointed with the Lumpia, it wasn't the crispy style lumpia, but it was basically my fault because I didn't know there were several kinds.  The Pork Adobo was a bit spicy, although hubby liked this one a lot. This visit, we ordered the Chicken Adobo which was better.  I also ordered the Pancit Bihon, and I was very pleased with it. Very colorful, and to me it's perfect! My hubby had seconds, even though he said he wasn't hungry (he had a late breakfast).  He had seconds on everything I ordered!  Again, I bought the Halo-halo to go. I think they also gave me a bonus, because this was my 2nd visit!  I am writing my review, because I want people to know, if you want Filipino Food, this is where you can go, in the SE part of PDX!  Now I understand, why the Filipino American National Historical Society of Oregon choose to have their meetings there.  The restaurant is clean, the people are friendly, and I like the decor.  

If you go there, you may be lucky to watch a Filipino show at the same time, free, while having your lunch!

I had take-out for our party last Thursday.  I called them, talked to the manager/owner, about the negative feedback re: small pieces of chicken bones  and they made sure they do not cut the chicken. No bones found on ours.  Because it was a party take-out, I told them they will be judged by my guests, and they were happy with the food, taste, & color. They are more colorful than the restaurant quality. I could tell they're really making a huge effort, and that's how it should be. They took seconds or leftovers home. I made some rice, I didn't think they'd want that, but they finished it. I also had American foods, so the Filipino food was not all I had. I had them delivered!

Thanks again!"
Love it!!!! The kare-kare and sinagang are my favorite!!!! The meat is so tender and the favor is just perfect and the veggies just balance it all! Also, the to-go is same taste as eating there.
"I've eaten a lot of Filipino cuisine and Tambayan is a place you can try once and move on, Kare-Kare and Palabok tasted okey but lacking flavor and color, egg roll came out short with a bit raw, halo-halo lacked sweetness and creaminess- short of fruit ingredients, less milk and Ice cream toppings. In fairness, we've enjoyed Lechon kawali with its crispiness and taste minus the sauce.
Bottom line -Find another cuisine to satisfy your palate"
"No Filipino food in Eugene yet so we made sure to try this place out on a recent trip up to Portland. Great place to sit ad eat lots of food! We had the Fried Milkfish, Fried Tilapia, Sinigang, and I just had to order the Kare Kare even though I was way too full to eat another bite. It's my favorite!

Great food and the starff and management was so friendly. They will have Karaoke soon on weekend nights! Now they just need to open one up in Eugene!!! 

Great place! Can't wait to come back!"
"Oh man! YUMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If you've never had Filipino food you HAVE to try this place. If you love Filipino food you will LOVE this place! Either way, I would highly recommend eating here.

The food here is UN-FREAKIN-BELIEVABLY good. Seriously, seriously good! My wife and I had one of our most memorable meals here based on flavor, and I am already starting to crave Tambayan again (and we only ate there yesterday!). I am dying to keep trying their menu items. But the three that we had were among some of the most delicious things we've ever eaten in a restaurant, and we eat out a TON at places just like Tambayan. 

The three items we ordered:

Shanghai Rolls
Kare-Kare (beef)
Nilagang Baboy

The Shanghai rolls were outstanding, and you get 6 of them!! They're like a Filipino taquito, if that makes sense. A long slender egg roll filled with pork and served with an excellent dipping sauce. 

The Kare-Kare.... omg... UNREAL. The menu states it as ""beef stew in peanut sauce with eggplant."" But what it doesn't mention is how freaking tender and succulent the beef is. It is ""fall off the bone"" tender (though, there are no bones in the dish, thankfully, but you get the idea) and melts in your mouth. It's texture is of beef that's been in a crock pot for 10 hours. And the peanut sauce is so good I would've drank it. The taste is creamy and just right. The egg plant is soft and flavorful, the bok choy is delicious. The combination of flavors in this dish really make it special. Spooning the Kare-Kare over rice and smelling the peanut sauce... oh man. I'm so hungry right now just thinking about it.

The same goes for the Nilagang Baboy. The broth!!! This is some of the most savory and beautiful broth I've ever tasted. It was naturally thick, reminding me of the best of authentic ramen broths. You can't buy broth like this, not even close- you have to slave over it for hours in a hot kitchen and really know what you're doing to get it this good. It is quite possibly the best pork broth I've ever had. Broth aside, the pork itself, like the beef in the Kare-Kare, is tender and so flavorful. The cabbage and the boy chow add the perfect touch and texture to the pork and the broth too. (I'm foaming at the mouth now...)

Tambayan has got to be the best Filipino restaurant in Portland, because I could not conceive of Filipino food that tastes better than this. The FLAVORS!!! The menu might seem simple (i.e. the Nilagang Baboy simply states: pork, bok choy, carrots, potatos, and cabbage) but GOOD LORD the FLAVOR of these dishes!!! Rich, complex, savory- you can tell that this food is lovingly prepared by a Filipino who knows and loves their culture's cuisine. 

You have to try Filipino food. It is unlike all other Asian cuisines you typically find in America: Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, and Korean. It is a unique cuisine that is outstanding if it is done right. And Tambayan does it soooooooooo right!!!

EAT HERE!!!!!!!!!! TRUST ME!!!!!!!!!!!"
The owners were so kind and provided us with excellent service. The food was so good! We ordered so many different dishes and it didn't disappoint! It was the perfect lunch to wrap up our trip to Portland.
Masarap and Mura. We live in Vancouver Wa. Great place! It sure it's worth it to come over  every weekend for family dinner.
"This review is long overdue. We live in PDX from 2008-2012 & this is the only place that I can say resembles ""Filipino"" home cooked meals. When ""Lola"" is the one cooking, you know it will be good since there's so much love that goes into the food. It takes a while for the food to come out at times but only because it's made from scratch (at least that's how I remembered it). We are now living in Los Angeles where Filipino food is everywhere and in my opinion ""Tambayan"" can compete with some of the good Filipino restaurants out here. 5 stars"
"There's very limited options when it comes to Filipino food around Portland. Their prices are okay, some on the high side but what can you do when it's one of the few around the city?

I've had their Kare Kare and I often order Dinuguan to go. Kare Kare is quite tasty but their Dinuguan is lacking. I've definitely had better. Their Dinuguan has lots of meat versus fat but to me, it doesn't have enough vinegar and could definitely use a bit more spiciness. The last time I visited, I got more sauce than meat and not nearly enough for the price paid."
"The food is up to par with any ""auntie"" kitchen. The food really taste home made. And when I say home made, it's really home made. Just like home, there's always left over food in the fridge, and that's unfortunately what some of the dishes was had taste like. 
I ordered the Pinakbet, and it was soggy. The vegetable were too soft and you can tell that it was already pre-made and heated in the microwave. Like I said, it tasted home made, like I was eating last nights dinner in my own home. Can't get any more authentic then that. 
 We also ordered the Bi-steak (beef steak) and the meat was way too tough. This dish as well, you can tell they had it pre-made because the meat is normally tender when made fresh, but it was way too hard and tasted over cooked. Maybe we got this dish on a bad day, but I really don't recommend this dish. 
The pancit canton was the last dish we ordered and I can honestly say that this saved them. It was tasty and very flavorful. It had the right amount of meat and veggies to compensate the noodles. We enjoyed every last bite. 
Overall, the owners and servers were very nice and hospitable. They were all very sweet and made sure we were well taken care of. I hope to come back and have different opinions on the other dishes."
This is the best Filipino restaurant in the continental U.S.  Food is not swimming in grease and it taste just about right: not too salty, not too bland. Service is pretty friendly and the chef-owner mingles with the guests.
Ohhhh my god! You want amazing authentic food this is the place! The family who owns the restaurant are so sweet and very accommodating ! We had the lumpia, ox tail stew, and rice noodles with shrimp and pork. I couldn't take a picture fast enough before my boyfriend dived in! I can't say enough about how amazing the food was! The meat fell right off the bone of the ox tail and the veggies were perfect with the peanut broth! To make things better a DELICIOUS flan! The lumpia was perfectly fried fresh and amazing! I definitely recommend anyone come and eat this tasty food! We paid 37$ for an appetizer two meals with leftovers 2 cokes and dessert!
"This place is super yummy to my tummy.   Being away from my Filipino family most of the year makes me really miss Filipino food.  Tambayan is the answer to the craving. Eating at Tambayan feels like eating at home.  

I just recently tried the rice, longanisa and egg plate and it delicious.  

This place is great if you want home style Filipino food."
"OK, I don't have a lot of experience with Filipino food, but finally got a chance to try it w/ the fabulous Groupon $1 lunch deal. I'd love to come back with a group so I could try more things. Got the Lumpiang Sariwa, which was really like a crepe filled with mild, sauteed veggies (soft, not crisp) smothered in a fairly sweet sauce. It was huge & pretty tasty, but on the sweet side for my taste. I should have asked for some hot sauce to balance it out.

Main dish was Laing, Taro leaves w/ coconut cream& pork. Quite tasty & very filling--ate about half & took the rest home. I really like taro leaves, don't get them too often, but such a rich dish was not the perfect item for a solo diner. But very yummy....

Clean & tidy inside, very pleasant  & well-intentioned service, but a little scattered. Full of Filipino customers. I'd like to give them 3.5 stars, and I'll definitely come back w/ more folks to try more dishes."
"Tambayan is the only Filipino restaurant within driving distance from where I live in Southeast Portland (Hosford-Abernethy) neighborhood. I found it through Yelp and coincidentally a few days later, I scored a Groupon deal.

My boyfriend and I went there to try it out and we.fell.in.love.

We had the paksiw na lechon and the tapsilog. The paksiw na lechon was delicious, perfectly sweet and fatty (as it should be since it's pork belly). The tapsilog was also perfect, served with garlic fried rice which was enough for two and a fried egg on top. Perfect for breakfast even though we had it for dinner. It was still good.

A few weeks later, I took a bunch of other people there (buncha white people) again and each and every single person liked it. Pork belly all around and we left feeling very satisfied. The food was so good we couldn't really stop eating. 

The problem with newbies sometimes is that they don't know what to order, which I can't fault them for. If you like fish, get the fried tilapia with eggplant. If you like pork belly, get the paksiw na lechon. Skip the white rice, go straight for the garlic fried rice. It is enough for two.

The only downside to this place would be the lighting. It does not make for a nice, pleasant environment. They should invest in some softer lighting (which probably might even be cheaper) so it doesn't feel like you're sitting in your old 7th grade classroom.

Other than that, I love this place. If this place ever goes out of business, I'm going to be pretty upset.

Why you should believe me: 
I'm a Filipina-American who was born and raised in the SF Bay Area. I had access to many Filipino restaurants as well as home cooked meals provided by my immigrant family. I lived in the Philippines as a small child and lived there again in 2009. I had nothing but Filipino food during those times. I had it in metro manila and in the province. I have also traveled around the world and have eaten many different types of food so I have a lot to compare it to."
Wonderful local place! I only wished that I had tried them sooner! All the dishes we have tried have been fantastic, I will definitely be returning again and again
Second time I ordered Bopis and it was so much better. This is my favorite dish and I'm glad they did it right.
Filipino home cookin' in Portland! Crispy Pata, lumpiang Shanghai, and lechon kawali were fried to perfection. Excited to come back later to try the rest of the menu. Sauces were delightful with all the dishes. *Reminder- always order vegetables with your fried foods*
Found a really good Filipino restaurant in Portland. I ordered the Pancit Palabok and Lumpia Shanghai. Presentation and flavors were right on. They would've received 5 stars if they put shrimp in the Pancit and trimmed the fat in the meat. The Lumpia was right on.  The meat was cooked thoroughly and had a nice crunch.  For dessert, I ordered the Halo Halo. Perfect ending to a tasty dinner. Wish I had more time to try other dishes.
Bistek Tagalog is awesome! It was worth the long drive!
"Tambayan it is!!! this is the only Filipino restaurant in Portland so far. Been visiting this small restaurant for more than 10 times this year. I really love their food. More loved it when the management changed,  staff and owners are so friendly. 

Here are the hits:

1. Bangusilog (Bangus Sinangag Itlog) best BRUNCH meal!!! yummm
2. Tinolang manok, lechon kawali, pinakbet or pakbet, monggo, lumpia shanghai (egg rolls) ----- awesome lunch!!!!
3. halo-halo with Ube Ice cream topping .... D Best!!! 

Overall, everything was pretty good.  We will definitely come here again.

Hope they will serve my favorite tsokolate and pandesal with quesong puti.... hmmmmm..this is making me hungry...

Go get a meal and tambay in Tambayan!"
"I love SE Asia food and Fillippino food is one of my favorites. 

Tambayan serves delicious food with a price that's easy in your pocket. So far, we've tried, Pork Adobo, Fried Chicken leg, Curry Taro leaves with baby shrimps, and Fried Milkfish. Everything was delicious and we always finish our meals with Halo Halo. 

Halo Halo is a dessert drink made out of coconut milk filled with fruits, coconuts, and topped with ice cream. It was a perfect dessert drink for hot summer days or in our case, for all the time and occasions!

Service is always friendly and fast. We love this place and we hope they will get more customers :)."
Found this place on a slow Sunday afternoon. Has the jackfruit curry, lumpia and fried chicken. All were very good. When I'm in this neighborhood or craving Filipino food, I will certainly come back
"Birthday party catered with Philipino food was a bigger hit than we were ready for. People responded to Lumpia like a fan girl screaming at a beetles concert.  I mean people lost their damn minds.

We tried a few different places around town and were so underwhelmed by the food until we finally heard about Tambayan- the party people pleaser. From the moment we had lunch at their restaurant we knew we had a winner! The people at Tambayan were great to talk food with! Kind and professional, really showed pride in their business. 

All the foods options are flavorful and fresh! Whatever you order don't skip the Lumpia- it's a party in your mouth."
One of the very few Filipino restaurants in town. Had their chicken adobo with garlic rice. It was pretty good for the price the adobo was on the really salty side but it was balanced with the garlic flavors from the rice. Try the halo halo dessert!
"The Shanghai lumpias were tasty. It was filled with pork and veggies. They had a vegetarian option too, which I'll try next time. 

 I ordered the Beef soup. The beef was very tender and the vegetables were abundant and cooked perfectly. They were not over cooked like I've had at some other places. I like my vegetables still firm and not mushy. This place did a great job of that. The broth was very flavorful as well. It was probably my favorite thing about the soup. 

My friend had the longanisa with garlic rice and a fried egg. Honestly I think the star of the shows was the garlic rice. It had so much flavor and garlic. We love garlic and there was a lot.  We ordered a extra side of it so we could take it home to eat later. 

There was a large variety of food choices on thier menu.  I can't wait to go back and try more."
Love love this place! So excited that they are so close to home! Authentic dishes with a burst of flavor in everything we ordered. Reminds me of my childhood. My husband loves dinuguan and their dish brought him to his happy place! This place is pure happiness!
"I wanted to try something new for lunch, and I rely on delivery. Kuya Fred's popped up on a Yelp search, and I had not tried it yet. 
I ordered a chicken platter that included the fried rolls, noodles, and rice. 
The food came in a compartment styro with utensils, napkin, and a sweet red sauce. 
The food arrived still warm. The food itself was good, but didn't have a lot of flavor or freshness, other than a bit of chopped green onion over the rice. I found myself wanting for some kind of crisp or crunchy vegetable. 
Not bad, but probably won't be a go-to for me."
I ordered food from Grubhub and delivery was fast. The Laing, and pork binagoongan is very delicious. It taste like my Mom's cooking. The dinuguan is bit oily but good. The lechon kawali is also good too with sauce. But my favorite is the halo halo. It's the BEST halo halo!!i recommend to all who craving for authentic Filipino food this is the place!! I live in Vancouver WA but I have a flea market in Gresham. After I tried it. I'm hooked!!
Wow. The halo halo is to die for! It's the best I've had in a long while. I will definitely go back for more and will try the other dishes. So happy that there's finally an authentic Filipino food cart nearby.
Great Filipino food. Quick, tasty, great prices. Friendly owner and staff. I'd call in to check if they're open before heading down as sometimes their hours of operation aren't the most accurate but I think as business picks up for them that their hours will be more accurate. They have a groupon which makes it even more of a no brainer.
"First time eating here for lunch today and I am in love!
Service was amazing and the food even better :)
Justin helped me decide what to eat and took his time to show me all the options. I had the half rice/spring mix and falafel bowl. The spread and sauce  options are delicious and the falafel was one of the best I've had. I was very pleasantly surprised with my new discovery. Will be coming here often."
"Fantastic and healthy fast food! 
Always fresh ingredients. Spreads homemade.  Warm moist pita! Generous servings. Try greek fries!"
Great food. Clean and tasty. Nice change. Chipotle style but Mediterranean. Dee's suggestions rocked!
Food is fantastic and my favorite fast casual restaurant in orlando.  I'm a repeat customer of the Maitland restaurant (sometimes eating there several times a week) so was thrilled when this location opened up.
"Awesome Food!  Fast, fresh, healthy and ton of choices.
Locally owned, great concept!"
So glad to see another Olea location! Always looking for healthy eating options, and I was so happy to find one so delicious and close to my house! The food is amazing, and it's easy to be in and out quickly. There are so many options, that I'm able to frequent Olea multiple times per week. Love this place !!!
So delicious!!!! Perfect for a quick meal and the staff is so friendly. Space is kept clean, portion sizes are great and the price is even better. Definitely my new go to lunch spot.
I love restaurants where you can customize your meal, and Olea provides you the opportunity to do just that, with a Mediterranean spin!  I've been twice now, and have tried the Cous Cous bowl and a salad - both other worldly good! I absolutely love their garlic hummus - so much so that I use both of my scoops for it!  The only con is that I don't have one closer to where I live!
Fantastic lunch! Deliciously fresh! One of the best places I've been for lunch and was recommended by a my best mate. It is chipotle style ordering which makes it easy and fast. You won't be disappointed if you like Mediterranean.
Great lunch spot! They have healthy options, and the food is very flavorful. We'll be back.
Delicious! Healthy and fast. Their falafels are tender and sooo good! The pickled onions super yummy! Their portions are hardy.
Wow!! So good! I got a chicken Greek salad and loved it!! Super quick to get your food and the Greek dressing was amazing.
I have literally driven past for over a year and always wondered about this place. Let me just tell you -- it's amazing, quick Greek food! I had the couscous bowl with grilled chicken, garlic hummus, and green s'hug. The flavors were delicious! I wish I had a picture of my bowl to post, but unfortunately I finished it too quickly!
This restaurant is AWESOME! You can make your own bowl, wrap, or salad. The Greek fries are so delicious and are a must try. Quick lunch spot and great quality food. Will definitely be back!
Great food and friendly staff! Love the concept! The food is very good and there's lots to choose from. The baklava is the best that I've ever had! Love the zesty hummus!
This was my first time in Olea Mediterranean and I was very impressed! The food was fresh and hit the spot. Great food for a healthy option. The staff was very friendly and explained what some of the menu items I wasn't familiar with were. I would definitely recommend it and I will be back!
Good portion for quick service food. We got the salad w gyro and an order of grape leaves.
We went to the Sanford location. When driving on colonial we saw and came in. Once again, the bowl was fantastic. The gyro meat was tasty. The sauces were great. It is amaziyhow filling the bowl is. Getting the fries is too much food. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Get the mango lime drink, delicious.
Oh my god.... I am a Greek LOVER...my favorite cuisine hands down, and this place set the bar really high for me to go anywhere else now. And it's FAST CASUAL....never expected that. Extremely good food exploding with flavor, very fresh, and hey, the people were even nice!
Food is so good and staff is so friendly! So glad this place came up right by my house. Try the feta Greek fries! Also the GM is always sweet every time I am in. Keep it up!
They don't skimp on the meat! Generous portion of chicken on the salad I ordered. Zesty feta spread is a must. Tasty fresh Greek fries made to order! Not too busy for a Saturday night when everywhere else is busy and you're hungry! Third time eating here, no disappointments!!! Highly recommend!
"Really well executed very simple concept. I went in with little expectation and came out VERY impressed with options, ingredient labeling, flavor, and service. It's a simple make your own concept where you go down the line and instruct the builder. 

I got a pita and loaded with up with their very plentiful and delicious vegan options!! For spreads, Eggplant and red pepper worked perfectly with the spicy harissa. To choose, the ingredients of the spreads are listed on the selection window. Very helpful! They allowed me to 1/2 and 1/2 the proteins so I felt like I got twice as much. The falafel was flavorful and not dry to too hard. Roasted veggies were also well done and fit perfectly in the pita. 

Plentiful fresh toppings and unique dressings sealed the deal. No need for any extra condiments after it's made. 

When I made the choice to get fries, the server had been attentive to detail and noticed I didn't get cheese so asked if I wanted it on my fries! Thanks for noticing! The fries are delicious- with crispy seasoning!!! The really good kind of fries!"
"What a great little restaurant! Think the Greek version of Moes, but higher quality ingredients! Can get pitas, salad or bowl with your choice of protein, sauces, and toppings. They also have some yummy sides and desserts. The falafel is made fresh in house daily - if you get here at the right time you can watch the employees smashing the chickpeas and making them right in front of you!

Robert is the manager and goes above and beyond to make sure your meal is delicious and your needs are met.  Highly recommend and will definitely return again and again."
Olea Mediterranean has the freshest food ever. The falafel patties are made fresh each day, they are so good. I come here whenever I'm in the area. Recommend it!
Excellent fresh food. Very clean. They make everything fresh in house. Allt he sauces are made by hand with fresh ingredients
Very solid good. Think Mediterranean Chipotle. Hit the spot. Lots of options. Pita was solid, but unspectacular. The gyro meat was fresh, not the Kronos bs. I liked the hummus and pickled red onions as standouts. Good tzatiziki sauce as well.
Perfect lunch spot addition to the Orlando area!! I've eaten at the original location before too, and this one on Colonial is just as amazing. I've tried both the bowl and the wrap. They have falafel as a vegetarian option and you can chose your base and your toppings. I would recommend this restaurant for a quick bite; it's fast but without feeling like you're eating fast food. It would be nice for a group work lunch because of the fast service, but the seating is limited so I would suggest arriving earlier than 12. Also try the garlic fries!!! Absolutely amazing and will be back!!
"Olea sits at the intersection of two current trends: build your own bowl and Mediterranean. Fortunately, this intersection is delicious and presented by friendly people behind the counter.
Olea adds couscous to the usual bowl-base lineup though you can opt for salad or sandwich if that's the option your tastebuds demand. Add a protein (we can vouch for the above-average gyro and excellent falafel), two spreads (including a fiery harissa), and toppings that run from lettuce to pickled onions, feta to bean salad.
If you like French fries, the ""Greek Fries"" here are wonderful, twice-fried and covered with crumbled feta.
Olea isn't cheap food but it is superb value for the money. Tucked away on one side of a shopping center, Olea can be easy to miss, but it's well worth searching out for a lunch or dinner that leaves you feeling good about what you ate."
Gyro and salad was particularly good! Nice meal, pleasant staff! Grape leaves were ok tho. Could improve those
Their personnel is super amazing, patience and cordial, they will take the time to guide/help you with the food selection, even the manager will help with the process. The place is comfy and clean, the food is super fresh, you get to pick from 3 options ( bowl, salad or pita wrap). They also have vegan and gluten-free options, the sauces are delicious especially the Green S'hug and the Yogurt Dill Sriracha.
I enjoyed this place. Very nice and calm environment. I ordered the pita with gyro meat. It was delicious!!! I absolutely recommend!
"We tried this place and were very pleased with it. Great spin on ""you pick"" concept: bowl, salad, or gyro, all fesh ingredients, lots of vegetarian and meat options. I loved the toppings and sauces the most. A meal for 2 with 2 drinks was $26. Fair price for something that healthy and fresh. The 6 kinds of ice tea stole my heart. I also greatly appreciate the fact that it is Orlando local concept that is expanding throughout Central Florida. I love supporting local businesses like this! They are open till 9 pm, we will definitely come back soon!"
"Scramtious place!
It was random decision to get mediterrenian for lunch. I parked outside and called to place an order. The girl was super nice, and got my order right away. Despite them beeing busy, the stuff was super friendly, attentive, and quick to responce to all my questions and comments.
My order which was falafel wrap came out ohh sooo delish, and most importantly - fresh. 
I will be back for more!"
Food is great and prepared to order. Had a small problem with my order however the staff handled it very well. I will be back for sure and recommend this place. Great service recovery :)
What an awesome dining experience! Even though Olea is a casual dining experience, our server David rolled out the red carpet service. He made our bowls and pitas with special attention and generous portions while going the extra mile to get extra fresh ingredients that were running low and did it all with a smile. The food was really great tasting with more of an authentic flare than I expected. I cannot wait to stop in here again soon and enjoy the friendly escape to the Mediterranean in the heart of Orlando!
Think Subway with a Mediterranean flare! Super delicious and fresh food made to order.  Highly recommend the Greek french fries too. Conveniently located in a shopping plaza off East Colonial.  Great place to go before or after story time at Barnes and Noble too!
It was Safe. Not the best but not bad at all, just safe. I had a bowl with chicken, brown rice, couple sauces on the side, salsa, beans, cucumber, onion. Bathroom wasn't really tidy and service was ok. Empty inside.
"Stumbled upon this place and I love Greek/Mediterranean food, so I gave it try.  They have a similar style place in Oviedo that I really like, so I was hoping for the same type of place.  I ordered the bowl and had a base of rice and spring greens with chicken as my protein. 
Pros : Clean place, really friendly staff and generous portions.  Greek dressing was really good. 
Cons : like some others have mentioned, the flavor is a little lacking. Not only in the chicken, but in the tzatziki and hummus.  They also only have about 8 sides to choose from as toppings. Their competition in Oviedo has significantly more.  And pita is an extra change, which is pushing it when the bowl is $8.99. 
Overall, it was a good, quick lunch, which is what I needed. I'm not sure if it's something I'd visit again, but I wouldn't rule out trying something different on another visit."
I love this place! Fresh veggies, great falafel, great alternative to fast food. The Greek fries are amazing. Place is clean, salads and sandwiches are delicious, too. I've been to two of their locations and both are good.
I was skeptical going in, but glad I did. I love the concept...made a salad with chicken, the white and green spreads, pickled onion, tomatoe/cucumbers and their house vinaigrette. I inhaled it! Super tasty, a lot of flavor and little bit of heat. Super friendly staff, clean, would definitely go back.
The food is light, healthy, delicious & fresh. Fast friendly service! Highly recommended.
I love Olea! I originally tried the Sanford location and was happy to find another one close to home. It's a build-your-own concept similar to Chipotle (bowl/pita/salad, pick your protein, pick toppings), but with Greek food. Sometimes I don't do well with these places because I pick a bunch of ingredients that I like but they don't necessarily go together, but you're pretty safe here because you can easily mix and match. Husband and I can't do dairy, but there are plenty of dairy-free things along with vegan options as well! PLUS there are highchairs, and changing tables in the women's AND men's bathroom, which is a huge plus for us with a baby. A couple of tables outside but there is seating inside for maybe 30 people. Olea is a great option for a quick lunch.
It was good. It has more of a fast-food feel than that of a family-owned Greek restaurant, but I have no specific complaints. We had a party of 3, and had steak, falafel and gyro pitas. We also got an order of fries. All was delicious and everyone finished their meal.
One of my favorite places to get food. It's delicious fast and reasonably priced. I will definitely be back!! They need to open more locations in OVIEDO near UCF.
"Literally the best fast casual Mediterranean food I've ever had. Bonus points because my team put in a large, relatively complicated order via phone and everything was exactly right. 

I made my own pita with roasted vegetables, yogurt dill sriracha, and a ton of toppings which was absolutely delicious. The roasted vegetable are a great combination of soft and textured. The sriracha yogurt dill was unreal. 

Don't skip the Greek fries basket."
"Authentic, Filipino home cooking. I took some of my coworkers here who wanted to try some new Filipino dishes and I was glad that this was the place I ended up bringing them to.

They of course wanted some of the items they were used to, like the barbeque skewers and the lumpia. Lumpia came out piping hot and fresh with a side of chilli dipping sauce. The skewers were juicy and packed with flavour. 

For something new for them to try, I decided to order crispy pata (cause who doesn't like deep fried food and crispy skin?) and pork sinigang. The sinigang tasted just like how my mom makes it, good citrusy flavour and tender fall off the bone meat. The crispy pata was definitely the winner here. It was freshly made, and the skin was so crisp! We ended up having some leftover of the crispy pata and took it to my parents. As soon as they tasted it,  they ended up ordering for takeout!

I've found that Filipino restaurants here don't place a huge importance on service, but the service here was very friendly. One of the owners, I think the mother, had come out to ask how we liked the food. Another table had ordered the special, the sisig. The table who ordered it were not Filipino, and the cook came to ask if they were familiar with the dish first and made sure that it was something they want to try out. Traditional sisig is made out of the pigs face (ears and snouts included) as well as chicken liver, so it's definitely a dish that not everyone may want to try out. I thought this was great service  on their part."
"I haven't had much luck with Filipino food in Vancouver. It's hit and miss with quality and service. But, I have a feeling Hapag is going to be my go-to spot. 

The skewers were good, the pork better than the chicken, and I'd probably ask for more BBQ sauce next time. It came with rice, a simple but crisp salad and some refreshing cucumber slices in vinegar. Good value for $8.50. 

I added a side of pork sinigang which was a good call. It's a fair sized serving for $3.50, with tender pork and balanced broth. I much prefer it to Pinpin's which I find too salty and lacking the right greens. 

Lumpia Shanghai was fresh and crispy but can't compete with Mom's.

I'd put this in the same dining category as Hawkers. Nothing too fancy, but good quality and value, focused menu, and family run. Also a much nicer dining room and service. 

Looking forward to trying the rest of the menu."
"kind of pricey for pinoy food $90 for kare kare dish is quite expensive....the crispy pata is the best.....good for that
parkign is non existent.......the food close to washroom kind of not healthy
perhaps a call to the health board is in order/."
I went in Tuesday at 130 and there was 2 other people in the restaurant. It's a small space but cute and welcoming. I ordered the lunch special of bihon noodles with fried lumpia for $6.50. The food was very tasty. The lumpia are smaller than I am used to but tasted great. They are served with a spicy vinegar which is delicious. The portion was slightly small but it filled me up and tasted great. Next time I'll try the BBQ pork with halo halo for dessert.
"Food here is quite decent but the service was terribly slow but was made up by the friendly staff.

I found the portions to be way too small for what I had to pay."
This is one of our favorite restaurants in BC and our absolute favorite Filipino restaurant! THE best sizzling sisig and crispy pata!! Staff is very friendly and prices are extremely affordable.
"I finally came back to try more dishes from this little place and again I was left with a full and happy belly.  This time I got to try the famed crispy pata as well as some of the stewier dishes.

Grilled squid - x-large size is biiig but still grilled perfectly
Chicken inasal - the orders are per piece which seems a little pricey but the pieces are pretty big
Kare-kare - I liked the richness of the dish; my filipino-food-expert diners said they expected it to be more thick of a stew and more peanutty but it was still tasty.
Pinakbet - good varied mix of veggies
Crispy pata - man oh man this was good.  I married into a family that is serious about their crispy pata and they all said this was amazing.  My husband is already plotting how to order a large size again....just for himself.

$100 fed 6 of us with leftovers.  I haven't tried their desserts yet but I'm sure I'll be back for a third visit soon!"
I really enjoyed this place.  The food was delicious.  Their menu is quite small and limited (which made me want to order everything) but what they do have is delicious.  The staff is really friendly and the restaurant is very clean.  We ordered the kare kare, sizzling sisig, bbq and crispy pata and enjoyed it all.  I would definitely be back here.
Absolutely delicious Sisig and Crispy Pata. The portion is plenty and the price is reasonable. Of all the Filipino places I've tried, this one is by far one of the best. Service can be slow especially during busy times, but the food is worth it.
When it comes to Bbq, Hapag is the place. These guys know how to balance flavours. Honestly, I've tried numerous Bbq places but Hapag stands out. They use quality meats and stir up a concoction of different seasonings that brings out this authentic Filipino bbq flavour (a good balance of sweet and salty). Yum!! If you haven't tried Filipino bbq before then I highly recommend you trying this restaurant out. My other favourites are their crispy pata, lumpiang gulay, miki and all their delicious desserts!! It's all about flavour, flavour, flavour with Hapag. Another plus for them is their affordable prices !! You get a generous serving of delicious and good quality food for cheap ... it's a good deal !! It's hard not to fill up with this kind of deal but make sure you leave some room for desserts, you won't regret it. :)
"Slightly belated review: my husband and I ordered takeout from here for a multicultural Mother's Day potluck, to introduce my parents to Filipino cuisine.  We ordered the lumpias, BBQ pork skewers, and grilled squid.  All of the offerings were delicious and also passed muster from my discerning in-laws (and my ultra-discerning husband).  

We will have to return for the much-raved over crispy pata, but so glad to encounter more good Filipino cuisine in Vancouver!"
"Small, family run business with friendly service and good, authentic Filipino cuisine. I came here with my family and we tried a variety of items: 

Grilled Skewers (chicken, pork and chicken inasal) - Juicy, tender and flavourful. A must order. 

Pancit - Very flavorful, but a little wetter than i'm used to. 

Lumpia Shanghai - Nice amount of filling, hot and crispy, not too greasy. 

Sizzling Sisig - Minced pork and crackling, served hot on a cast iron plate. Very good."
"Supposedly the best crispy pata in town. I ordered the pinakbet, pork BBQ meal, and a crispy pata. It took 45 mins for the crispy pata to cook, I'd recommend that one call-in ahead to order. They have three sizes S,M,L. 
I'll start will the good. The crispy pata was phenomenal, it was crunchy, soft and tasty. The meal portions are good. Service was also excellent, they are very friendly and will give you recommendations if you're not sure on what you want. 
Why I am rating this place with four instead of five stars? The pinakbet and BBQ were bland, and parking was a pain."
The flavour here never fails. I ordered party trays yesterday for 30 people and it was efficiently prepared that satisfied everyone. Crispy Pata(pork hock), best in town, in my humble opinion.
"Ok lang.

Lumpia were crispy and tasty.  Dipping sauce wasn't homemade - it was the bottled Thai chili sauce.  The caldareta lacked the tomato-ey savoury goodness that the stew is known for; but this could be a regional variation.  If it is, then this region should change its recipe!
The chicken inasal was tasty, but not worth the trip.  The eggplant salad was kind of bland.  Prices were kinda high.  I'm used to Toronto, where Filipino food can be had pretty cheaply, and the quality is better.  Wished Vancouver had better representation."
"The last time I tried a Filipino restaurant, Max's on Kingsway, I walked away disappointed and vowed never to eat there again.  So, I was a bit weary about trying out this place, which is two blocks from our home.  I noticed the Yelp rating was 4 stars, which persuaded me to give Filipino cuisine another try.  Glad I did.

This tiny, hole-in-the-wall is clean and bright.  There might only be enough space for about 16-20 patrons.  A banner on the window indicated that it was their 2nd anniversary this week, entitling us to 15% off the bill.  Bonus!

My wife ordered the BBQ chicken on rice which tasted a lot like Teriyaki chicken.  It was served with pickled cucumber which my wife enjoyed.  Serving size was adequate, and chicken was well glazed with sauce.  Nothing spectacular, but a solid meal.

I ordered the deep-fried pork hock which comes in small, medium and large sizes.  The small size, at $12, was large enough for the two of us.  The skin was crispy on the outside, the meat was tender in the center and the surface meat was crunchy and savory.  The serving size was generous which made me wonder how much bigger the large serving would have been.  Best of all, they provided a vinegar/soy sauce dip which was absolutely tangy and made the pork meat really pop in my mouth.

I would have liked to try the soups and noodles, but we were quite full after our meal. We'll have to come back to sample some other items from the menu.  Our bill came to $18 with the 15% discount.  I would have been happy paying full price so I left a nice tip."
"Really not sure what to expect from Filipino BBQ, but was pleasant surprised.

Parking is available on the side streets.

The inside is more like a cafe or someone's dining room than a restaurant, but is clean and quiet.  Very homely.

Staff are very friendly.

They had a sisig special the day we went - something about sizzling pig brain and snout.  Unfortunately my friends weren't adventurous enough to try.

Most of the dishes are easily shared, but some of them seem like they were more geared towards individual portions.  Something to keep in mind.

Lumpia Shanghai - shrimp and pork spring rolls.  Nice and thin.  Served with sweet chili dipping sauce.

Lumpiang gulay - vegetarian spring rolls.  Also very tasty.

Miki pansit - pork and shrimp vermicelli.  A bit difficult to serve as everything clumped together.  Taste was mediocre, but maybe it's because I'm used to the Chinese-style vermicelli.

Filipino - BBQ - 3 skewers with rice.  Quite good, though this one is a bit difficult to share.

Pork bones sinigang (soup) - nice and thin broth.  Pork bones are nice and big.

Crispy pata (pork hock) - special mention.  They deep fry the crap out of this thing.  It's a bit heavy on the bones, but when eaten fresh, this dish is truly beautiful.  The tangy sauce enhances the flavour more.  As an added bonus, one gets a quick anatomy lesson on a certain pig appendage.

Our bill was about $80 feeding 6 people.  Not bad at all!

The only downside to this place?  It closes early, even on Fridays (2030).  Not a complaint, but something to keep in mind.  Go early.

Will definitely be back.  Recommended."
We came by on July 1st (Canada Day) and they were closed. Came back on July 2nd and decided to order our item to go as the place was full at 3pm. The food was definitely worth a try for authentic Filipino cuisine. We ordered the a few pork skewers combo, lumpia, sisig, miki and krispy pata. All were yum! Would definitely be back next time we are in town.
"I had a fun night with other Yelpers at the supper club. It was my first time trying Filipino Foods so I was glad that there were so many experts on hand. Our waiter, Massimo, had his hands full cause the place was PACKED!! Keep in mind this little gem closes early so don't think you have all night. 
I'm not yet up on the proper names for things so I'll just describe items and hopefully other 'newbies' will find it helpful. 
We started with familiar appies of deep fried spring rolls available as vegetarian or pork with a bit of veg. The pork ones come with a sweet chili sauce and the Veg you use the table options ( spicy vinegar, salty fish sauce or soya). One expert told me that the spicy vinegar helps with breaking down the high fats . We then moved on to the more adventurous appies PIG EAR AND STOMACH grilled to a near Crispy finish and cut into 1"" size and skewered 3 for $3. It spelled delish and the texture was new but not unpleasant. It was like eating seasoned fatty Crispy edge of a piece of meat with a crunchy part (starts with C).
I was less adventurous with the main course in that I chose the barbecued chicken combo $9 which has a slightly sweet finish to the meat and the spicy vinegar went beautifully on the veg and rice that accompanied it. The pork skewers 4minimum/$1.50 ea were tender and delish. Sadly we were all too full for dessert but there were some amazing choices worth saving space for on a return visit."
Delicious Filipino BBQ. They don't serve all types of Filipino food but they do serve sinigang and I must say its one of the best in terms of restaurant quality sinigang. They don't skimp on the meat and its not just fat like they serve at pinpins and its not super sour.
"They have the best pork Bbq so far!
So much flavour and has really captured Filipino taste!
Service is a little bit too slow though. Food wise I would highly recommend!

Order: CRISPY PATA, Pork bbq, Chicken Inasal"
I would totally recommend the crispy pata.  Pinakbet wasn't so bad either.  They have really friendly staff too.  Overall I had a great experience.
I consider myself a crispy pata connoisseur and this place does it right!  Its soooooo good.  Order a crispy pata with a small bowl of rice (and I prefer lechon sauce as well) and prepare yourself for heaven :)
"I've read quite a few good reviews about their crispy pata so I thought I'd try it. The meat quality wasn't that great, had a ""porky"" smell to it and the pancit wasn't as great tasting. Overall, it's okay to dine in if you're craving for a Filipino dish in this area..."
"Was craving for some Filipino food so I yelped it and came across this restaurant.  It was a Friday night so the place was packed.  Good thing we managed to nab the last table for 2.  

The menu is pretty simple.  We got the pinakbet, sinigang soup and the pork skewer combo.  The pinakbet was laden with lots of veggies (okra, squash, string beans, eggplant) which is good.  Veggies were not mushy.  I prefer it to have more of a shrimp paste flavor rather than fish sauce, but I'm a-okay with this dish.  The sinigang came in hot which is good and had some daikon, taro and 4 pieces of meaty pork neck bone.  The pork combo came with 5 small skewers, rice, salad and pickled cucumber.  I love the skewers.  They were very flavorful.  I like the pickled cucumber too.  

Service is a bit slow as there was only 1 server and she was so busy with take out orders as well as serving the customers who are there.  I sympathize with her. They need one more server on weekends I think.  

Value-wise, I would say it's pretty good value.  Would definitely come back again, but maybe not on a weekday.  Would love to try the lumpia gulay next time as well as the crispy pata.  Next time..."
The most amazing restaurant EVER!!!!! We will be back no how far it takes to get here. So delicious everything. Try it all don't be afraid.
"As I've mentioned on many occasions in the past, there is a distinct lack of Filipino restaurants in Vancouver. I'm still not entirely sure why.

In any case, I heard about a hole-in-the-wall place on Victoria Drive called Hapag Ihaw-Ihaw so we headed over in mid-September to try them out. While they supposedly open at 11am (based on the sign on their door), they weren't open when we arrived. Seeing someone in the back of the restaurant, we decided to walk up and down Victoria Drive a few times to see if they were actually going to open or not. By about 11:15am, they finally had their open sign on and their tables ready.

We decided on trying a few items including the Lumpia Shanghai ($4), Crispy Pata ($16 for large), Pinakbet ($12), and BBQ Chicken Combo ($9). Perhaps one of the things that creates a barrier for Filipino restaurants is the marketing of their dishes to non-Filipinos. In other cuisines like Chinese and Japanese, the name of dishes are fairly friendly and you can usually tell what you're ordering.

The best dish that we had here was the BBQ Chicken Combo as the chicken was quite tender and served with a tasty pickled cucumber salad.

Next up was the Pinakbet which is basically a mixed veggie dish with string beans, eggplant, okra, squash, and fish sauce.

Lumpia Shanghai is basically spring rolls filled with pork and shrimp with a sweet chili dipping sauce. These thin spring rolls didn't have a lot of filling but they were crispy and turned out pretty good.

The dish that their menu said is a must try is the Crispy Pata or pork trotter. We originally wanted to order a smaller plate but they said they only had large and extra-large available. Trotter is the lower part of the pig foot (unlike the pork hock which is just below the knew but above the ankle) so if you're a bit squeamish about it, this might not be the dish for you. Personally, I found that the skin was nice and crispy but the meat underneath was on the dry side. It does come with a soy-vinegar dip which helps with the dry parts of the trotter.

Overall, I've had better Filipino food before and I found the service to be a bit lacking here."
Our favourite Filipino restaurant for Sisig & Crispy Pata. Their combo meals are so good and at a very good price. Family run place and the loving care the have for their business shows in the good service and good food served. Keep up the good work!
Our first of many! We loved the Chicken Inasal & BBq! Not dry at all. And the cucumber salad side is superb! To end it with the epic Halo Halo was the best! Came here by word of mouth and thanks to Yelp!
The crispy pata was so good! The bbq chicken was unbelievably soft. It would definitely be worth a try.
"Confession: I'm obsessed with pork hock. I love pork hock. There isn't a pork hock I've met that I didn't fall in love with.

With that out of the way, take everything I say with a grain of salt: the pata (crispy deep fried pork hock) is amazing. I found some of the meat dry but that goes with even some of the German pork hock I've had, so I didn't mind it. Also, you dip it in this amazingly delicious sauce that complements the pork so well that it just moistens it into an even more heavenly status. I ordered a medium and regretted it immediately; I should have gotten a large. That pork hock deserves to be taken home and caressed and fawned over in a very private way. 

The lumpia gulay was delicious. The vegetarian spring roll was deep fried perfectly and was not oily at all. The vegetables in there were fresh and plentiful. The sweet vinegary sauce they serve it with was spot on. Great dish.

We also got the pork neck soup and it was also very delicious. I loved the tartness that the tamarind gave to the dish. It also wasn't a very porky dish even though it had pork neck in it. I would have liked to see more vegetables and more pork (you'll rarely hear me say this). They were so generous with the pork but not enough with the veggies. I know most patrons/customers complain about the reverse but not here: more veggies please?

Oh those skewers. OMG those skewers *moans*. I love pork in general...and all its parts. I got the pork stomach and ears. They were grilled so well and the sauce on it really made the already delicious meat even better. The stomach was also cleaned really well, so props to them. Those ears were just so gelatinous and crispy on the outside. I could have easily eaten a dozen of those skewers. I could just eat pata and stomach and ears with a side of rice. BRING IT ON!

The desserts were interesting. The crushed cashews in layers of very hard/frozen butter cream was really interesting. Reminded me slightly of Notte Bon Ton's diplomat cake. The coconut ice cream with coconut milk and pandan jelly was delectable. It was so refreshing and wonderful I could have ordered a 2nd, but I resisted that urge.

This was my first visit but definitely not my last. 


Sidenote: they have a rather small menu because everything is fresh. So don't expect PinPin's gigantic menu here. What they do, they do well (or at least everything we ate they did well)."
"This was my first time ever trying Filipino food (thanks to International supper club put out by Issabelle, the CM)  and it was pretty good! It was a LOT more fresh and light than I thought it would be, perhaps because I ordered a grilled chicken dish. I've heard so so so much about lumpias and was super glad to try it. The veggie ones were delish, would recommend. Lumpia is essentially filipino spring rolls. 

For my main, I ordered chicken and it came with a super delicious salad. The chicken was grilled nicely and not overgrilled at all. One thing I noticed about filipino food was that there were little to none vegetarian options when it came to main dishes. They would benefit from one or two stand out veggie options I feel! The sour pork bone soup looked reaaal good tho. 

The venue itself is quite understated and fairly small, but I kind of like that vibe. Very very casual. The place was quite bustlin' when we went so our food didn't come out the FASTEST, but it was understandable. The waiter did above and beyond by allowing me to charge my phone behind their counter! 

Overall, it was a good experience and I'm glad I got a taste of filipino food!"
"Two words. CRISPY PATA!

..... MMMMMM....

For real though, this place is the bomb!
Best flip joint in the area for sure."
Tiny place rather off the beaten path, but delicious Filipino food with a friendly waiter. The BBQ options are highly recommended, the lumpia was delicious also, and the vegetarian rolls were great. I'm definitely no expert on Filipino food but those with me said this was the authentic deal, and it was definitely delicious. If you're curious to try Filipino food, this would be a great place to come!
"5 star skewers!! Thanks to Simon K & Wendy Y, I stopped by this small yet clean & modern hole in the wall for some delicious Filipino BBQ skewers.

$2.50 a skewer, minimum order of 2 - juicy & tasty.  Give all 3 a try, I liked the pork & chicken inasal (subtle lemongrass flavours) the most.  Comes with a small side of pickled cucumber & onions.

Also had an order of the Lumpia - pretty good spring rolls, cute and tightly rolled.

The pancit wasn't my favourite - we had the chicken with rice noodles and I ended up adding fish sauce & lemon to give it more flavour.  Sliced carrots & cabbages just aren't my thing on noodles.

Overall I'd definitely come back for more of those skewers and to try the pata!"
Small location on Victoria Drive. Good Filipino food on the area and the food quite decent. Love their sigsig here! Quiet and respectable atmosphere. Nothing quite special here with regards to the ambiance. The staff here is friendly and nice people. Seems like a family run business. My wife and I come here from time to time when we crave for Filipino cuisine! Parking can be difficult to find around this area. So that's one downside of the location. But other than that. One of the better smaller family run businesses in the city. Recommended to try ou
What can I say, I had the kare kare, Laing, adobo, beef steak, longonisa, and I have no clue was the last one. Impressive, not greasy, has flavor and average cost. The owners were as if they never left Manila. even the store was like in Manila. It was as good as Maynila.
This is one of those places that you would never find if it wasn't for word of mouth, dumb luck or for Yelp... Its a small Filipino convenience store located inside a gas station along a big road between Orlando and Christmas (FL).  It sells a variety of Filipino favorites as well as some other Asian food, but the best part is probably that they have a kitchen and they sell ready made Filipino food.  Whenever we're in the area, we tend to make a pitstop (no pun intended) to pick up some groceries and the food.  Be sure to check out the big white refrigerators near the front cause they have different varieties of ice cream.
Gave them a  2nd try, ordered Calderetta Kambing &  Palabok, this time around there were less olives in  the Calderetta which made this taste the way its suppose to. The  Palabok was splendid.
"First time I ever went here after moving to the Orlando area in 2001. I'm very particular about Filipino food especially since I am Filipino myself. Nothing comes close to my mom's home cooking, but I must say for the price and portions given to myself and a friend for lunch earlier today...it was worth it. Don't let the location fool you into thinking it won't be good (after all it's located in a gas station lot, CITGO). 
For a small business, the grocery/canteen is very charming. It definitely gives you a sense of how the stores/turo-turo are like in the Philippines (small yet adequate in variety of items). I barely had the chance to walk around since our lunch time was brief, but we did order food to go.
We ordered pancit (rice noodles with chicken and veggies), chicken adobo, and steamed rice. The portions were plenty in that the styrofoam could barely close lol. We also got coconut drinks and Goldilocks ensaymada (brioche with cheese and coconut bread) for dessert. Bottom line...the food was great. The pancit was seasoned well and not oily. The chicken adobo was tasty, with right blend of soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, black pepper corn, and bay leaf. Overall a great experience for lunch. 
If you're looking for your Filipino food fix or just want to try something different for a change, give De Guzman a chance. I would come back here and definitely look into their catering services and stock up on some grocery items too. Great first impression!"
Love the lunch here been going for years. Staff is very friendly. I always get the fish or legume it's always awesome but they have plenty of other things I have ate here that is totally amazing. Definitely recommend for Filipino food.
Excellent food!! Love it!! I recommend it to Spanish people, some dishes are similar. Also, you can order ahead for big party dishes. Great chicharon!!!
"I come here to buy my magnolia ube and mango ice cream and also prepared filipino dishes. I love their kare kare.. although Andrea's (CALIF) is better!

They make good menudo..pancit (can be tad salty sometimes)..chicken and pineapple.

They also make kare kare on the weekends. One thing about entrees made on the weekends they sell out fast! The weekends they have the best items like pancit, lumpia, kare kare, etc.. Go there before 12pm to get the best entrees freshly cooked!"
So I only came here for the food cart they have in the back of the store and authentic Phillipino or Filipino food. If you want pancit and pork belly, come here. Pork belly is served during weekends I believe and the cart has few selections but they are all very good.
"This is not a restaurant but it's more of a buffet style point and purchase (A La Carte) To-GO only located within a Food Mart next to a gas station. I do not know the names of most of the food that I order but so far everything has been extremely good!! The items vary day to day but a few items you can usually get there are 
Puncit- Filipino Lo Mein
Adobo(Chicken or Beef)-Any meat slow cooked in vinegar, soy sauce, garlic and bay leaf. The meat is usually very tender!
Rice- Obvious Item??     

They also have a menu to order for large parties that features my favorite item Lumpia- Miniature eggrolls that are filled with meat.Other items include fish and pork rinds.  The store imports a lot of items from the Philippines that are considered a delicacy to my kids like Coconut Juice, and Pocky Sticks- a pretzel stick coated with chocolate or strawberry. In the freezer they have green tea ice cream and pre made Lumpia if you are lazy like myself. 

Overall if you are looking for a good affordable meal with serious flavor go here for a taste of the Philippines."
Just found out about De Guzman, a friend recommended. The prepared food was fresh and delicious. I was promptly greeted when we came in the door, they asked if they could help us find anything or had questions. I interacted with 2 employees, both very friendly. A few others working in the kitchen poked their heads out to greet us. Overall the store was clean. Ordered Pancit to go, YUM, and frozen lumpia. Fried Lumpia when I got home, delicious! I Also purchased frozen Lumpia wrappers. I highly recommend you try this place and don't go on other's opinions because if you do you are missing out! Prices were very reasonable. Went to the Colonial (50) and 417 location. Will definitely be back!
This is a small Filipino grocery store with prepared delicious home cooked meals. Our family's favorites are kare-kare, sisig, pakbet, ginisang upo, dinuguan, beef steak, lechon kawali, laing, kaldereta, mongo, lumpia. It saves time so we don't have to cook during the week as we order several meals especially on weekend visits to our son and family.
"Love getting catered Filipino food here! My favorite order to get is lumpias and palabok. Prices are great. You can practically get same day order if they are not too busy.

Just basic stuff for an oriental market though, may have trouble finding certain ingredients."
Small store located next to a gas station. They  sell some Filipino grocery products. Not as much selection as another Filipino store down the street but we really like this place because they make food here. We stopped by on our last trip to Orlando and bought some food to bring with us to eat during the drive back home. The food was delicious and it was so much better than eating fast food.
When family doesn't feel like cooking, we can always count on DeGuzman to make excellent Filipino food. The BBQ on the stick is awesome. Best I've tasted in Florida. All the other foods served are also good especially, Kare Kare, adobo, diniguan, lumpia, kaldereta, etc., etc. Give them a call and order some of their food today. You won't be disappointed. The service at the OBT area is wonderful. One person commented that he received poor service and that Filipinos are not friendly people and that must be our culture. WRONG! When you want good home cooked Filipino food, you must try DeGuzman!
To start, this is not a restaurant. It is a counter service place where you pick your dishes and take it home. The dishes are very cheap: approximately $4-8 per container (depending on the size you want). The dishes also change daily. Typically I call ahead of time (around 10:30am) to hear what they are cooking for the day. They sometimes sell out of certain dishes by 1pm. They will also hold food for you if you ask. The employees are typically friendly, and the dishes are authentic. If you're looking for lechon kawali, they usually have it, but you have to ask (sometimes they don't have it at the counter for you to see). Weekends are very busy, so call ahead and have them hold containers for you if you have your heart set on something specific. They also have Filipino ice cream for you to take home (located in the big freezers along the wall).
This is a great go to spot if you are wanting delicious Filipino food and don't have time to cook for dinner. I usually stop on the way home and pick up 1-3 of the items they have prepared. This evening I picked up Pork Sinigang, Caldareta, and a Mongo Bean dish.  Plenty for a family of 6 and for a decent price. I also, go here for their lumpia, which you can't go wrong with if you need something to bring for a party or potluck.
"I would have never known about this place until my co-worker told me where I could get some delicious Filipino desserts. Growing up near the Philippines, I was exposed to lots of treats that I had daydreamed about for years. 

The store is located right in the middle of the mess that is currently East Colonial, so it was easy to miss. It is also very small, and if there is a line waiting at the prepared foods queue, it WILL get cramped in the store. I have not had a chance to get some of the prepared foods, but I will one of these days, when I'm not in a hurry. 

The crowning glory of this store is the prepared desserts. Lots of rice-flour cakes, the stuff that my childhood was made of. Sapin-sapin, puto, cuchinta... they're all there! The best time to go is Friday afternoon, as that is when they seem to get their dessert shipment. As soon as I took my first bite of sapin-sapin in almost a decade, I knew I had found a winner in De Guzman. 

I don't buy any of the groceries there, only because they sell pretty basic things that I can get elsewhere. I imagine most of their traffic comes from those seeking their prepared foods, though."
This is a very nice place for Filipino dishes like dinuguan, sisig and a lot more. Prices are very reasonable, customer service is much appreciated and the place is very clean. You can also phone in for your orders.
Delicious home-style cooking with very friendly staff. The Chicken/Pork BBQ are to die for. Also try the Silogs. I especially like the Bangsilog, perfect breakfast meal.
Awesome food and service. Prices are reasonable and it's a good go to place when you're looking for a sure spot to hit the spot.
"Came here for Takeout. It's a small place inside and you have to walk through a Filipino Convenience store, but the menu is comprehensive of filipino cuisine (not just adobo). 

I had a delicious Bicol Express (Diced pork in coconut suace), Crispy Binagoongan (Pork Belly in Tomato Shrimp Paste Sauce) , Pinakbet (mixed veggies with pork chicken and shrimp) and Bulalo (Ox Tail Soup) which were all amazing. There is so much to check out for a future visit that I will for sure be back.

Calling in the order was easy and the ETA was right on time."
Met a friend her for a casual weekday lunch. I had the tofu sisig and garlic fried rice. Both came fresh and hot and were delicious. Service was fast and friendly. Looking forward to coming back!
"Let me start by saying, this is our favourite Filipino restaurant on this side of the river. But when we were there last night, something was really lacking. The service was non existent, the food was off, and the servers seemed more interested in mocking the young new guy (seemed like one of their brothers).

Last night we had Crispy Pata, Pork Sisig, Pork Sinigang and Leche Flan. 

The crispy pata was really bland. Even with the vinegar dip, it just tasted like oil and had no seasoning on it whatsoever (or so it seemed). 

The Sisig was just a big pile of oil. It was almost like they cooked it in a bunch of oil, then poured a ladle of oil on the sizzling plate, and poured the sisig on top. You could not taste any of the ingredients and was almost inedible. 

The sinigang was actually pretty good! I'm not a huge fan of sinigang but my wife loves it. It had a really great flavour and was full of fresh tasting ingredients!

The leche flan was the star or the show. But you can never go wrong with leche flan .

I would like to give them more stars but we were never checked on once during our meal and when we wanted to order something else, there was no on nearby. 

I know we will be back because we've had more good experiences than bad here, but it really let us down last night."
First time to be here for dinner with 4 friends and our experienced was good. The restaurant door is confusing as it's being shared with the grocery store. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The food was good. I like their Dinakdakan and Crispy Pata. The Bicol Expesss dish is a bit confusing from its color and taste. Their prices are reasonable.
The bbq chicken skewer were good but the rest of the meal was a huge disappointment. The garlic rice looked like they mixed half of the old garlic rice with steamed rice, the fresh lumpia was mostly filled with carrots and the wrapper was too thick, and the palabok was just horrible, barely any sahog, noodles were undercook and the flavour was so off like someone was heavy handed with the fish sauce. Eventhough we paid for all the meals, we decided to throw out the food to avoid risking ourselves from food poisoning. I've had better experience at Pinpin or Zugba in Henlong.
Best authentic Filipino food in the area! It's a small restaurant where you have to enter through a Filipino grocery store but it's very clean and the staff are very welcoming! Try the barbecue pork or chicken with the garlic fried rice or some of their lunch specials. Their pancit (ask for it mixed between the two types of pancit) is the best I've had. They also cater for events!
"La Meza Grill is for the young and old. It serves not only all the traditional dishes the whole family knows and loves, but it puts a modern twist on them making it an instant classic. The staff does a great job creating a welcoming environment and caters to all of your needs. I live on the other side of the country but would fly back for another one of those amazing BBQ sticks. Keep it up La Meza Grill and to my fellow Yelpers, this really is 5 Star - ""As good as it gets!"" Enjoy."
The food is authentic and tastes great. I would recommend the pork barbecue because the serving was thick and sweet. My only concern is that they should serve all the food closer together between times. Otherwise the ambiance is very nice, it's clean, the service is great and everything is pleasing to look at. Definitely going to come here again!
"Nice Filipino restaurant adjacent to a Filipino store - all in one location. The diner's ambiance is good. The servers are efficient. The selection is of typical Filipino signature dishes. We dined in with some orders made to-go. They cook as you order, btw.

One thing we notice right off the bat is that a dish is neither too salty nor too sweet which is great for people who are either watching what they eat or not used to the typical saltiness and  sweetness of Filipino culinary dishes.

Our take-out orders had big portions. Bigger than what the other Filipino diners would provide at the same price. However, we wished they had not the transferred the hot Pancit Canton straight from the cooking pan and onto the styro box right away as this somehow melted the bottom of the box. Yikes. In spite of this miss, we'd still come back and try the other dishes."
"The place is quite small but has enough table and seats for small groups.

We tried the tuna belly, chicken pandan, grilled platter that comes with grilled fish, squid, pork, and chicken.  All are so good and worth the wait.  

Grilled tuna belly is hard to find.  I'm so glad to find this place.

As of this writing, they only have the lechon on weekends.

The service is typical to asian restaurant.  You have to call their attention if you need anything.

The entrance is not obvious to first timers.  You need to go through the mini mart beside the restaurant."
"Best Filipino Food! I was on my way back to Cali then I started craving for Filipino food so I stopped by here.
I've ordered chicken inasal and it was really tasty. I also ordered Spaghetti for $9, at first I thought it was expensive but when they gave me the food, it was a lot. It's probably good for 3-5 people. Also, they have the best sago't gulaman."
Enter in through the Filipino grocery store to get into this place. I waited a few minutes before I was acknowledged. There are two servers who need a little lesson in addressing their customers immediately. But when they do acknowledge you their good. Everything looks good. I ordered a small garlic rice and an order of Kare Kare with delicious bagoong (sautéed shrimp paste) on the side. Ok the small garlic rice is not small. It's more than adequate even for me. Maybe I'm getting older ;p. The big bowl of Kare Kare was delicious and full of that wonderful peanut sauce flavor. The oxtail could've used more pressure cooking as the meat was not fall of the tail. However the tripe was tender and tasty. The ample amounts of string beans, bok Choy and eggplant was cooked right and has wonderful crisp and excellent contrast to the tender tripe. I should mention that the garlic while it was plentiful should've been fried more to separate the grains. It was abit clumpy. When I came in I did see some people with sticks of pork BBQ which looked delicious. I'll be back to try them. I have no room for the dessert dang it. The table across from me ordered Halo Halo and it looked big enough to serve a few people. I'll be back. Thanks
This was not on our original plan to have Filipino food for lunch but we were glad in the end that we did. Pinpin down the street closed. So we Tried some of their signature dishes like bulalo, crispy Binagoongan, grilled squid and bangus sisig.  Pleasantly delicious.  The Binagoongan had coconut milk which was a good surprise.  We very much enjoyed the Bangus sisig. Overall 4 star review for the food.  Servers were quite shy so hopefully they can interact a bit more.
"La Meza Grill is situated inside a Filipino grocery store. My first time having Filipino food so can't really compare. There were a few names I recognize but my friend told me that for two it's wise not to order too many as it might get filling. 

We had the beef noodle soup which was ok to me. The broth tasted like Campbell chicken noodle soup. The noodles were also similar to that except they were longer. The beef was tender and there were cuts of carrots and onions. For the main we ordered the pork hock. Initially I wanted to order Kare Kare but thought that would go better with rice. Perhaps next time. The pork hock was crispy and it was indeed a good portion for two. I liked the vinaigrette that came on the side with some dice onions to cut through the fattiness of the pork. 

I knew I can't leave a Filipino restaurant without try halo halo. We got one to share since it's winter time and we knew couldn't finish one without turning into an ice cube. In hindsight, I realized we had to mix everything instead of eating each part on it's own. I guess that's the reason why I didn't enjoy it as much. The ube ice cream on was nice and creamy and went well with the ice. I liked the coconut jelly, leche flan but the sweet beans at the bottom weren't my favourite. Not sure if I'd order this again."
Everytime I order my party tray here its always excellent service good price too. Will definitely be back for my party food here. :)
"This is a must visit restaurant. The food is served hot off the oven and I really love the pandan chicken. The service is fast and the only drawback is the space. It's rather small but if you're waiting anyway, might as well go shopping. There's a store right at the entrance. Make sure you leave room for dessert. The prices are a good bang for the buck.

Here's my Vlog in La Meza Grill.

https://youtu.be/a5ysASFfblA"
"Best Filipino food experience in greater Van! Very generous portions and great tasting food! Great value for a good price! Good option for family or group dinner! Be prepared to take food home if you're eating by yourself or as two people or if you order more than one dish.
Good and friendly service! Quiet surroundings. Plenty of parking outside"
There's a filipino grocery shop next to it and you can go there while waiting for your order to arrive. It's got the typical filipino restaurant vibe, nothing fancy. The kare kare and sisig are bomb, definitely worth a try. If you go there in a group of 4, two orders of sides and a bowl of rice should be plenty, as their portions are decent.
So glad we got to try this place on the way back home to WA. Authentic Filipino food and feels like I'm back home! We had lechon kawali, ginataan squash, and Bangus sisig. The sisig was my favorite! Must try.
Generous portions and great asian flavors, we had the grilled squid, roasted pork hock and chicken curry with garlic rice. I wouldn't have been able to make this on my own at home, I'm sure they used a real charcoal grill and rotisserie to cook with. I would order all these dishes again for sure as they all taste good. Will definitely be back next time to try their other dishes.
"We met a family at the Richmond Night Market a couple of weeks ago and they suggested we try this place out. Given our love for food and adventure, we decided to drive 40 minutes from Vancouver to try this restaurant out. When we arrived, we figured the entrance was via a convenience store, which was quite weird. You wouldn't really know unless you were paying attention to signage. Once you're in, you wait to be seated. It is a lovely impressive little hidden restaurant. Very clean and organized. It's cosy and has a little bit of a Filipino feel to it - it reminded me of a few places in the Philippines that we visited. The little bamboo covers on the lights are so cool! 
We ordered several dishes based on recommendations. Our server was so friendly and patient with us as our group ordered. Our favourite dishes were their crispy chicken and pork. Our least favourite was the rice noodle dish and a dish made with pork heart and liver. I am game to try everything and I did just that when my husband and friend ordered the heart and liver dish. I tried it and I disliked it - it was a very weird, acquired taste. My husband and friend said it was not what they expected and have had before; so we'd score it a 2/10. The rice noodle dish was okay - noodles was a little over cooked or maybe it was pre cooked and was rewarmed; it was also quite bland. We'd rate it 5/5. 
Crispy pork - juicy, succulent and flavourful. Crispy skin as expected. A little different flavour profile than what I've previously had at other restaurants but it was delicious. Quantity was great for the price. We'll give it a 8/10. 
Crispy chicken - truly decadent. So moist on the inside; crispy on the outside and just the right amount of seasoning. We'd rate it 10/10. 
We paid $58 for 4 main dishes, rice and 3 bowls of soup/broth. The broth is amazing - $0.75 per bowl and you either choose beef broth or sinigang (sour broth with tomatoes). The sour broth was phenomenal! 
Lots of parking in the area. If you arrive and there's no one around to seat you; put yourself on the waiting list - they have a paper and pen on their little check - in desk."
This restaurant has a good amount of servings per order, price is just right as well. As for the taste, It is definitely genuinely cooked by filipinos. Thus, no complaints at all except for having limited number of tables available.. it get busy on weekends.
I miss mama's cooking... this place nailed the spot. My home away from home. There was a great selection and they had Sarsi!!!!! I highly recommend the adobong pusit! It's made perfectly!
"this place been around for 20 years.....food is still consistent
quite pricey for the lechin kawali
the fresh lumpia good deal for $3
another hole on the wall type of eatery
owners are very nice people"
"It's a small place with limited selection. 

I ordered adobe and to my surprise the meat was extremely tender and the taste was spot on wonderful. Usually the buffet style places I've been too, they don't really pay attention to tenderize meat because obvly they need to look at the time. Anyways, four stars because the food was bomb."
"Home cook pinoy food so good me and my daughter always order  the Tapsilog it is by far the best. 3 star here

12.13.14 came back here for Tapsilog with my daughter my driving is at least 20 min and when I am ready to order Tapsilog the old lady told me their busy at the back and if i could just order anything ready. WOW typical Pilipino.  Never going back again. 0 star here."
Turo-Turo as we called it way back home meaning just point from the glass which food you want,a bunch of pinoy dishes lining up inside you can see them from a glass.small place that serves authentic filipino cuisine,fast food and order...they cater aswell,family owned business,service is very homey,big flat screen tv continiously showing filipino programs,no public wash room street parking plus theres few spots  at the rear,you can have the chocolate milk(pork blood stew)friend fish mostly tilapia,crispy pork belly and pata....desserts are awesome aswell,turon(banana frittle) and a lot more,they serve good chowmein aswell and other pinoy dishes like afritada,menudo,bopis,pakbet etc etc....lumpiang sariwa is good too,...if you are craving for south east asian dishes you might wish to drop by here...accept card and cash...small place plus the tv on the noise level is a bit morethan average......ive been to this place countless time and it always satisfy my taste buds and tummy......
"Its a touch run down down look to it.
Which is Standard in the Philippines, they like to earn but not spend on the decor.
Its Pinoy Soul food, its a little expensive for the look of the place. The standard tv with Tagalog shows on. Nothing special, but excelent turron ( jackfruit sweet desert )"
The food was alright. The halo halo wasn't the best but the kindest emoloyees and owner ever ! The food is more on the bland side and I don't think People who enjoy more American or European type foods will like this. I'm Vietnamese and I even thought the food was boring and bland.
I've been craving Filipino food since I moved here and I finally got some! I ordered the kare kare oxtail, lechon kawali, lumpia sariwa, and sago gulaman. Everything tasted amazing and they have good size portion of everything! Definitely will be my go-to place!
Thank you so much for catering Noah's 21st birthday dinner. It may have been a quarantined birthday, but your delicious food and extra care made it really lovely. There was nothing we didn't enjoy. Can't wait to visit when we can dine in.
It was ok. Had lumpia Shanghai. Had a funny after taste. Crunchy and good otherwise. Pancit canton. Not bad. Very little chicken or veggies. Lotta big fat noodles. Bathroom was very clean.
"My favorite Filipino restaurant in Portland area. I've tried like 3 other Filipino places in the area but theirs is the best tasting and the cleaner place. We love the Lumpiang Shanghai and Dinuguan here. The Nilagang Baka was good but not the best I've had. The Bopis needed some more spices but was still pretty good.

The serving is small and the pricing is quite expensive, but the best about this place is how friendly the staff are. They make you feel like a guest as opposed to just a person ordering."
Good food! Service was even better. Everyone was so friendly and welcoming. I loved the experience.
Excellent service! The host was so friendly and helpful in recommending items- she suggested which items were healthiest and which were most flavorful. We ordered the 6 pc Shanghai roll, Pancit Bihon, Kare Kare Oxtail, Sinigang baboy, Dinuguan, and Tocilog- highly recommend the Tocilog and the Sinigang baboy- the pork in the Tocilog is seasoned very well, and the tamarind flavor of the baboy adds a distinct flavor. We were craving Filipino food and couldn't have asked for a better place in Portland.
There are barely any Filipino places to eat in Portland which is a shame because my girlfriend's favorite food is Chicken Adobo. Tambayan does it the best, and it is our go to place whenever she needs some adobo in her life! It has a nice little homey feel to it and the whole family that works there is extremely warm and welcoming and are always asking how things are or if you need anything else. I personally like the garlic rice best if you aren't in the mood for something heavier. We just wish it wasn't so far away from us! Open one in Hillsboro please! :)
Love this place. So tastyyyy! Been there a few times now and has never disappointed. Tried pancit, lumpia, chicken, all of it was great.
On a recent trip to Portland, we called in a to-go order from Tambayan. We ordered Ox Tail Kare Kare (ox tail stew in peanut sauce), Crispy Pata (roast pork hock) , Tokwa't Baboy (pork and fried tofu), Pancit Malabon and Fried Bangus (milkfish). The owner had the food ready in 20 minutes and we enjoyed a good Filipino meal at our rental. I wish the kare kare had a bit more peanut flavor and the tokwa't baboy was all tofu with hardly any pork. However, the pancit was good along with the bangus. Crispy Pata was good, but portion size was smaller than what most restaurants offer.
"Really Good Simple Filipino Food

I went to this place to get some authentic Filipino food and that's what I got.  I had the crispy pata (big fried chunk of pig leg) and some fried chicken.  Figured we would play it safe on the first visit.  Both were excellent. The price was right as well.

The staff was unbelievably friendly.

If you want some authentic Filipino food with all the classic hallmarks of Filipino hospitality, Tambayan is the place to go!

I will be returning to eat my way through the rest of the menu."
Great food and friendly service! They're only doing take out right now and our food took about 25 minutes for 4 orders (if you need a timeframe for planning).
I enjoyed the lechon and this was my first time trying dinuguan!  It was good but a little oily. Sitting this pandemic they have you call in your order bc and pick n it up later the wait time isn't long!
"Confession:  This German/Scottish girl has, for greater than 40 years, been married to a Filipino (I thank you for your kind sympathies).  So, I have had many opportunities to develop a keen taste for the intricacies of good Filipino food.  That Portland even has this, puts a smile on my face, and I am happy to report, this is the right place for indulging.  

Why we ate out here in the first place, when Mr. B is such a fabulous cook himself, is primarily because we do not even live in this part of the country, we herald from Los Angeles (ooooh, should I say that?), and who cooks while on vacation anyway?  The second reason is, (shhhh) he is getting old and has gone on a cooking strike even when at home.  I am happy to reveal that the ""old man"" declared the recipes mirrored his mother's cooking.  His Momma (and Papa) both were excellent cooks, so this is a good starting point, and more importantly, the restaurant owners came from the same region of the Philippines.  BTW, if you are not Filipino, you will quickly notice that this is a mandatory, sizing-up question, to ask, ""What part of the Philippines did you come from?"" before they start chattering away in their native tongue to see if they share relatives.  We white folk, at this point, gaze up and count holes in the ceiling tiles.

The store front location is humble.  Parking is a challenge.  You come here to either pick up your to-go order, or because the ambiance is no big deal anyway and you don't mind the walk from your car which is parked another couple blocks down.  You come here for the genuine hospitality and for the authentic, family style food they offer.

Dinuguan.  While this dish tests the constitution of the average American palate (made with a vinegary pork blood gravy, and porky parts that are considered throw aways in white American society), in my case when made properly, is a component that no meal should be without.  I have not tasted it with so much ginger component before, but honestly, this made it even more special than I expected.   3 thumbs up!

Kari Kari is an oxtail stew.  The primary difference from this and a more European version is the gravy, made rich with peanut butter.  Our order contained two large oxtails and one small, cooked long and slow so the rich, tender meat fell off the bone, and lots of green beans. The sauce was incredibly good.

Mongo is actually a soupy, mung bean dish, flavorful with chunks of pork, garlic, some tomato, and a small bit of spinach.  This one was outstanding.

Sinigang is a tangy soup made using a tamarind base.  I will kill to get my hands on this.  While sinigang can be made using different protein, this particular one was made with pork.  Yes, Filipinos DO love their pork.  The soup also features chunks of turnip, green beans, eggplant, spinach, tomato, onion and the obligatory whole, relatively mild chile to produce just the right zing. 

Know that Filipinos start everything with onion and garlic, the more garlic the better.  If this is a date night and you plan your evening to include a close encounter, just be forewarned. 

That we discovered this place on the next to the last day before we had to leave Portland is a darn shame.  That said, those dishes we ordered gave us a great perspective on what comes out of this kitchen.  We would gladly have gone back to try more."
Lived this place, the other filipino place off os Sandy, we where trying to eat there, but it was closes on Sun/Mon. So, we found thos place on yelp. We had the lumpia as an appetizer, we add the pork abdobo, two orders of pancit (different noodles, for each) and pork chichuran (sp). It was all delicious with big portions, we had had the flan and some of the ube ice cream as a dessert. I would definately make the drive and eat here again.
"Really good cooking!   

JP and I came here Saturday evening with our Filipina friend.  She was acquainted with the owner, who came out to greet us.  Apparently, Tambayan caters too, and the owner mentioned it had been a busy day.  For just one order, they had to make 2000 shanghai rolls!

I loved the Pancit Malabon.   I could have eaten the whole order!   It was made with excellent hearty rice noodles, diced eggs (with the yolk separated from the white), sliced fresh green onion, little pieces of bay shrimp and tiny bits of what was either squid or octopus. On top of this dish was crumbled crispy pata.  The pancit had a delightful smoky flavor that was especially pronounced on first bite.  

Another really good dish was the thinly-sliced Bistek Tagalog, which tastes just like teriyaki beef jerky!  It came served in broth with a couple strands of sauteed onion.  We also ordered the Lechon Kawali, which is fried pork belly and the same thing as Mexican chicharron.  Because it is so fatty by nature, you cannot eat too much of it.  It came with a nice gravy-like dipping sauce.

The (lumpia) Shanghai Rolls were satisfactory.  Crispy, they were filled with ground pork and carrot and served with a chili dipping sauce.   Also satisfactory was the Chicken Chop Suey - made with chicken, steamed broccoli, bok choy, carrot, celery and a broth that sloshed over from a too small serving plate.

For a side, we ordered the garlic fried rice, which came with little bits of toasted coconut.  The rest of the table loved the rice, but I found the garlic a bit overwhelming.

For dessert, we had the Halo Halo Special, a layered treat served in a glass.  At the bottom were little red & green bits of a boba/gelatin.  Above that was shaved ice blended with evaporated milk and on top of that was a scoop of purple yam ice cream and a little wedge of flan.  Boy, I'd sure like to know where they purchased the smooth creamy purple yam ice cream.  I can already tell you that onsite research later in the evening indicated that it is not available at Uwajamaya.   Fubonn maybe?

Exceptionally nice tasting ice tea with a pleasing milky hearty appearance.

Now, a word or two about the service.  It was fairly quick, but there were a couple of issues.   The major issue was that when our server brought out our dishes, none of the dishes had serving spoons or forks!  Our young waiter seemed surprised when we requested serving utensils, but brought some out to us anyway.  The other thing is that we were never offered beverage refills."
The fried chicken was great the skin was great and the chicken was moist.  the garlic rice was a great complement to the fried egg (runny yolk through garlic rice? Yes please!).  The sago drink was refreshing after being out in the sun. The halo halo was a good portion for the price as well. For sure will be coming back with my gf with its reasonable pricing!
Loved their pancit bihon! Sat and talked with the owner for about 15 minutes while waiting for food!
"Craving for Filipino Food ? This place is a must try for those missing food from home. 

Food: small portions, but packs a great taste. For example,  one of the dishes that surprised us the most is the pinakbet it was the size of the palm of your hand or probably even smaller (as shown in the photo). It would have been great if it was filled all the way up, but it was half empty . It was quite disappointing so we ended up ordering another one to feed at least two more people. The portion was at least 3-5 bites good for a small person so it make sense, but the price was a bit too much  for ten dollar. 

My favorite was the sinigang baboy, I love how it's sour enough to tingle your taste buds. It definitely great with the garlic fried rice or just plain rice. My second favorite was the lechon Kawali, I know it was quite pricey , but it taste just like home in the pinas. 

The malabon palabok actually is proportion to the price and also taste great . My grandpa would always make the best palabok, so this is the closest to the one he makes so it really brought us home.

Service:  the server that assisted us throughout the end was very helpful . He was able to provide us water to keep us hydrated . He talked to my Aunty and uncles making some conversation about where they are from.  It wasn't just your typical I'll drop off your food and we go. They were friendly and made sure everything was great. 

Conclusion:  if your expecting big portions , this is not the location you want to go unless you're okay spending a few more bucks to double the quantity. However, if your not to picky about the portion or price, I believe the taste of the food is worth it."
This place is so unassuming with simple decor you wouldn't  know food and the service were amazing!  Last minute on last day of vacation searching for good eats and this delivered.  Felt like part of the family!
"Came to celebrate my birthday. The menu was extensive but we chose ""safe"" dishes. I had pancit palabok which was big serving but disappointing in that it was mostly noodles with few slices of hard-boiled egg and pork. The taste was authentic though. My husband enjoyed his chicken adobo. Our friend thought his pork adobo was too salty. We cleaned up with halo halo. It was  a fitting finale. Next time I will be more adventurous."
"Tambayan is like visiting an aunt's home. The people make you feel welcome and inviting. The decor is nonexistent, but you're not there for that. We had the chicken adobo and the lechon kawali. Lumpia to start. Everything was excellent! 

I've come to realize that nothing is ever going to be the way your grandmother or mother made it. Just take things for what they are. Enjoy the place for what it is. There are so many variations in cooking filipino food. There are many other options at Tambayan that aren't fried. Like any other cuisine, if you're not willing to try then you're missing out!"
Delicious, affordable, and generous portion sizes of lumpia shanghai, fresh vegetable lumpia, and kare kare with rice. The owner named Cindy was warm, welcoming, and friendly. We appreciated her for her amazing hospitality and excellent Filipino restaurant. Cute and cozy inside with beautiful decorations. A wonderful place to gather at and share meals with friends and loved ones. We highly recommend this place and will definitely return again.
"We liked his food! The lechon was delicious ( it's crispy pork belly) 
& being from Hawaii we miss our local kine grinds! Chk tgem our!!! Didn't take photo cause was hungreee"
Was one of the best filipino restaurant that I have been to in Portland. It was more authentic the cook/ cashier he was really great. I will definitely go back and try more of their menu
I went to the Happy Valley Food carts and found this Filipino food cart. I was drawn mainly because I grew up eating authentic Filipino food, and Kuya Fred's did not disappoint. Pancit noodles were just as my mom made them as a kid, lumpia was a great side and they included some chili dipping sauce. I ordered the chicken adobo combo plate, and the one critique I would give is that the chicken wasn't as tender as I know my mom made. It's supposed to be fall-off-the-bone tender and this was a bit under, but the taste was spot on to what I'm familiar with. If you enjoy Filipino food, Kuya Fred's is a great replacement when you're away from home or your not in the mood to cook some Filipino food yourself!
I was craving Filipino food (thanks to TikTok lol), so I decided to order some than try to make it. Everything was delicious! Especially the pancit. Whenever I make pancit, it always taste different and not authentic. The dinuguan was really good, too. I haven't had it in so long. I've never tried any other Filipino restaurants, so I can't compare this place with another place, but I do recommend it. I like the garlic fried rice, too.
"Delicious Filipino food. Highly recommend. Reasonably priced. The portions are big! Great Pinoy food cart! Their silogs (a.k.a. meat + garlic rice + eggs) my fave is the ""TAPSILOG"" which is beef, garlic rice, egg.)  are delicious and they have delicious leche flan too!"
I ordered the chicken adobo combo that included lumpia and pancit. I ordered a side of veggie lumpia. The chicken adobo was very dry and the flavor was just ok. The lumpia that came with my combo were good. The pancit was also good. The veggie lumpia were very disappointing. They were $8 I believe and I got two. My husband and I did not like them at all. I've had alot of lumpia and these were more like a fried salad roll. Not good.
We got the Lechon Kawali and it was Delicious! It comes with Rice, and Mang Thomas sauce. Perfect meal that brought me back to the islands.
Food here is delicious and reminds me of going to an uncles house and getting home cooked food! Great service too! The only thing is I wish they would have more of a selection, but I get its a food cart and is limited on what they can carry.
Amazing Filipino food!!! We are from Hawaii and have had a difficult time finding authentic Filipino food in the area. This food truck has it!!! They have been open a month and a half. The food is legit and amazing!!!! Going back again tomorrow!
It was so comforting to go out to food carts and get some super tender chicken adobo. I ordered on Grubhub thinking it would be ready once I got there in about 15 minutes, but I got a text before I even got in the car, was ready right away. Onions were fresh cut and sauce was beautiful. Will be back soon!
Ordered the sisilog and longsilog. So much food arrived. It was delicious. I haven't had sisig in forever and I'm glad I had it here. The flavors and textures was just right and they gave you an abundant amount of food. I would definitely order here again.
"I'm Hapa Filipino and I must say the food was delicious and very authentic. The Pork adobo was very good and flavorful, not dry at all. Next time I'll be ordering the Dinuguan and some Turon! Would definitely recommend Kuya Fred's 

Update: Went back again and it was just as great if not better than the first time! Friendly and quick. I've already told a bunch of friends they need to try Kuya Fred's! 


Sarap! 
Salamat Kuya!"
I'm Hapa Filipino and I must say the food was delicious and very authentic. The Pork adobo was very good and flavorful, not dry at all. Next time I'll be ordering the Dinuguan and some Turon! Would definitely recommend Kuya Fred's!
I absolutely love gyros. I had just had one a few days ago, so was not that enthusiastic about getting another one quite yet as I limit my meat intake. My daughter wanted to try this place, however, so we did. One of their options as a sauce or spread is a cilantro and jalapeño pesto that will give your taste buds a delightful burst of scrumptious flavor. It is called Zhoug. The owner let me try a sample which I was more than enthusiastic about. Then he was kind enough to give me some to go. I will definitely be back. Absolutely delicious! I am so glad that we came here for lunch!!!
Great place great food, Could of had friendlier faces around me. It made my experience negitive not sure about going back with presence company. I will bring my wife back of 36 happy year of marriage!!!!
"A quick, healthy meal but very bland. I came in here with an open mind + open stomach and was very excited to try out several of their options. The place is clean, staff is friendly, and the service is fairly quick. 

As for food, this is where I was disappointed. The sauces were good, and apparently much needed as the food on its own lacked flavor. I tried the chicken and steak which both were kicked well, but needed more seasoning. Same with the base of basmati rice or couscous, it needed to be covered in sauce else it tasted like a boiled grain, no salt, herb or other seasoning in it. The falafel was also very soft and lacking flavor. The lentil soup also tasted very plain. I liked the tzatiki and hummus, and the toppings and sauces. 

I'm used to Greek/Mediterranean food being properly seasoned and having bold flavors, this was not the case at Olea as I was greeted by bland meats and sides."
"Great food, friendly staff!

I stop in for lunch often as I work around the corner. Everything has been delicious and every time the staff has been great. Flavorful and not a single bad thing. I highly recommend you treat yourself to the fries."
I've been to this place a few times now and I have to say, it is one of my favorite places in Orlando to go. There's lots of great restaurants in Orlando, but the customer service experience here is something special. A different person has helped me every time I've come in and they've always been super helpful and nice. It's set up a bit like a Mediterranean version of Chipotle a bit like Cava if you've ever been. The first time I went in with my partner and they let us try all the spreads (all of which are extremely tasty) before picking them. I believe all the food is made fresh in house and it definitely shows. There's definitely better Mediterranean food out there, but this place is 100% worth your time if you live in the area. It's really the experience and service that makes it such an enjoyable experience, which gives it that fifth star for me.
Excellent food excellent service. Everything is consistently great here and the decor is beautiful. Wish I lived closer, I'd be here all the time!
Transparency is key. This is my 3rd or 4th trio at Olea. My first experience was not good. I attributed to the food. But that was not the case. It was my poor combination of food I put in my bowl. Second time I used that knowledge to get better and then this time it's absolutely PERFECT! I did the salad with spring mix and arugula. Thaziki and S'hug. Chicken as my protein which was cooked absolutely perfect. And the Greek dressing is tasty! Great experience
"Buena opción para comer algo ligero y con buen sabor ! Recomendado 
Buena atención 
Buen lugar 
Buenos precios"
Excellent! Fresh, delicious and very friendly! I love a good bowl and this bowl did not disappoint really good.
"Olea was a great quick service Mediterranean restaurant with quality ingredients. 

I had a gyro pita with their homemade taziki sauce, onion, cucumbers, cheese, and Greek vinaigrette dressing. So much flavor is jam-packed into this pita. 

Olea is like the chipotle of Greek. You tell them how you want it: pita, salad, or bowl. Pick two sauces, then toppings, and then dressing. 

Inside, it's very clean and bright. There's also plenty of seating. Everyone was very patient with me as I navigated the menu!"
Very yummy food!! The guy who was taking orders and serving was very friendly ! 100% recommend
"Tried here the first time tonight, my first option Baja Burrito has closed! Really sad about that. Walking in here just a couple tables eating. Clean inside and modern. Outdoor seats, low and high top tables inside. Order through an assembly line and build your meal. I chose a pita, my protein gyro meat. Lots of options on sauces and sides. I went traditional tzatziki and veggies. That, drink all a little over 10 dollars.  Service,  very sweet and friendly. 
   Food? Not a win for me. Definitely the most bland gyro meat I've ever had. Even meat texture seemed off. The tzatziki,  also bland. I really couldn't taste it much at all. The pita bread itself was tasty and fresh tasting. I'm sorry,  but I don't think I'd try here again. If I did would definitely not order that again."
This location is dangerously close to my home. I could literally blow serious dough eating here if my budget would allow it. I love Mediterranean food ( actually, I love food in general) and this place literally understands my tastebuds. Places I have been to in the past either had dry falafel, or too thick of a consistency. Or, their lamb though well marinated, still has the gamey aftertaste. This place has the perfect configuration for my tastebuds. Plus, it's like the mediterranean version of chipotle or any other customizable sit-down fast-food chains. I love it! Also, the staff at this location have consistently been friendly and helpful every time I have been there, regardless of how much I load my bowls. That's customer service!
This place has great service and amazing good!! Def recommend!!! Red pepper hummus and zesty feta is  the sunset was on fire
Great place great food, Could of had friendlier faces around me. It made my experience negitive not sure about going back with presence company. I will bring my wife back of 36 happy year of marriage!!!!
So delicious! What a great idea, create your own! Everything was fresh and flavorful, definitely worth a try! You will be hooked!
This place is as Mediterranean as Chipotle is Mexican. The food is a little flavorless, was not like authentic Mediterranean restaurants I've been to. You get your food pretty quickly since it's like an assembly line. I would not recommended to anyone looking for Mediterranean food. But it's ok for a quick meal.
My first time here and lunch felt refreshing. Conveniently located in the colonial shopping center, my co workers consider this the ideal lunch spot. I tried the salad bowl, half rice, half lettuce with lamb. I enjoyed the toppings you can add and I saw they have a rewards program. Glad they opened a Mediterranean spot in this area, we need some variety with veggies and healthy options.
Quick, easy, well-priced fast casual Mediterranean. Lots of flavor and fresh ingredients you can get in a pita, bowl, or salad. The made-to-order Greek fries are fantastic. One of our favorite places for lunch!
"Super fresh and fast!! Think of this as a Chipotle-style Mediterranean eatery. First you pick your style: pita wrap, bowl, salad. Next you pick your protein. Then you pick your sauces and toppings. This is a great place for vegetarians since they have falafel as a protein choice. Don't forget to add a side of Greek fries! They fry them crispy brown to order and then season them with oregano and feta cheese. If you're craving something sweet, they have baklava for dessert. 
My go to is a bowl with couscous and either gyro meat or falafel. If you want to kick things up a bit, ask for a side of their yogurt sriracha dressing to drizzle on top."
Amazing, healthy, freshly made Greek goodness. Love the topping and dressing options. For dessert the baklava is amazing. Great place close to downtown for a quick lunch!
best falafel in town- light and homemade.  very large bowls of mediterranean choices.  great value and authentic baklava!
Great food in addition to fast, friendly and SAFE service! First time coming onsite. Last time I ordered through a food delivery service and everything was packaged well. Also, they have baklava!
This place is so clean and neat. The food is amazing and the service is great. Definitely recommend!
Wow!  Super fresh Mediterranean food! Bowl, salad or pita options. Vegan and gluten free options!  Super delicious sauces!! Green S'hug is so dang good!  I also loved, loved, LOVED the Yogurt Dill Sriracha dressing is amazing!  Spicy and tart- just WOW!  They have rice and falafel. I had the best tasting vegan lentil soup with a salad with chicken.
Delicious and authentic Mediterranean food! A must try! Very quick and tasty, staff is very friendly!
"Mediterranean food is my absolute favorite so anytime I see a ""Chipotle concept"" Mediterranean restaurant I have to go try it out. I'll give credit to Olea, it is marketing very well and maybe it was because this is not the original location in the Orlando area but I was underwhelmed by the presentation and feel of the place compared to how it is advertised. I had the lamb/beef bowl, the portions seemed a bit on the skimpy side and it lacked presentation but after all was said and done I cannot refute that the food was delicious. My biggest disappointment is just that this place has really good potential but needs to focus on some details to get to that level."
So yeah it's very yummy. I repeat very yummy. Prices are good for it's yummies. For extremely yumminess eat the fries
Great n delicious... something out of the ordinary.  Healthy choice if you are tired of burger n fries.  Baklava was also great.  Great food for the right price
Super friendly staff. Clean. GREAT FOOD. Loved our experience (ended up taking a salad bowl for lunch tomorrow )
Decided to try this place out after a run to the pet store nearby and it did not disappoint. Super clean inside, nice decor, and very friendly/helpful staff. We got their bowl option with gyro meat and felt there were so many great toppings! Our bowls were packed full with rice, arugula, gyro, feta, hummus and other toppings which all tasted really fresh and we left SO full for less than $20. Also their baklava is delicious, it is a little different in that is has a lot of cinnamon/clove flavor but we really enjoyed it. On our second visit we shared a bowl and also got their made-to-order Greek fries which were super yummy and we still left full after sharing for I think a total of $16 with the baklava! Perfect place for a refreshing lunch or a quick bite if you're craving Mediterranean.
Best bowls and great service! Love their gyro bowls! Definitely check them out! And make sure to get the Greek fries!
Definitely the go-to place for a fresh healthy Mediterranean Delight!! You won't be disappointed.
Albsolutely loved our food from tonight. The gyro was delicious and their Greek fries were sooooo good. The servers were very kind too and helped us since it was our first time.
Yummmmmmmyyyyy. Super fresh. Salads, bowls or wraps. Basmati and cous cous.  Baklava is the very best.
First time here after is being open for 2.5 years! Food is excellent and so is the amazing customer service! 10/10 recommend. I'm glad I found this place!
Great neighborhood place to stop by for some Greek food! Friendly staff makes the experience even better! Highly recommend!
The food is really yummy, can't deny that, but the rice was a little old (maybe should've tried the couscous?) and the portions of the toppings and spreads were small as well. The number of toppings was unlimited, but they sprinkled around one tablespoon of whatever I asked. The spreads were yummy and I think you're allowed 2, I got the garlic hummus and the spicy something. Both were yummy! They also have fries and dessert, didn't try either but they looked good. It's a chipotle type concept so it was fast casual and decently priced. I'll definitely back to try it again because Mediterranean food is one my favorites!
Absolutely love this place! I eat here at least 2-3 times a week. Lots of options to choose from and the staff is always super pleasant. 10/10 would recommend.
Always fresh and delicious! The flavors are amazing, and on top of that it's healthy! This location is always clean and the staff is friendly.
"I went here for lunch today with my friend. Right off I was impressed that they still had signs on tables so that they were socially distanced. Many restaurants have gone away from that so I really appreciated it. 

I got a falafel salad with garlic hummus and tzatiki. Absolutely delicious. My friend and I shared the fries too. Highly suggest those. I forgot pictures  but trust me. They're worth it. I took some baklava home and enjoyed it as well. 

I'll definitely be back!"
Enjoyed Filipino comfort food at Hapaag Ihaw-Ihaw. BBQ squid and lechon were great, but the sinigang soup was very average. The bbq skewers were delicious and overall great food. Unfortunately there is limited seating and they close fairly early. Would come again!!
"Okay. So. We came here looking to EAT. We have been walking around all day long and we were super hungry.  It took us about 15 minutes to find parking.  This was not very pleasant for hungry people!  You will have to find street parking and be prepared to walk a little bit if you do not find parking right outside of the restaurant. 

Once you get inside, you may have to wait to sit, depending on how busy they are, they are very very limited on seats and tables.  There are maybe about 7 or 8 tables and seat like 4 people each with not much room.  We had to put 2 tables together, and it felt as though we were sitting with another family lol because they were so close to us. 

Although, the workers there are so nice. They try to accommodate you in any way possible.  The food is great, and the Ube cheesecake will definitely not disappoint. 

Everything we ordered was delicious! We will definitely have to return."
"Vancouver doesn't have a huge selection of Filipino restaurants compared to some other cities I've visited.  So when I discover a good restaurant like Hapag I am thrilled.  

Looking at the small restaurant from the outside and peeking through the windows, you might be tempted to pass on this place.  It's definitely very humble-looking.  However, the hidden gems are the delicious and authentic Filipino food they serve up.  I tried the soup, chicken inasal and crispy prata. Two thumbs up for the food. The flavors made my taste buds do happy dances. I wanted to sample their desserts but I was very full after my meal. Next time! 

The server was friendly and helpful. Being a small place with maybe 8-10 tables, there wasn't the hectic busyness you commonly feel at the larger busy Asian restaurants. That's goood in my books."
"Knowing about most of the Filipino Restaurants around Lower Mainland I must say that Hapag is one of the best restaurants out there if you'd like to have authentic cuisine made for you. The owner is also the chef at this place so he definitely wants to impress his customers. 

I do recommend booking ahead of time as it may become busy during dinner time as the seating is limited and they are mostly small square tables. The servers accommodate with what you want and they always help you decide what to order. I have currently tried:
BBQ Squid
Lechon
Pork Sinigang
Crispy Pat (Definitely a MUST TRY)
Chicken Liver (My wife wanted me to try this and it was actually delicious)
Lumpia 
Pinakbet.

I will edit this with more information when I next head there.
But this is a place you must try if you are craving a Filipino Dish"
"Great Filipino restaurant. Authentic food. Love how they do their sisig dish. Small dining area, they're not large so they won't be able to fit large groups (20+). Their ambiance is ok. It's decent. 

I don't know what service is like in house because I haven't actually sat in. I've only ordered out. But their service when I call in to order is usually pretty good. The food is usually ready within 10-15 min. So pretty quick. 

As for pricing. It is a little on the expensive side at about $16-17 without tips and tax. Seems to be the going rate for food these days for most places unfortunately. 

Parking can be a little hard to find. You can try to park in and around the neighborhood with risk. I would not encourage it. There is free parking farther down the street from the restaurant - maybe about a 7-10 min walk. Not too bad. You can park in front of the restaurant. But there are parking limitations for when you can park there, and if I'm not mistaken. Might be pay parking as well. There's not a lot of spots in front of the restaurant. Maybe 3-4 spots for cars. But if you don't mind paying for parking. There is that option available. 

Location isn't really close to any transit. So this would be difficult to get to if you're not driving. Closest Skytrain station would be Commercial Drive Station - and that's quite a ways. Looking at probably 20 min to a half hour depending on the time of day and how often the bus is coming. 

My breakdown:

Food 4.75/5
Price 3/5
Ambiance 3.75/5
Service 4/5
Location 3/5

Would recommend this place for Filipino food :)"
"I'm finally glad I got to check this place out. Thank you, Yelp! In my opinion, the food is alright. To be fair, I might be a bit biased since I eat Filipino food on the daily.

We had a reservation for 14 people and took up one whole side of the restaurant. Our server gave us menus and waters right away. There was another party of 7 that came in shortly after us, so our since there was only one server, he got pretty busy very quickly. 

I ordered the lumpia shanghai (pork spring rolls w/ sweet chilli sauce), lumpia gulay (vegetable spring rolls), pork ears + pork stomach skewers for the table. Both lumpia shanghai and lumpia gulay were perfectly rolled and yummy (my favourites). For my entree, I got the pork BBQ skewers combo with sinigang (sour soup broth), and that was just like a home cooked meal -- delicious. 

I think the server could've used an extra pair of hands because he looked a little panicked half the time, but he was very kind and still remained positive even though he was busy. 

I'd love to come back and try their ube cheesecake. It looked delicious! 

I'd definitely come back if I was in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here."
"I live and work near here but never been to this hidden gem. I was disappointed myself! I should have tried it more earlier. 

My Filipino co-worker and me had Sunday dinner and lucky to have explanation by native. 
I couldn't choose BBQ chicken or Chicken inasal. We ordered both and decided to share. 

Honestly I loved both. Very juicy chicken and charcoal grilled outside. But not hard. Just perfect tenderness. 

They tasted similar but inasal tasted more aromatic, rich, deep flavor. Next time I will try it again. Or add on! 

Ube cheesecake is good too. But ube flavor was like a hint. Not so strong."
Was craving Filipino food on our final day before flying back to Toronto and boy, did this place not disappoint! Crispy patta was on point... Nothing special but perfectly fried lol! The talon was a fresh take on your typical itlog talon and a nice counter to all the fried pork we were eating! Sisig was good... Though ive had better but nonetheless satisfied my Filipino palette. Rice and all the food portions are great! It seemed enough for 2ppl but I think could be enough for 3 maybe even 4. Overall, worth the experience and money spent! Would definitely return to try their other menu items.
My husband loves Filipino food. Our favourite is the bbq chicken or pork with side dish of sinigang. The staff is always so friendly and accommodating. Owner is the chef and makes everything in the house from scratch
I have ordered 100+ pieces of lumpia (catering menu) from Deguzman on numerous occasions. When I pick up the lumpia, it's always hot, it's like they know when you are coming into the store.  I will continue to order the lumpia from here, as the lumpia is always tasty and a crowd pleaser.
Don't let the exterior of this scare you.  The is One of the hidden gems in central Florida.  You can't go wrong with the staples dishes like pork adobo, lechon kawali, panset, polabok, etc.  if you haven't tried Filipino food before, this place is a great starting point
Went to check them out today. Was craving some pancit & lumpia. The store is large & has Filipino ingredients & some snacks. This is during a pandemic so I'm not holding the empty shelves against them. They have hot food for take away, but nothing is labeled. Obviously if you're very familiar with Filipino food you won't need labels, but I wasn't sure what some dishes were. The counter didn't have lumpia but they were willing to make us some fresh, if we wanted 50 or 100. Unfortunately we passed on the lumpia because it was just myself & 2 kids. Pancit was perfect, just like I remember. We picked up some snacks to. I was disappointed puto or kutsinta was not anywhere I could see. The staff were friendly.
Anything they cook at this place is amazing. I grew up in the Philippines and know good Filipino food.  I also come here to buy canned foods and snacks from the Philippines.  The staff is really nice and friendly.
Always friendly and I love their Kare Kare!!!! Definitely a must stop in Orlando if you're looking for some comfort food.
I had high hopes for this place because my co-worker highly recommended it. We ordered take out on a Monday evening. Food was prepared in a timely manner. We ordered Kare-Kare, Liempo, Palabok, Pork BBQ and Chicken BBQ. Sadly, all of them tasted bland. Kare Kare was so watery and didn't have that thicker consistency that it usually has. Palabok was tasteless. Liempo tasted salty and that's about it. The bbq skewers weren't too bad and they were big potions. I'm still willing to try it one more and hope that it's just one of those days. Can't say much about the service since we ordered take out but the girl seemed pretty nice when we paid a the check out counter. I did enjoy shopping at the Filipino store next to it.
Coming from California, it's hard to impress me with Filipino food. My aunt and uncle graciously toured us around the BC area, and brought us here for dinner. I found the food to be tasty (the sinigang was perfectly tart), but what blew us away was the panga ng tuna!!! It was not what I was expecting - it was HUGE with a lot of tuna meat, and perfectly grilled! It was fully cooked on the inside, and not badly charred on the outside. Kudos to the chef! I will be dreaming of that dish until our next trip to BC.
A great Filipino restaurant! After swimming on a hot day, we wanted something to cook us down and we ordered their halo-halo, which is enough to share between 2 people. We were still hungry and ended up ordering their palabok, chicken bbq skewers, la meza seafood fried rice, and the veggie lumpia (egg roll). Although the veggie lumpia was fully stuffed and was quite large in size, it wasn't as tasty. Hence, my 4-star rating. Other than that, we will definitely come back and try the other dishes.
"This place is absolutely delicious! 

My manager brought trays of pancit, Shanghai lumpia, pork bbq, and chicken bbq at the end of December for an early New Years celebration and everyone loved the food! 

I've had Filipino food before and at the places I've tried have been okay but La Meza Grill definitely won me over with their perfectly flavoured pancit. The noodles weren't dry like other places I've had and was loaded with veggies too. The bbq skewers were on a whole other level though! They were perfectly marinated and grilled, and definitely not cheaped out on portion wise.

Overall, the food was very good and I'll definitely be coming here myself to try some more!"
"Craving for a pinoy taste? La meza grill has lots of filipino dish food to choose from, its good restaurants in Surrey, been here many times for dine in and so far was satisfied with the service. They do serve graciously which is good to share with groups, as well as their halo halo is something I recommend as they do put a lot of ingredients into it. 

During this pandemic we ordered from them and tried the sisigs, despite ordering three sisigs Chicken, Tufo and Bangus,  I would say it was really savoury,tufo was deep fried yet not tasting oily. 

There location is good too, as there's wide space for parking as well as the restaurant is connected with Filipino grocery which you can shop at the same time once you go eat or do take outs."
Food is good but the serving is not enough on what you paid for. Over all the space is small because it's shared with a Filipino store. Try it just for a quick lunch or dinner. The servers are quick and friendly.
"If you've never had Filipino food, you must stop what you're doing and go to this place! 

When it comes to Filipino food, I can't help but be snobby about it since I've eaten it my entire life. So when La Meza Grill first opened, I wasn't sure what to expect. I'm not a fan of the ""turo-turo"" style cuisine (which is like cafeteria style and ready to eat), so I was glad that this place was not like that!

The restaurant is located inside of a Filipino grocery store and has a cute ambience to it; a mix of nostalgic Filipino staples (like the wooden spoon and fork on the walls) with a modern look. The place is very relaxed and the service is pleasant.

My favorite Filipino dishes that I always order no matter where I go are: the filipino bbq dishes, bicol express, lumpia and sisig!! La Meza does an incredible job with their versions of these dishes! The food is delicious and so comforting; it really pleases the appetite! 

I highly recommend trying this place out as it makes great versions of the dishes listed above. There are many other dishes that are worth trying out as well, like the ""silogs"", so make sure you come in with an empty stomach and stretchy pants"
"Went to Florida to visit. Was craving authentic Filipino food and found this place. Was surprised they are open on Christmas. Really great staff. The chef was AMAZING! We ordered sinigang and lechon kawali and it was great! The skin remained crispy the whole time (we had it as take out and a couple minutes drive). Even gave us extra sauce and stuff! Love the toasted pastillas! 
Will definitely be back!"
Authentic Filipino food. Came down from Maryland and it did not disappoint. We ordered fresh lumpia, lumpiang shanghai, crispy pata, bistek, crispy kare kare, palabok. Great food and even better people. Plan on coming back when we visit again.
This Filipino restaurant is legit. Very generous portions. Fresh lumpia was so good and their fried lumpia was the biggest I've seen with lots of meat. Ginataang kalabasa with hipon is a must try. Great service as well.
Googled and found this Filipino Restaurant. Fairly new since they just opened last November 2019.  I love the taste of the dinuguan - as it's cooked differently using tamarind for sourness not the traditional vinegar. I returned the next day  and had lunch with my husband. We Ordered KareKare (oxtails in peanut sauce) I must say it passed  our standard. It tasted authentically  like home cook meal. I surely encourage everyone to try their Filipino cuisine. Price and serving is just right.
"This is our first experience with the Filipino food and boy was is great. Me and the wife shared some dishes which were perfect size. We began with the pork egg rolls and sweet sauce. Really good. Nest we had the beef mami soup with beef pieces, noodle and boiled egg. Tender beef and great flavored broth. Lastly, we enjoy the adobo chicken which was tender and flavorful. Partnered with a cup of garlic rice (lots of garlic). We finished our meal with the halo halo (mixed mixed) dessert. Which was amazing and highly recommended. The best part is the price. Everything is fairly cheap. There are other dishes to try and you can bet we will be back for them. 

The experience is similar to a family style whereby you share your meals. Make it fun and select different things and share.

#attorneywithanappetite"
"Best filipino my Filipina wife and I have found in Florida. We have been traveling here for over 20 years and recently moved to Florida near Tampa. 
We have tried all the new and old Filipino restaurants we could locate with Pistang Filipino standing head and shoulders above the rest. 
Trust me, we are spoiled from living in San Diego for over 15 years and the bar is high for any place we go. 
If you have gotten used to the bland, watery, weird ingredient food at other places then this is the place to refresh your palette to true Filipino food. 
Freshly made from fresh ingredients with traditional seasonings. Small restaurant with attentive staff, any wait is worth it."
Great food! Sinigang pork, lechon kawali are amazing!! Service was great! The cook is amazing as well. Great food no complains here. We will come back with more family in tow lol
This place is a must for all to have  meal. By far the most courteous people from the owner to employees. Food was the most amazing filipino food I had in the 7 years living in florida. So much food and the price is reasonable to all. We will definitely be back! Amazing service. The halo-halo is the best. Better than any other I have tasted.
Good food, nice place to eat, ginataang kalabasa with hipon is the best! as well as their other dishes.
Good Homemade Filipino dishes. Not provided English description on the menu. Dishes mostly family size.
"I am from the SF Bay Area where there are plenty of great Filipino restaurants. 
I was in the Orlando area and we decided to check this new place out.
This place is great. The service is very friendly and they make you feel at home. All of the food we ordered were fantastic. The prices are very reasonable as well.
I will visit this place next time I will be in Orlando."
Hard to find Filipino food in Orlando, this one is a keeper. Call ahead for the crunchy, well seasoned crispy pata. Love the fried fish with the tomatoes, mango, onions and cilantro.  I ate it with so much rice. The mongo is what you grew up with and the portions are huge. Service is personable and efficient, always hungry when we arrive. My favorite for sure is the calabasa with coconut milk and shrimp. Found my Filipino restaurant finally.
"wow!very affordable,huge servings,the owner was so sweet and nice!plus their food was great!
not ur mediocre,u can make it in your house good.
highly recommend!"
"Authentic filipino food yummy.Their special
Crispy pasta and egg rolls are cooked right .
The chicken adobo has modern zing . Everything is delicious.."
This place is absolutely amazing! Finally a Filipino Restaurant that actually serves Filipino food right. The halo-halo is a must, reminds of Razon's back home. And the Lumpiang sariwa got a twist and it blended perfectly together. And I can't leave to brag about the Beef Mami .. simply delicious. The food is good because they don't cut on the ingredients. The drive is absolutely worth it. The owners are amazingly nice. It does represent its name a true Filipino Fiesta
Food is very tasty and different style of cooking not typical Filipino food I'm used to but it's very good.  We tried  the crispy pork  kare kare, beef caldereta, bangus was crispy and so good ! We love this place ! There's not many Filipino resto in Orlando . This might be the best one so far.
Drove for 2 hours to check this place out because a friend told me this place is good. He was right  I'm a foodie blogger everything I order was delicious good size portions the food has a lots of flavor in it. Halo Halo yummy must try it I wish more Filipino restaurants are in Daytona Beach.
Love this place! Amazing range of Pinoy dishes, and all that I've tried were delicious -- kare-kare, sinigang na bangus, lechon kawali, palabok, dinuguan, pork barbecue, lumpiang shanghai. I don't typically order palabok but their palabok here is the best I've ever tried, next to my dad's :) . Oh and don't forget the desserts & kakanin which are my weakness -- halo-halo, biko, suman, ube -- and  their packed pastillas is a must-try! I also got a chance to meet the owners. They're so friendly and they take the time to go around to meet customers and check how they are doing or how their service could be better. Filipinos are truly hospitable and this place is authentic Filipino from dishes to cleanliness, right down to service culture!
Awesome experience !!! The chef here is A+ we ordered crispy pata, pinakbet,pancit,adobo,sizzling bangus everything here was sooo good !! Will be back for sure  #greatservice too
Great food and friendly staff. We like beef stew and fish. Ever dish is a large amount. Every time we couldn't finish all. Great value
"First time visitors as we are new to the area. Cute atmosphere and our server was very sweet. Thankful that they accomodated our larger group. I was excited that they had adobong pusit (squid in ink sauce) on the menu, but the sauce used too much soy sauce for my preference. Taste was good, but not what I was expecting; probably just a difference in regional cooking. 

The rest of our meal was great. We liked the lumpia Shanghai, sisig, and sinigang bangus (milk fish). Their pork BBQ was delicious and saucy. Ended the meal with a yummy halo-halo!

Definitely loved the little treats available at the register. Looks like they change them up occasionally. Definitely interested to come back and try other options on the menu."
"Pistang Pilipino just opened on 11/9/19. The owner and cook are both Filipinos, so the food here is authentic. The owner greeted and served the customers too. Seating was immediate, but the wait for the food took about 30-40 minutes. Be patient though since it's newly opened. Pistang Pilipino was worth the wait because authentic Filipino food restaurants that is hard to find in Central Florida. 

Prices are fair for the amount of food. All dishes were delicious. The rice and sausage could have been hotter but we still ate it without problems. Again, the restaurant is newly opened, so I would still go here again. 

Longsilog - $6.95 - Pistang Pilipino longganisa (pork sausage), garlic rice & fried egg. Served with house specialty atchara. 
-Savory, sour, and sweet flavors combined. Commonly served as a Filipino breakfast. This is served only til 1pm. 
-Atchara is grated green papaya that has a sweet vinegar flavor. It has raisins, grated carrots, and some black pepper. As my brother describes, ""Filipino version relish"". Goes well in cutting through richness of garlic rice and sausage. 

Sinampalukang Manok - $12.50 - ""Broth with chicken and vegetables and tamarind leaves."" 
-""Manok"" is chicken. Tangy flavored with okra, eggplant, tomato slices, and a slightly spicy pepper that might have been a whole serrano. 

Sinigang na Bangus Belly -  $13.50 ""Milk fish belly and vegetables in tamarind based broth.""
-Tangy flavored from tamarind. Fish and veggies tasted fresh. Bangus ""Bahng-oos"" is the Philippines' national fish. The fish belly was definitely there. 

Lumpiang Shanghai (6 big rolls) - $7.95 ""House recipe fried pork egg roll."" 
-Like a fried thin spring roll. A good start if you're new to Filipino cuisine and don't mind pork. 

If you have more than 4-6 people, you may want to call the restaurant ahead. It's a somewhat small restaurant.

My family of 5 arrived on a Sunday. By like 1:00pm, the place was packed and noise level was pretty loud. You'll definitely feel like you're in a house party coming in because like 98% of the customers were Filipinos. That's authentic Filipino ambience for sure. 

Enjoyed our food and service overall!"
Sago has brought boba to our little corner of the world and my little brother and I decided to go as soon as we got wind of it! (Literally we found out about it from our neighbors yesterday LOL) First off, the workers here are amazing.  Such friendly and welcoming staff, and they were so open to our requests for modifications on the drinks. Both my brother and I ordered drinks that weren't explicitly on the menu (my brother got a plain lemonade and they mixed one of their passion fruit teas w/ lemonade for me, both w/ strawberry popping boba pearls!) and they were great!  We've decided next time we come back we're going to try and branch out and try their milk teas w/ tapioca pearls!
I'm excited that there's a Boba Tea Filipino owned business near us. So far everything we've tried is delicious.
covid-19 compliant  everyone wore masks and 50% of less capacity ; luckily we live in florida so it makes waiting outside easy
Woohoo Filipino treats and boba tea! Seriously! Happy dude right here. Hopefully you might be able to score some halo halo. If you're lucky and supplies are in
I am not a huge boba tea person but this place was great. Drinks were really good and friendly service
"What a welcome new addition to the Apopka/ Hunt Club area! This place is so cool. If you like craft teats and drinks this is the spot! There are so many unique flavors that will keep you coming back. Not only are they so tasty, each one is a work of art! They look just as good as they taste!  Don't just stop by for the drink, there are also several other sweet treats on the pastry menu that will have your eyes rolling from the goodness.
If all this wasn't enough, the business owners them sleves are a great reason to stop by. Not only were they super attentive and knowledge, but also super friendly! I believe this is also a female owned family business, which is always a great thing to support. I know for sure my wife and I will be back and I recommend you give it a try as well. You will be happy you did. There isn't anything else like it in the area."
"Just discovered this place, thanks to my wife, and it makes me very happy. Serving in the Navy back in the late 80's, I had no shortage of amazing lumpia. Having left the military shortly after that, I have suffered a tremendous drought, being forced to live off of barely acceptable lumpia.

The drought has lifted, and I finally have a source for lumpia, and I will be returning again and again in the future.

While there, we also tried their Inasal Chicken, and the Roofers Special. Both of them were excellent, affordable, and definitely worthy of trying again, if not for the fact they have more items on the menu.

But don't take my word for it, go check it out yourself."
"Not a lot of food trucks in Beaverton  so I wanted to give Erwinas Inasal a try. Got the Mikes Fave, pork adobo with rice and veggies. Lots of food for $8, and she even made it ""A little bit spicy"" for me and brought it out to my car. Delicious pork and great side of veggies. Highly recommend!"
"Being Filipino and having being born and raised in Hawaii, I took the abundance of Filipino food for granted. I moved to Oregon almost 7 years ago, and have been trying (to no avail) to find a Filipino place for when I'm too lazy to cook. I actually found Erwina's on accident when I accepted a new job in the Beaverton area - and what a happy little accident!

I ordered the pancit and the longsilog (Filipino breakfast) - and they were both ON POINT! ...very much reminds me of being home! I plan on going back to try the rest of the menu!"
While Beaverton unfortunately does not have a goto Food Cart pod, there are some fantastic trucks scattered about (though most are Mexican).  Erwinas is an oasis.  Adobo, of course but quite a good selection for a cart.  Lovely, try it!
We had a groupon and tried this place out today.  We really enjoyed it!  Erwina was very helpful in suggesting options, everything tasted great, and there was a lot of food for the price.  We will definitely come back!  Thanks for the tasty tasty food
"Perfect Saturday lunch. It was even SUNNY. So we cuddled up next to the front fender for shade. There are folding chairs and tv tables for our dining pleasure. 

This was not fast food, but it was delicious food. $18 plus tip. Pancit: rice noodles, chicken bits, veg, with a squeeze of citrus. Roofers stew: crisp tender green beans, pork, coconut milk over steamed rice. I ordered it medium and it was just spicy enough. Lumpia are as addictive as reported: cigar like eggrolls and some sweet chili-ish dipping sauce. Yum. 

FYI they also have pork or chicken adobo, sausage with fried rice and an egg, teriyaki chicken, fried shrimp, bbq chicken or pork on skewers, a chow mein kinda thing, and today they had a fish special I think. Lots of choices. 

We had our jim and pattys iced mochas to go with. What a perfect Saturday lunch. And the man was so nice, too. A leisurely meal on a nice day. Sweet!!"
"There isn't much good food in this area, so as soon as I saw a new cart in the neighborhood I couldn't wait to give it a try. I've since been to this place at least six times and I absolutely love it, everyone I bring along has said the same. 

The owners or the cart are so delightful, and they offer to bring my food to my car while I wait. My personal favorite menu item is the Pancit (rice noodles, veggies & chicken) and the Lumpia (fried egg rolls). But I've always enjoyed every plate I tried here. 

If your in a hurry I suggest calling your order in since they make everything fresh to order."
The food truck is currently not in working condition, but the catering service is in full effect. I ordered the pancit bihon and the lumpia Shanghai. They were amazing!!! They even delivered for a $15 fee. It was perfect for my office potluck since I was not able to cook anything the night previous. It was special delivery by Erwina herself, Who provided me with all the ingredients that she used, just in case anybody had any allergies in my office. She was awesome!
"Just went here today and ordered the pancit. Had to remove a star because my pancit didn't come with any kind of citrus. I don't have calamansi just sitting around so it was missing that citrus taste I grew up with when eating pancit. I did not enjoy the pancit (nor would I enjoy any kind of pancit from anywhere) without citrus. I was hoping to at least have just one lemon wedge.

Having said that, if the lemon wedge was there, I would like this a lot. I cannot have pancit without any citrus."
Filipino food is scarce in these parts and good Filipino food even moreso. Erwina's is worth the trip. Awesome adobo, pancit, and lumpia.
"A 3 so far.  I've only had the#8.  Which was quite good.  The Service was pretty quick,  and I appreciated that they were very willing to serve when they are still setting up. ( I got there late breakfast/early lunch).

It's on a major thoroughfare, in a convenient location, so I think they've got a really good chance of making a go of it.  The last guys here served southern BBQ pork and associated foods, but I never got a chance to try them.  They just didn't last.  It probably doesn't help that the best taco truck in the Portland area sets up across the parking lot.

I will revisit and perhaps upgrade them.  They are certainly worth a second visit, which I will make."
"These victuals must be heaven sent, and chemically bonded w/my DNA.  Abodo de puerco o de pollo is in my abode-o. The lumpitas ala cigarillos  are the essence of perfection, the roofer's mash has me breakin' through glass ceilings like a doggone unhinged fool. How Filipinos stay, statistically speaking, so very tres petit I can only guess.

Bonus points beyond bonus points: they offer crispy pata AND lechon outta this cart-- though they recommend you phone in your order a day in advance. Can't say it enough, I love the food, love the people here, love their new locale. Will you adopt me, take me in, and teach me the ways of your mystical culinary arts? You all knock me out, Manny P style! salamat sa iyo, diyos pagpalain, at magandang gabi!!"
The food truck is now a restaurant in the Parkrose neighborhood.  Formerly a German Sausage business now the Fork & Spoon.  Owned and operated by the couple that had Erwinas.
Ok - first time ordering to go - the Pancit had such a small amt of meat which was unexpected....bland flavor but otherwise ok.  I got the Pork chow mein and all the veggies were great but no meat except a very few tiny tidbits.  Is this normal?
Just finished an afternoon snack (merienda) of pancit and skewers of pork and chicken inasal and I'm very happy! Good to find some yummy well-prepared Filipino food in between trips to the Philippines. Can't wait to try more on her menu. Probably should have taken it home to eat in the to go containers, but it was worth eating it all right there in the parking lot tables.
"We have been going to Erwina's since we've known about her food truck when it was in SE Portland. Now that she is on this side of town, where we live, we visit about once every other week. Erwina use to cook at Tambayan before starting her own food cart. This is definitely the best Filipino food around. You'd have to go to at least 600 miles to find better.

I usually get the special (#1) Chicken, our son gets Pork BBQ (#2), and my wife gets a mix of the other foods: Lumpia, Longanisa, etc. Everything is always good. Sometimes the vegetables vary with #1--I miss the squash so what you get isn't always consistent. Every Thursday she has Dinuguan--something I won't touch but many Filipino's enjoy. She also has a few other special items--just ask.

One time during our visit we tried out the Taco stand in the same parking lot. A pinapple pork taco I think it was. Very tasty food (5 star good). I highly recommend grabbing one of their tacos while you wait for Erwina to cook up your food."
"After moving all day, I realized I hadn't eaten so I checked what was near the area and found this place. Service here was pretty good; they're friendly. Because everything is cooked to order, expect a little wait. I was mildly disappointed that they had run out of bangus for a bangsilog, and for their somewhat limited choices of dishes (although it covers a good range of the Filipino dishes). As far as their prices, it's a little steep for a food truck. I guess since it's the only one in the Beaverton area, it's acceptable? 

I ordered the Cavite special, which was 2 pork bbq and rice. For the price, though a little steep like I mentioned earlier, their portions make up for the high prices. The bbq taste is decent. There just seems to be a little flavoring and that tangy/sweetness lacking from the bbq, but I would definitely order it again. 

I was told to call in an order beforehand so that they can make it fresh and you can pick it up without having to wait. I'd definitely give this place another shot and hopefully try their bangsilog next time!"
"Just finished my roofer's special 30 minutes ago and am ready for a nap. You need to appreciate this for what it is...a deliciously authentic affordable food truck. My colleague and came here to pick up some lunch and were graciously served by the owner herself. My colleague got Mike's special (adobo) and gave it two thumbs up. 

My dish was excellent. Just the right amount of flavor and coconut milk. I'm glad my rice wasn't soaking in it. Plenty of meat and green beans and made me full. All for $7. I added a little soy sauce to my liking but it doesn't need it. It comes packed with foil so even after getting back to the office 10 minutes later I still almost burned my tongue. I will definitely add this to my rotating lunch list and come back to try the other items. If you are in a rush you might avoid this place since they prepare some items when you order it so it's hot and fresh."
"I thought this place was good for what it is. I don't see a restaurant in there future but its good. Much better than the trashy fast food places all around them. Much better than those places....
But may Erwinas is not suited for my palate?"
I'm from Hawaii so I've had the best. The chicken adobo was good but not great. I will try some of the other items though as I am a big fan of the cuisine in general.
Not too often do I find Filipino food trucks in Portland, so I'm glad to have found this place in Beaverton. I came here when it was raining and they brought the food to my car. I ordered a chicken adobo. It was good and satisfied my hunger. However, it isn't attractive enough to make me want to come back. I would come back for the nice service.
"Went to Erwina's Inasal Filipino BBQ which is in the bright orange motor home located off of Beaverton-Hillsdale Highway. Erwina's has a bit of a cult following and there was a decent size crowd waiting past the lunch hour - a sign the food is going to be good. I ordered ""Mike's Favorite"" which is adobo pork with rice and broccoli. The plain white rice was moist and savory (not sure how the cook did that) while the pork, onions and broccoli were super fresh and perfectly cooked. I could eat ""Mike's Favorite"" every single day!"
Pancit, lumpia, pork adobo. The flavor of the pancit was definitely salty but use the lines that is given to cut through that flavor, it's very good. The pork adobo was good in flavor but I felt the portion was off. I had about a cup of meat and 1/2 of that was fat. Other than the portions of the meat. The flavor of the pork and portion of the pancit was great.
"Erwina's offers a nice selection of Fcilipino food from a cart located at Northeast 48th and Division Avenue. I ordered the Cavite's Special, a babecued pork dish named after a province in the Philippines. It was tender and flavorful. 

The lumpia Shanghai were crisp and tasty, with a traditional dipping sauce. 

The service was fast and friendly and I will return again."
Great food. The Pancit was great and brought out so fast. No idea how they do that? The prices are very good! Best Filipino food on the west side. I will be back soon.
"Excellent. The only authentic Filipino food in the area. And a great wife-husband team too. The ""roofers special"" is my favorite."
This food is really great!  It's not too salty or greasy, but still super flavorful.  I will definitely be back.
"Note: This is the same cart as the other Inasal place with the bad reviews BUT it's apparently under new ownership. 

Review begins here: Yum! Just tried this cart for the first time today. Husband had the Cavite Special (bbq on a stick with rice) and I had the longsilog (longganisa with egg and rice). It was so good!

So for Filipino food snobs (like actual Filipinos who have lived in the Philippines and are of Philippine blood AND are snobby about food), I want to make it clear that the bbq isn't the kind of bbq you get in the Philippines off some neighborhood bbq stall somewhere. It's actually pretty hard to replicate that. Having said that, the bbq was still very, very decent (even though it didn't taste completely authentic). 

I really enjoyed the longsilog and the fried rice it came with was good too. 

As for service: I was standing outside the cart for about a minute before she saw me. I actually had to knock on the truck. After placing my order, I waited longer but that's because she was cooking each thing with lots of love. It felt like I was being teased because the aroma was coming out of the truck and taking over the air around me. IT smelled SO GOOD! 

It was definitely worth the wait though! I will definitely be coming back. I am so glad to have Filipino food not even a mile away from me."
"first i wanna say its great to see all the new filipino places popping up in portland. kinda sucks i live all the way in tigard but the food is worth the drive lol

ill make this sweet and short. i was on 82nd doing some shopping and wanted to find a filipino place so i found this place and the food was sooo good.

i had the Longsilog, fried rice and pancit. i am filipino so i grew up eating filipino food allll the time and iv truly missed longsilog in the morning with garlic fried rice so this meal took me back. i also loved the pancit. 

i still have alot more filipino food trucks to try out but this one is one of the good ones"
Been looking for a good Filipino restaurant in Portland. So far, this is the best one I've tasted. In the past, I would have to go to Seattle to get decent Filipino food.  I like the inasal and fresh lumpia. The pancit is ok. You have to wait a few minutes after ordering for the food to be done but they will tell you can wait in your car and they will bring it to you which is a service you won't get with most other food carts. I'll go back there again.
"I really, really wanted to like this place after reading most of the reviews.  It's very hard to find a good Filipino food, especially on the west side.  Sigh.
I ordered pancit, lumpia shanghai and pork adobo - she was super nice and I loved how she packaged the each dish ever so carefully and lovingly... pancit and adobo, each dish was protected(!) by a foil wrap in a to-go container.
As for how the food tasted:
The lumpia was delicious - not the best, but not too shabby.
The pancit was... bland overall and the chicken in it was extremely dry and tasteless.
The pork adobo was dry and lacking any sauce to mix with the rice... the pork itself tasted okay."
best chicken adobo i've had!!!!  I love how it was seared first. Could've used more steamed veggies, because they were so good. I wish they were open more, and of course more locations. But it's worth the drive. There's a bit of a wait probably because it tastes like it made totally fresh once ordered.
"As others have said, food carts MUST have consistent hours, be open during posted hours, and be in the physical location posted on their website and sites like Yelp in order to be successful - I don't know why they don't get that. If they don't have the staffing to do this, they shouldn't be in business. I'm sorry to sound harsh, but that's how it is. The best food can't make up for customer frustration when they're not there when they've made special trips to get there. 

This isn't the dense food cart utopia of Portland proper, where you can just hit up another food cart, which helps take the sting away.

The food is terrific when they are open, but the inconsistent hours takes away a star for me. Stay open consistently and keep cooking good food, and you WILL succeed. Fail to do that, and you won't."
My husband and I just tried this restaurant for the first time, the new location on NE Sandy. Everything was so tasty, it was our first time trying Filipino food, and we loved it! The lumpia was amazing, and we also tried pork adobo and pancit. We both loved our dishes and will be back for more. So excited to have a fresh, local food in our neighborhood!
"I really want to like this place. I really do.

Being Filipino, I was raised off of chicken adobo, pansit, and lumpia.

I will say, the owners are very, very nice.

My first experience here was a little shaky, as they had a bit of a rush that overwhelmed their kitchen, and this cause significant delays in getting the food out. Of course, the owners were very apologetic and I was understanding. Things happen.

When I decided to give these guys another chance, I tried their Inasal Chicken, as is their namesake, and the owner was very enthusiastic about the food. I liked it, it wasn't too bad.

This is a pretty new food truck, and I see a lot of potential for these guys to take off. I'll definitely be trying these guys again, I saw that they had longanisa on their menu--and if I read that right, that'll bring me back to the food that I was raised on.

I wish this food cart well, because I'd love to see if they can expand their menu at all. They're good people pushing a product that they believe in. I think they can live up to the potential."
"Fantastic Filipino grub.  Never disappoints.

I have had catering multiple times it has been very reliable and popular among the chow hounds.

Great value."
"Simple, yet so very delicious. The owner and cook of the food truck is such a sweet person. I told her that it was my first time visiting her truck and also trying Filipino food (besides lumpia), and she gave me a small sample of pancit - stir-fry semi-glass noodles with carrots, cabbage, and chicken. It was good! She even offered to bring the food to me while I waited in the car.

I ordered lumpia - similar to a fried egg roll. They were 6 finger length and width rolls filled with meat, and comes along with a sweet, sour, mildly spicy (to me at least!) dipping sauce. A great appetizer to start with.

The adobo was sweet-fried pork or chicken and stir-fried carrots and cabbage all over rice. On the menu it says ""mikes favorite"" - I wasn't asked if I wanted pork or chicken but I guess mike likes pork! 

The longsilob had 3 pieces of sweet sausage with an over-easy egg all over rice. This was yummy! I'd recommend! 

All in all, I'll be back to try whatever else on her menu!"
"Erwinas pancit and lumpia take me back 30 years to when I was a slimey ""wog"" on my first visit to Olongapo...the food is first rate, cooked to order and as good as anything this sid of Manilla.  I have also tried her adobo and it was spectacular.  The real treat though is Irwina herself. Hadn't been by for several months and when I dropped by to grab some lunch she greated me like a long lost friend...it does not get any better than that!"
"I've passed by this truck a few times and have been meaning to stop by for while. I finally did and have been back about 4 times!

I've eaten a fair share of pork adobo in my day but I am by no means an expert on it. I will say this is some of the best pork adobo I've ever had! I especially love their lumpia... it's so good that I usually get two orders. 

The owners are really nice too! Definitely give this place a try and if you come back I would suggest calling ahead to have your order ready for pick up."
Please consider the source of the first review. When you see the list of all their reviews, you can see that they are absolutely horrible except for one, the restaurant she owns. She is trying to promote her own business through false statements about other restaurants.
Ohmygod!! I am so happy we happen to stop by in this area. The couple are so nice and the lady cooks great! I am definitely coming back here again and I highly recommend this place for other pinoys home sick for dinuguan, bopis, bangus and other hard to find Filipino foods.
"Last Friday we decided to head out to Cartlandia, way out there on 82nd, to have lunch at a lamb shack in the pod.  But on our way up Division, we saw the Inasal cart and decided to stop here instead.  And we were glad that we did.  

It took a while to prepare our plates, but they were worth the wait.

I ordered the pancit that came with lumpia , a pork skewer and rice.  However, Inasal was out of pork and substituted longanisa for the pork.  I'll tell ya what - I hope they run out of pork all the time; the longanisa was absolutely delicious!!   Shaped like a little frankfurter, the longanisa is somewhat similar to Portuguese sausage, but better.  The pancit noodles were nicely flavored with a very pleasant salt tang, but were not salty.  That's an amazing feat to pull off!  

JP requested the Inasal chicken dish, which consisted of grilled breast filets, served with a dipping sauce, and rice.  The chicken was tender and had a nice barbecue flavor.   The dipping sauce was good and went very well with the lumpia.

We love Filipino food and will be back."
"Oh my gosh... So delicious! I ordered the number 8 and took it to go. I wish I had stayed though so that I could thank the adorable little lady that made it for me!!! 

She makes everything to order, so if you have any diet limitations or preferences, then she can customize your meal. 

Man, I wish she visited the Pacific University campus though!! Mmmmmm sooo good!!!"
"Really liked this place. I asked for a recommendation. The lumpia was their first recommendation. I like these, but I've had them so many times. 

I wanted to try something new.

I tried their second recommendation: the Pancit noodles. These were very tasty. I took it to go, or I would have added just a little hot sauce to kick it up a bit. 

But these were just the thing on a cold wintery day.

Very reasonably priced too. $6 (I think.)

I'd definitely eat here again!"
Cant go wrong with this place. I been here a few times and each experience was great !!! Who knew you could get great food like this in Oregon.
Best local food you'll ever have!! It's fresh and gives you a taste of Hawaii but in Portland. Definitely need to try his mix plates too because they are just as good!!
Oh my god - 100% best Hawaiian food in Portland. So excited to have it so nearby. So far I've tried the Kalua pork, pork adobo omelette and chicken katsu- all are amazing, can't wait to try everything else!
From Hawai'i and this is the best authentic local food I've tried here in Oregon. Other places do not match the REAL taste of hawaiian local foods, but Grind Wit Tryz hits it spot on! They are a great, new, and arising business. The family is so sweet and their service is great. Ono service and ono food!
"Finally a place with legit Hawaiian/Filipino food. Trust me, I've searched high and low for any restaurant in Oregon and Washington that taste remotely like the food back home. There's a couple restaurants that are so-so, but I would say majority of them have been dissapointing. 

What I love about GrindwitTryz is that they have a rotating menu and offer many dishes you can't find in other Portland restaurants like balatong, sinigang, baked Uhu, etc. They even takes requests on dishes and execute those dishes really well. 

Their customer service is also spot on. They get really busy sometimes, yet they still stay friendly. I also noticed their pricing and hours have been much more consistent from  when they first opened. 

My only suggestion would be to put a brief description or picture of your dishes either on the end board or on your instagram. Some of the dishes are not self explanatory by the name and I imagine it being a little confusing, especially for those who didn't grow up in Hawaii. Other than that, keep up the good work guys! Can't wait to try all your other dishes!"
"First off, the two ladies that helped my wife and I were amazing! We were on our way out of town today and they were backed up on orders and we were on a 55 min wait. They bumped us ahead and got us our food right away! Such amazing customer service thank you! 
The food was so needed and missed! Love the poke and their portion size! Thank you again great food great people!"
Great food, large portions and served with an enthusiastic smile. Good vibes all around here.
Some of the best, most authentic delicious Hawaiian/Filipino food in Portland! Made with Aloha and always so good! Tryz Ono Chicken is amazing  Go here and leave full and happy!
"Their menu changes daily (follow them on Instagram for what's cookin'), and they sell out well before closing, so if your heart (or stomach) is set on something, go early!

Their food is delicious, the portions are gigantic, and the price is really reasonable. I love the Ono Chicken and Ahi Katsu. The Mac salad is the best I've had. This is hands down my favorite local Hawaiian food restaurant."
Mahalo for bringing a true taste of home to North Portland!  Chicken katsu was fresh, crispy and ono!  Spicy poke was little bit too mayonnaisy for my preference, but was still good and I ate um all up.  I can't wait to try your other dishes and desserts. Wee'll be back soon!
Great food and I love how they have something new everyday on their menu. They are very consistent with portions and the closest thing you'll get to eating local food. Only downside is I wish they would answer their phone when placing an order and keeping an updated menu online when they sell out on things. I understand they're busy helping other costumers but it would save us and probably others long drives and time trying to order food and realize what they want is not available. But other than that I highly recommend their food! Very delicious!
"Been wanting to try this place for awhile and SOO glad we did! Checked on Instagram to make sure they had the 2 things we wanted, since their menu changes daily. 
Came around 11:50am (opens at 12) and there was already a nice line of about 10 parties. We got our food close to 12:30 so it wasn't too bad. They were pretty quick to pass out food once people had ordered. 
Got the ono chicken ($12) and the poke nachos ($15) (half California, half something else that I can't remember). 10/10!
The food was amazing. The lids literally wouldn't close because the piles were heaping! We barely made a dent when we had finished. I would recommend 1 plate for 2 people, at the least!  Absolutely worth what you pay! 
Will return to try some more stuff!"
"It ain't called grinds for nahten! Prepare yourself... The food is ONO. I've had their Ono chicken, chicken katsu, mauna kea, banana lumpia, meat jun, and butter mochi. They were all sooooo gooood. Favorite so far is the ono chicken! Excited to try the rest of the menu.

Staff is friendly and very welcoming with the spirit of aloha. 

Make sure to keep up with their Instagram page @GrindWitTryz for updates on their menu and hours!"
Food is very ONO! Workers of the truck are very friendly and they give a lot of food for a great price. Love the Ono chicken and spicy ahi! Will come back and try all the other dishes on the menu. Highly recommend checking this food truck out!
Soooo good! Great local style food in terms of prices and portions! Ono chicken is the best!
Love the food from here! The spicy ahi poke is amazing and they give generous portions as well. The staff are very friendly and it's definitely worth the wait in line.
This is a must try food cart. The salmon poke is perfect. The pork is fantastic. I need to go back to try other stuff. I started big with the ultimate nacho, and i regret nothing.
Looooooong wait! Waited 1 hr in line. Not worth the wait. Food is not spectacular. I had ono chicken. Portions are big and overflowing but chicken didn't taste like chicken.  the meat is bland and the only thing that made it tasty is the sauce on the crispy batter. And it's a sweet sauce. I don't know if hawaiian food tends to be on the sweet side. People are raving that the food is great but i think they're just too hungry by the time they dig into their food because of the long wait.
Portions are mind-blowing; you won't believe how much you get for your $10-14. The food is undeniably tasty, even if my poke was a bit salty for my taste. But holy cow is the service slow. I showed up 15 minutes before the noon opening and waited over 90 minutes. This is party because the place is super-popular, but mostly because the staff takes 5-10 minutes per order to make the food. They are undeniably on island time. Make sure you take that into account when deciding whether to wait in the line or not. Despite the amazing value and taste, I won't be back.
"This is the best place to get your Hawaiian food fix in Portland. Tryz, along with being a super nice person, is a WONDERFUL chef and his cart is legit. The poke is island style poke. It reminds me a little of Foodland or KTA in the best way, not like the weird pasty quinoa ""poke bowls"" you find everywhere else. His kalua pig is juicy, has the perfect amount of salt and fat, and goes amazing on his wonton nachos (which stay crunchy for a loooong time. I know because my leftovers were still delicious.) He even has laulau on Fridays! The prices are reasonable and the portions are huge--the perfect plate lunch. 

He doesn't have a lot of vegan/vegetarian options if that is a concern for you or your friends, but Hawaiian food typically doesn't. That being said, his menu switches up on a regular basis and you never know, we could see more options in the future!

This place is a little far from where I live, but it's well worth the drive when I'm craving a taste of home (or even just when I see an enticing meat jun picture on Instagram.) I highly recommend it to everyone."
Favorite thing about this place is that he changes up the menu everyday. My go to item off the menu is his ono chicken. The sauce that's used is so good! And of course the rice and mac salad never disappoints. I've come here so often, I'm pretty sure I've tried everything he has made.
"Easily some of the best Hawaiian food in the Portland area. I'm from Hawai'i, Tryzen (Owner and Chef) is from Hawai'i, so this is for sure locals approved! 

The best thing about Tryzen is this guy is doing all of this with Aloha! Solid, family guy making delicious food and spreading aloha! 

Chicken Katsu is wonderful! 
Kalua pork is great! 
Spicy ahi poke is unreal! 

Check this guy out and support him! 

Live Aloha my friends!"
This place has great food! The portions are amazing as well! Definitely recommend if your looking for a one of a kind gem at an affordable price in Portland.
"The ""BEST"" food we've eaten in a looooong time!! It's the truth. Quick , friendly service.. well worth the visit!!"
Unfortunately, I was not impressed with the food. The rice was hard and I'm quite sure it was undercooked. The only thing I enjoyed was the Ono chicken. Not sure if I'll be returning.
I thought it was really good. I had the Ono chicken and the meat jun. the portions itself fed my husband and I for at least 3 meals. I haven't really found meat jun in Oregon, but it was something I used to eat as a kid, and I have to say this comes really close to being the best I have had. Also, something I like is that they put furikake on the rice, and there is some surprise rice on the bottom of the main dish! I don't eat Mac salad so I just got all rice, and I was very happy with the amount I got. Would def go again. Hopefully they open a restaurant soon :)
3 stars for the food but 5 stars for the portion size! Friends and I (from Hawaii) tried 4 different dishes among us and we weren't impressed especially for the long wait.  The food is just 'ok' at best but the portions are GIANT so I can see why people keep coming back.
"Hands down best Hawaiian/plate lunch style food in Oregon right now. Menu is mean, prices is too mean, serving sizes is three mean!!! I've just about tried every place in Oregon that falls themself ""Hawaiian"" and this is hands down my now go to spot. Keep killin em #grindwittryz"
I finally had the chance to wait in line to try this food cart in north Portland. Wait for me was about an hour on a weekday. But it was totally worth it for the poke! Large portions and best mainland poke you can get away from the islands. Priced fairly for what you get as well, I was extremely full with my portion, finishing only half. I will be back to try their famous ono chicken
This was my first time trying poke and Grind Wit Tryz did not disappoint! If you're looking for a little savory snack with a hint of spice this is it! I also got the panipopo, basically a loaf of bread with a creamy sweet dipping sauce over it. It was the perfect mix of sweet and savory.
Most ono mochiko chicken! Everything was so good! Seriously we had the best & Grind Wit Tryz was the cherry on top!
Delicious local food! They work hard to make it worth the wait! Thank you! We had the meat Jun, ono chicken and the shrimp!  All were tasty!
Their hours are a little unpredictable but it's because they sell out of food. I choose to look at that as a good sign. They are super active on Instagram so check that out for the day's menu and hours before heading over. A small price to pay for insanely large portions of crazy good Hawaiian food.
If you are craving some ono hawaiian/Filipino grindz, then this is the best place to get that fix! Whenever I'm feeling for Zippy's, l&l, thelma's or even some poke, I always head here! The vibe you get when you're there is like you're back home in Hawaii, and the portion size is enough for me to have for lunch and dinner! I would defs recommend this place to anyone who's missing that aloha spirit!I may have a little obsession with them.
"Easily some of the best Hawaiian food in the Portland area. I'm from Hawai'i, Tryzen (Owner and Chef) is from Hawai'i, so this is for sure locals approved! 

The best thing about Tryzen is this guy is doing all of this with Aloha! Solid, family guy making delicious food and spreading aloha! 

Chicken Katsu is wonderful! 
Kalua pork is great! 
Spicy ahi poke is unreal! 

Check this guy out and support him! 

Live Aloha my friends!"
Being from Maui, I have never found any good Hawaiian food places in Oregon. People will suggest certain spots and I'll try it and be so disappointed. This is the only spot that has true good local food. I feel like I'm at home when i get a poke bowl or Kalua pig. I recommend this place to everyone I meet. Only real Hawaiian food in all of Oregon ! Mahalo for curing my home sickness!
"DELICIOUS. 
The wait is kinda long but the food makes it so worth it! 
Just do it, you won't be disappointed. 
The portions are also huge!"
This place never disappoints! I had shrimp for first time today and the flavor was incredible. Was a little  surprised the skin was still on but was easy to eat around it.  Chicken and Poke are always amazing. I guess I probably need to try rest of menu. I do wish they did split plates but understand why it might be too hard. The smiling family that runs the Cart are just as great as the food!
Sooooo good! Even if they were located in Hawaii they'd still be able to compete!!! It tastes just like home. Ono chicken is like a korean friend chicken. Hints of garlic and Teri sauce. Crispy and juicy!!! Their Mac salad is spot on and they even put sauce on your rice!!! That's going the extra mile
Best Hawaiian food I've had.  I love the Ono style and everyday is a surprise with daily specials. It's a must stop for everyone and that's no joke!
"First of all, the portions and quality for the price! You get fat plates at amazing quality for a more than reasonable price. Like come on, this fat plate of poke nachos..for JUST $15 - tell me where else you can get that high quality and price..ill wait. I always have left overs, which again for $15 . 

Before my second point, I'm gonna address the wait time. I know it can be a ridiculous wait time, I know lines are long, I know now you have to order online. But come on, I see people on here reviewing based over wait times..really?! THEY ARE TRYING THEIR BEST, YALL.  When I think of getting GrindwitTryz, I know I'm gonna wait. You think they would have a line if the food wasn't good? 

Brings me to my second point, the people. I've been coming to GrindwitTryz since they were a cart on Killingsworth. They are the friendliest, humble, and most down to earth people you will ever meet. They feed and help the community without hesitation. I went today as they were giving free food to service industry workers, which is something they've done few times before as well. I always feel happy leaving with my food, because of the ohana vibes they radiate from beginning to end. 

Thank you, Candace, Tryzen, and the GrindwitTryz ohana, for always feeding me and mine."
I was attracted by the massive portions. They are definitely very generous. This cart seems to be the most popular in the area and there was a line starting to form. The Mac salad was pretty good but nothing out of the ordinary. As for the poke, it had a food flavor but a couple bites that I took felt a little frozen which just turned me off. I will definitely return to try the other dishes. The price and quantity are a bargain.
Some of the best Ono chicken and Mac salad I have had! The sauce on the rice was on point and the rice was cooked perfectly! The service was amazing, I just feel like the energy is of really good people. Was so good that I forgot to take a picture but I will next time! I was able to be apart of the free lunches that they were giving out, which was so nice considering all that's going on and how we've been affected! Excited to try the poke next time, and support this business in the future for sure, thanks again!
soo yummy! the best hawaiian food truck in portland. the chicken was nice & juicy, and similar to zippy's korean fried chicken. the poke cubes were HUGE & had a nice slight spice to it. the portion size for the price makes it SO worth it. the banana lumpia was good too! overall, an amazing meal & i'm definitely coming back.
"Absolute FIRE Hawaiian grindz...WHEN it hits.  Legitimately the best Hawaiian food I've found in Portland...when it hits. I LOVE this food cart! The ono chicken is as addictive as any drug, when properly executed. I want to give this cart 5 stars because I know they possess the ability to deliver 5 star food, but I want to be honest in my feedback as well, so here goes. 

I have spent over a few hundred dollars at this cart by this point, more so when they still operated their cart in the Killingsworth Pod. I was super bummed when they moved, especially considering they had a pretty large following there for several months and then they just up and moved for some reason, I'm sure there was a good reason so I'll try not to hold it against them. 

As I was saying, when you get a well executed serving of Ono Chicken, it is unparalleled. It is incredibly delicious, the sauce, crispy chicken, rice and Mac salad are a trifecta of epic proportions, BUT in my personal experience, this dish, along with others, can be inconsistent. I have had times where it was flawless, but I have also had a handful of times where the chicken was soggy and disappointing. Am I being too critical? It IS a food cart after all, But I would want to know honest feedback if it was my business, so I am here to offer it. 

Today I opted for the salmon poke, having been a little let down by the Ono the last 2 times I ordered it. They lured  me in with a mouthwatering picture of salmon with fresh avocado and onions. Hooked, I came and ordered it, but what I got was a bunch of (kinda) sad looking Salmon with some sesame seeds sprinkled on top. I was so bummed when I got home and saw there were absolutely no fresh veggies included. The flavor was nice, lots of yummy ginger in the sauce, but being entirely devoid of fresh veggies was a let down. 

I hate to complain at all because the portions are generous and the food is usually really good, but I hesitate to give it 5 stars simply due to the inconsistency and failure to deliver what was advertised in their Instagram feed. 

Keep making delicious grinds for the masses,
-A true fan."
Best and most authentic Hawaiian style dishes in the area. Great service and fatty portions! Tryzen is an amazing chef, great to see him doing so well.
Best and most authentic Hawaiian style dishes in the area. Great service and fatty portions! Tryzen is an amazing chef, great to see him doing so well
Very yummy! Love this place. The Ono Chinkcen is always on point. If you are looking for a local style plate lunch this is your spot. The menu changes almost daily so follow on Instagram for the updates! Love the style and I crave this place daily now. Definitely worth the wait times if they are busy. This place is sure spreading the Aloha mainland style
Best Hawaiian food I have ever had! I heard about this food truck from some friends, and absolutely love their recommendation. Very friendly, great portions, and the food is to die for! I always get the Ono Chicken and my boyfriend gets the poke, we both love it!
GrindWitTryz has officially become my favorite place to eat in Portland. I am half Filipino and grew up eating pancit, chicken adobo and lumpia, so finding a place that turns out quality food from my childhood brings me the most joy. Between me and my 2 sisters, we have tried almost everything on the menu and have yet to find something that we didn't love. My first bite of their ahi katsu burger brought actual tears to my eyes. There have been some weeks where I will go to GrindWitTryz multiple times and just skip getting groceries because their portions can feed me for several meals. I could not recommend trying GrindWitTryz more. The food is always delicious and the service is friendly and quick! Thanks for feeding me on the regs GrindWitTryz, your food fills my belly with so much happiness.
This place breaks my mouth on a weekly basis. Best plate lunches in the city. The Katsu chicken and poke are beyond reproach.
This is not ONLY the best Hawaiian food I've ever had in the PNW, but the best food in the PNW made by the kindest people. Always rotating menus for the freshest food, and such generous portions. My friend and I go religiously, Grind Wit Tryz can have all my lunch money,  and I will happily wait in line for their food. Supporting local, and getting bomb food? OK SIGN ME UP. IM THERE. 100000000/10 on literally every menu item, cant ever go wrong when you Grind wit Tryz!
OMG this place is sooo good!! I'm one of the many Who moved to Oregon from Hawaii and miss the food and flavors of home and this place definitely hits it and cannot be beat fo sure!! The couple that owns this food cart are always so nice and in a great mood no matter how hectic things get cause I've been there when the line gets crazy and man it's definitely not easy so I give them so much credit for handling everything really well. Moving onto the food make sure you try their poke nachos i was kind of skeptical at first cause I'm not used to eating poke with chips Lol but OMG it's so good the meat jun is perfect and the first thing i got when we went to this place for the first time because it's hard to find around here. And also the shoyu poke and kalua pig is really good too  Anyways if you ever get a chance when they do have it on the menu try their Butter mochi so yummy!! Like a lot of people said the menu changes  daily so it would be in your best interest to follow them on INSTAGRAM too see if they have something you're craving so you don't become a  salty murnahh if they don't and give a bad review. K them selling out everyday speaks for itself they are the best!
"I think Curry Poutine might be my new religion. I'm not even kidding, it was THAT good!! The thick, gravy-like Japanese curry intermixed with creamy cheese curds was *chefs kiss* incredible. 

As for the poke, the ahi tuna tasted fresh and flavorful and the sauce it was tossed in was addictive! I think the Ono chicken was just ok considering how much it's hyped up, the batter fell a little flat for me, but it had a subtle sweetness to it that paired nicely with the notes of ginger in the sauce. The Kalua pork was wonderfully salty and tender. 

Pro-tip: the portions are HUGE, so take some of that Kalua pork and sprinkle it on top of the curry poutine! The saltiness from the pork combines amazingly with the savoriness of the curry and cheese! It's next level, thank me later!

And shout out to the lady who took our order and packaged our food all the while cradling her baby the entire time. They were slammed with orders but she didn't skip a beat! Gotta respect that level of finesse. 
 
We also spent over $50 so we received a 50% off card for the adidas employee store which was just the cherry on top of a great lunch. 

The menu seems to change daily so be sure to check their Instagram page to see what's the spread for any given day. I live in Cali, so I can't eat here all the time, but I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in Oregon! This place is a keeper y'all!!"
"There arent many places around where you could randomly pick any menu item and be absolutely blown away. But Grind Wit Tryz is one of those places. Any time they're open, you're bound to get one of the best meals you've ever had. Personally, the Kahlua Pork or the Loco Moco are my go to's and I have yet to walk away any less than amazed with ehat Tryzen is able to make. 

Additionally, the energy Tryzen brings to his cart and his customers really makes it feel like you're eating a meal with a close friend or family member. I cannot recommend this place enough. 

If you haven't tried it yet, do yourself a favor and stop by."
The garlic shrimp, poke, meat jun, ono chicken are among some of the most heavenly things I've ever tasted. This is hands down the best Hawaiian I've had in the PNW and in Honolulu, THERE IS NO COMPETITION. Also, the vibes and serving sizes can't be beat. Ignore the 1 Star from an unhappy Karen... great food sells out quick, it is what it is!
Love this place! Such big portions for a good price. They did raise their prices, but for how good the food is, it doesn't matter. The poke is delicious and I love their Mac salad. The ono chicken is delicious. It's a little too saucey sometimes and seeps into the rice which can be overwhelming with flavor, so I'd recommend eating this asap so it doesn't soak.
One of the best Hawaiian spots I've eaten at since Hawaii. Portions are huge and staff are insanely welcoming. Ono chicken, surf and turf were delicious. Worth waiting in line for, every time!
Incredible poke, best in the city!!!  The guy who runs the cart is super sweet and actually from Hawaii.  They have great specials and everything I've tried has been wonderful!
I can't believe I got lucky and didn't have to wait I've been wanting to try this place since they were at the cart. Everything was delicious huge portions really like the ahi poke and ono chicken. Kahlua pig little on the salty side for me but would try again. Made a better impression than the meals I had in Hawaii so glad to know where to get a poke fix now
"I came with my girlfriend on a Thursday afternoon around 11:40AM. We had seen the great reviews of this place and wanted to see what the hype was all about. When we arrived, a small line had already formed in the small food truck lot. The food truck opens at 12, and the line kept getting longer even before opening time. Keep in mind, this was a Thursday afternoon before lunch break! By the time we had ordered and actually gotten our food, it was about 12:45PM, which meant that we had waited an hour on a weekday afternoon! We were super excited to get our food, and honestly couldn't wait to try it - they have some seats in the lot but my girlfriend and I decided to bring it back to our cart to eat. The portions were MASSIVE and could definitely last someone 2 or even 3 meals. Here's a review of the food that we ordered below:

- Ono Chicken: We opted for a Ono chicken plate since the only other meat options were kalua pork and poke. Our expectations were pretty high, and we expected great things when we bit into this chicken, as it looked beautiful and glistening in its fried chicken glory. When we bit into the chicken, it was crispy, garlicky, sweet, salty, but... honestly a little dry? The flavor of the chicken was really good, maybe a tad bit on the sweet side. But to be completely honest, the chicken was a bit dry - some pieces were harder to chew than others, and I think the chefs had left the chicken in the fryer for a tad too long. The flavor reminded me of soy-garlic glazed Korean fried chicken, except more sweet. This definitely looked better than it tasted - still a really good value for $12 and honestly with mac salad and rice, proved to be a satisfying and hearty meal.

- Salmon Poke + Ono Chicken Combo: On another plate we got the Salmon Poke & Chicken combo. I thought the poke was a lot better than the chicken - it was super fresh, and the sauce/mayo that it was tossed in wasn't too overpowering. It complemented the fish nicely! Getting the combo was definitely a good choice since it helped balance out the overly sweet Ono chicken. Would definitely recommend the poke!

- Pumpkin Crunch: This is most likely a seasonal item since pumpkins are in season, but this was basically a slice of pumpkin pie with the crust slightly charred and candied. Topped with whip cream and candied pecans, this homemade piece of pumpkin pie was really good and would be sure to put you to sleep if you managed to even have the room to tackle it after finishing one of the regular plates.

Overall, I'd say for the first time, the hour long wait was well worth it. Most of the food was pretty good, although the chicken was a little dry and overly sweet. I would give the benefit of the doubt to the chefs as they were pretty busy and maybe they just left it in the fryer too long - this is a place I would want to come back to and try again to see if the chicken is juicier. However, coming back a second time, I probably wouldn't want to wait more than 20-30 minutes to get my food, since they are many other faster and also delicious options close by."
"This place is amazing! Hands down - The best Hawaiian food you can get in Portland.

I came in around noon, and there was already a line to the street. The wait was 1 hour, which wasn't too bad. Thankfully nothing was sold out, when I got to order. The service was quick, after you ordered. Up-front, they are super kind and helpful too. I ordered the Hawaiian Cheesecake Bars, Ono Chicken, Spicy Ahi and Teri Beef.

- Ono Chicken : Perfectly cooked chicken - crispy on the outside, while juicy in the inside. Coated with a sweet sauce - super good. The portions are huge too. Best combination of sweet and salt! The mac salad on the side was great! I wish I could order just a side of that!

- Spicy Ahi : BEST POKE IN THE PORTLAND AREA. I've been to numerous poke spots, and they don't taste as amazing as Grind Wit Tryz Spicy Ahi. The tuna chunks were big and fresh. It was creamy, and a bit spicy. Honestly, my favorite item on the menu! It was only $11 for a huge portion.

- Teri Beef : It was pretty good, super tender. To me - it was like eating a teriyaki beef bowl, but with the pieces of beef being in smaller shredded pieces.

- Hawaiian Cheesecake : Pineapple and Coconut. This was amazing. It reminded me more of a tart then a cheesecake. The crust was hard, but it reminded me of a sugar cookie. The filling was amazing - it was tart, and you would get bits of pineapple and coconut. I would order this again, it was so good."
Most amazing local Hawaii dishes!!! They definitely put their heart & soup in their food and it shows! Makes me miss Hawaii, but so happy to have options like this that fill that void! Check them out but make sure to check their Instagram page for updates, meals & specials change daily! Pay attention people, to places like these they have rules to how they work! It's worth the wait too! Just stay positive!
This food truck is the bomb! If you like authentic local home cooked food then you've come to the right place. The owner and chef Tryzen cooks with passion and love you'll be able to tell with every bite of his food. Tryzen and Candace' hospitality and friendly attitude reminds me of all the Aloha that we shared through our ohana.
This is probably my favorite Hawaiian/local food place in Portland. The prices are so cheap and the serving sizes are huge. The food tastes like home. The spicy ahi was super fresh and soft, the ahi katsu wasn't dry and super crispy. The lumpia taste authentic and the shoyu pork is just like my family makes back home.
I've been wanting to try this place and it did not disappoint! I got the Onno chicken with double Mac. The portions were HUGE for me so I had a lot of leftovers. My only critique would be that the chicken was fried a little inconv. I got some yummy tender pieces but also some ones that were a little dried out or hard to chew. The flavor honestly makes up for all of that And I will be back to try the other items.
"I finally got around to trying this hyped up Hawaiian food. It. Did. Not. Disappoint. The hype is real and if you can score this drop before they close down for the day, you've won in life. 

I was thrilled they opened a brick and mortar on Alberta. I thought that I'd have the advantage of avoiding any lines being close to the neighborhood, but boy was I wrong. Every time I would go for a walk, there would be a line wrapping around the street with dedicated foodies like me wanting to support the local business. It took me two weeks after their grand opening to finally try this spot! Thank goodness they opted for an online ordering system. I HIGHLY suggest following their Instagram page. They update in real time the flow of the orders and if they're pausing online ordering, phone orders, or walk-ins. I got lucky with online ordering and all I had to do was pick it up. I don't suggest picking up earlier than the time provided because I still had to wait about ten minutes. Be patient with them and show a little grace during these tough times. Let's appreciate how hard they're working and that they want to share their delicious food with us. 

On to the food. I mean did you look at my picture?! The value is unbeatable for what you get. My partner got the Hawaiian Breakfast [$10] which is classic. I had to try the Spicy Ahi Poke [$13] and that alone gave me THREE meals. I literally ate that one meal alone for lunch, dinner, and lunch the next day. I love me a deal! Mine did not come with mac salad so I added that on because I just had to try. So creamy and a heaping scoop of it was just $1. Go for it! 

I am honestly so excited to try their other dishes and to further support their endeavor."
I was kind of skeptical about a poke food cart, but it was really good. Got the poke nachos with Kalua Pork. Definitely worth $13. I could only finish half of it. Very generous amount of food. Parking around the area is kind of tight, but if you're in the area definitely worth a try.
Huge portions and great tasting food! The staff was also very helpful but kept the long line moving quickly.
By far the most authentic local food i've had since leaving home! The portions are huge, my boyfriend got the kalua pork loco moco and I got the spicy ahi bowl. The spicy ahi bowl was $10 and gigantic, we basically could have just split that. But of course we ate some of the kalua pork too lol. I'm definitely going to be back everytime i feel homesick, or am hungry
"Everything we've tried is delicious, you really can't go wrong!

The poke is just how it is from the islands, all fish none of that topping fluff that they do out here. Both the spicy ahi and Cali poke were amazing! 

Ono chicken was very moist surprisingly, it also had a lot of flavor in each bite."
Best Hawaiian I've had on the mainland. Great pricing, Ohana style treatment every time. My favorite food in Portland hands down
"After visiting GrindWitTryz a few times at their food cart in the Park The Carts location they have morphed into a brick and mortar now after only a year. As the Hawaiian Islands are one of favorite places to go, this place was a welcome dream. Located by Salt and Straw and Bollywood Theater on 20th and Alberta. 
They opened on the 7th. Upon arriving, I expected a long line and it was. Last time at the food cart it was an hour wait and this time at the B&M it's same wait time. 
Good news is when you do get your food, it will an ample portion, taste great and it's priced fairly. I've had the Ono Chicken, Chicken Katsu, California Poke, Spicy Ahi Tuna and today the Surf & Turf with Kalbi short ribs and Spicy Ahi Tuna. The ribs had excellent flavor and charred just right. The spicy ahi tuna always hits the spot. Service at the new place with the additional staff was on point. Brave the lines and just do it and you'll be amply rewarded. 
Happy eating and be safe."
"Omg where do I begin? I've been following them for awhile on Instagram and finally had the opportunity to try. They just recently started their online ordering system - and I suggest using it. By the time I arrived for pick up at 530, they were sold out of 90% of their food. Order online and order early! 

I had the combo plate - $16 with ono chicken and pork. The chicken is slightly sweet and incredibly crunchy - even after the 30 min drive home. Portions are INSANE! My to go box was rubberbanded to keep it closed. It comes with a bed of rice and some mac salad. I give this a 4.5/5. Maybe it's just because I was late, but the pork was a smidge dry. Otherwise incredible. 
We also got the spicy ahi poke - $13. Again they don't shy away on portions. It comes with a side of rice. And the flavor was insane. A bit spicy, creamy and the tuna was fresh. Highly recommend. I've only been once but will find a way back. Best Hawaiian joint in Portland!"
"Been hearing about this cart for awhile.  Craving some Hawaiian so decided to come early and wait in line. Fortunately there were only 8-10 in front of me 40 minutes before opening. 

I bought a bunch as its a long drive in. Ono Chicken,  Ahi Katsu, Kalua Pork, laulau,  and a loco moco.

The chicken is really good.  (If you have been to Kauai it reminds of the  Korean Chicken at Marks Place.  That is a BIG compliment btw.) Not much around here to compare it too. Just get it.

My personal favorite of the day was the Ahi Katsu.  Omg! Equal to the best i have ever had. (My other favorite is Hamada General Store on Oahu.) This was just phenomenal.  The Ahi was perfectly breaded and cooked medium rare. So good.

The laulau and pork were good.  No complaints.  Just not mind blowing like the other two. (My standard for Laulau is Umekies on the Big Island.) 

I haven't tried the loco moco as I got it for my son in law who is a moco fanatic.  When I saw it I wished I ordered one for myself. 

Great job! I will be back!!!"
"Go here kinda often and always wanna try something new but end up getting the ono chicken cuz it is just so damn good. 
Today I changed it up and got the lechon kaweli/ adobo fried rice. Gotta say best combo ever. So juicy and crispy and all around delicious. Also huge portions 
And it has to be said. Best Mac salad in the state. Others try but can't compare. Keep it simple. 
This place is the best"
"BEST Hawaiian! Since we haven't been able to go to Hawaii this year, this is the closest we could get to it. And damn is it close. Their portions are HUGE, the flavor is authentic, and the service is friendly and hospitable. We always peep their IG stories and found a day and time that we could make it out to Alberta and finally try their plates! They have online ordering now so it made it easy and we didn't have to wait in line. We ordered the garlic shrimp and chicken combo with the spicy ahi poke. Surprisingly the poke wasn't spicy so I was able to eat it :) Everything was amazing and since the portions are so big, it actually yields two meals per plate (unless you're hangryyy). ha!

Looking forward to going back and trying the rest of their offerings!"
Grind wit tryz is one of the best Hawaiian places in pdx! Highly recommend if you have time to wait in their huge lines that usually wrap around their food cart! They opened their first brick & Mortar on Alberta! Yay! Super excited for their success! Huge portions calls for left overs!  Ono chicken & poke were essential for us!
The best local Hawaiian food in Portland. 10/10 highly recommend-I've already been here twice in less than two weeks. The portions are huge and the price is right! I love that there is a rotating menu and specials each day. It's so hard to find legit Hawaiian style poke on the mainland but theirs is so ono. I can't wait to try all their menu items.
"I have been following Grind Wit Tryz on social media (Instagram) for a while now, after seeing all of their delicious food on their story and posts, I couldn't wait to try it myself. Their menu changes daily and they post their menu on their Instagram the night before for the next day. It took me a while to stop by because they are closed on Sunday and Monday and on weekdays their hours are the same as my work, so it's hard for me to stop by. But I finally made time to stop by on a rainy Saturday, there was still a line. The line moved by fast and food came out fast, friendly staff and good service. 

We ordered the Hawaiian Nachos ($13), it comes with crispy wonton chips on the bottom and half poke and half kalua pig on top, definitely generous portions just as pictured. Both were very flavorful and eating it with the crispy chips on the bottom was a perfect combination. With $13, I can't think of anywhere else that would give you this much poke, so highly recommended! 

We also ordered the Ono chicken ($10), the chicken was crispy and flavorful, the sauce that they use was good. Again, generous portions and great price. Definitely well worth your money, I would come back and try their other dishes. If this food cart was closer to me, I probably would come here more often."
"This place is so delicious! And the serving sizes are insane!!! My roommate discovered this place while driving around and found a line that went out of the food cart pod and onto the sidewalk.

The menu (and sometimes hours) change daily, so you really need to check their page on social media. If I remember right, they don't allow pickup orders either, you have to go stand in line (but I could be wrong about this). The service is usually pretty quick, at most a 20 minute wait even when it's busy, but your food is guaranteed fresh. Some other things to keep in mind: all of the takeout containers will be overflowing and rubberbanded as close to shut as possible, and they don't provide bags so be sure to bring your own if you need to take your order anywhere.

If you're a first time visitor, I recommend getting the Ono Chicken. According to Google, ""Ono"" in Hawaiian means ""Good"". It's accurate. The chicken pieces are breaded and have a slightly sweet flavor. You'll also get a scoop of macaroni salad, and enough rice for four people. The amount of chicken will easily feed two people, or one hungry person and you'll have a little bit extra to share.

My roommate's had the poke before too and loved it - it was too much for him to eat in one sitting.

The only thing that I haven't liked, and this is a totally personal thing, is the Laulau pork. I'm not a fan of banana leaves and the flavor just got into the pork."
"Note to self: must order online first and then budget 30 minutes over the provided estimated time.

I ordered the following items:
- Ono Chicken ($13) 
- Spicy Ahi Poke ($13) 
- Kalbi Short Ribs ($14) 
- Hawaiian Nachos ($15) 

TIMING 
I picked the order online at 12:15 a.m. in front of the shop (I didn't realize it was online ordering). At that time, there were only 4 groups waiting for pickup. The online order gave me an estimated time of 12:50 p.m. I ran some errands and came back but the order wasn't ready then. I finally got my order around 1:30 p.m. 

FOOD 
The portions for everything was huge for the price. Everything was tasty and very flavorful. I would order again:
- Ono Chicken
- Spicy Ahi Poke"
The food is delicious and reminds you of Hawaii. The line is long (took about 1 hour the past 3 times I went) but I would easily stand in line again for the ono chicken!
Best Hawaiian food in Portland!! Spicy ahi, ono chicken, and kalua pig are our household favs and must trys. 100% worth the drive and any wait time
This is the real deal. Portions are Hawaiian Big the taste is local style Waianae, Hawaii too. Friendly people making ONO Grinds brah. Been here three times meat jun, Kalua Pig and Spicy Poke bowl. All three are so good brahduh. I like go mo but I need like go to da gym now. Aloha
"Grind Wit Tryz is VERY hyped up and I can see why. The food is delicious and they definitely do not skimp out on your portions. The amount you get for the price you pay is well worth it but to be honest though, we weren't completely blown away like so many others were. 

We ordered: 
- Ono Chicken/Ahi Poke combo plate
- Ono Chicken/Kalbi Short Ribs combo plate 

The Ono chicken is one of their very popular menu items and though it was good, it was a bit underwhelming as it lacked a little flavor and it was a little dry as well. We found ourselves having to dip it in a sauce for more flavor. The Ahi Poke however was bomb. And their kalbi short ribs weren't bad - they were tender and marinated well. 

I've been waiting for so long to try this place but avoided it for a bit after hearing about their 1+ hour wait time. They recently opened a brick + mortar on Alberta and also recently launched their online ordering. I HIGHLY recommend to stay up to date through their IG: @grindwittryz - more than 90% of the time, they'll get slammed with orders so they'll temporarily disable the online ordering. They'll also post their menu for the day the night before and some items rotate. Definitely will give them another shot to try their poke nachos and other menu items."
If you ever want to try good, local, authentic Hawaiian and Filipino food, this is the spot to go to! Their ono chicken is sweet and savory with a nice crisp to it. I love how their menu changes daily so there's always sometching new to try. Their poke is also great since they keep it nice and simple and don't add excess/unecessary toppings that most places in Portland do. The owner is super friendly and local as well so you know you're supporting a great business and getting some awesome me ono grindz!
This place is sooo good! We live in the SW and it's totally worth the drive. We generally try to get several items because everything is so good, the portions are large and definitely big enough for two meals. I definitely recommend this place! P.s. follow them on Instagram or FB for their daily menu.
"Just moved here 2 weeks ago from Oahu, Hawaii and was on a search for some Hawaii food in the event I was home sick and needed it. Most Hawaii people would go to Zippys first thing when they go back Hawaii hence the saying ""First Stop Zippys"". Anyways, my nephew reminded me that his friend Tryzen had a food truck so we decided to go. We got lucky and got there on a weekday and only waited in line for about 25 minutes and another 25 minutes for the food. Grinds Wit Tryz was the only food truck that had a line and let me tell you it's definitely worth the wait. All food is made as you order it and portions are HUGE. I read another review saying not to waste your time but in my opinion it's not wasting your time when you know the food that's about to be in your tummy is as ONO as back home. We ordered Lechon Kawali, Kalua Pig and Lau Lau, Ono Chicken, Ahi Katsu and Pan Dan. This Lau Lau was massive! And the slice of the ahi was beyond generous, back home a fat piece like that would cost you about $25. My fave was the Ono Chicken, it's a cross between Zippys and Sugoi's (both in Hawaii and if you know you know) but better...way better. Super stoked he's opening a restaurant. Definitely recommend coming here, just be sure not to arrive hungry."
Wow! Its been awhile since I found a food cart that has everything I want. First of all,  the taste  and flavor of my dish - the loco moco - was right on point! The meat was seasoned well and had both the flavor and was not dry. The eggs were cooked perfectly and was even better with that gravy! The rice was also cooked perfectly and was not hard. I'm not really a fan of mac salad, but theirs was delicious. Secondly, the portion here were very generous. I could've have easily split this meal with another person or have it for my second meal. Lastly,  the prices here are phenomenal. Everything is under $10! Nowadays, that's pretty hard to find. The service was very friendly and also quick. I would definitely come here again!
Great food for a low price! Staff is friendly and food is always made fresh to order. Large portions keep me coming back. Best food in the city! Highly recommend!
amazingly huge portions, multiple meals for extremely low prices. ono chicken is probably the best fried chicken i've ever had. there is a wait usually, but if you get there about 10 minutes before they open, you won't wait long and it moves fast. the people who work there seem pretty bummed but can you really blame them? they're working during a pandemic and probably have a lot of impatient people. try it out!
They stack this shit on god and it's a good price. Food smecks and if I was rich I'd eat it everyday frfr
Ono grindz! Great cart with local kine service. Portions are huge! I got the spicy ahi plate. Two scoops of rice, big portion of ahi poke, and a side of mac salad. Reminded me of the plate lunches I would get when I lived in Hawai'i. Can't wait to go back for the shoyu chicken and the katsu. Broke da mouth!
Ordered online and it was ready when they said it would be! We got the spicy ahi poke, ono chicken, and the short ribs. The poke was the best thing by far, so delicious!! Ono chicken was so moist, flavorful and crunchy. Wasn't a huge fan of the Mac salad, it lacked flavor. The short ribs were amazing as well. The poke alone is worth the wait. Will be returning!
"I have been here a number of times. The food here is very good.

I order the 2 items with rice combo for 10 bucks.

Kare Kare was very good. Right amount of peanut butter flavour in the sauce. & sauce had right thickness.

Pork BBQ was savoury and fatty, as it should be."
"I have been here a few times and while the food is pretty tasty, the service can be better. Compared to the other Filipino restaurants along the stretch, I find the staff here not as warm or friendly. 

I had a hard time ordering the food, even when I was there with a Filipino colleague who helped to explain or translate, they still did not get my order right. 

The line and wait can be long, especially during the lunch rush. Even if you are there early, not all food will be ready. 

One thing I did not get was the ordering of lumpia. In the price list, it said ""Fried lumpia (3 for combo) $1.50"". I asked about it. First, the staff said it was not ready, that they only fry on the spot otherwise it would not be crispy. Then she said it need to be pre-ordered. So did that mean I need to call in advance to order just 3 pieces? It did not make sense to me.

The general feel I got from my visits here were discrepancies in the prices listed and what they charged, the staff was fairly impatient when being asked questions, the staff was not really keen to explain the what the dishes were.

Maybe it would be easier to order if you can speak the language or bring someone along who can speak it, or if you stick to the basic of the combos on the board and not deviate from that and try to order those side sides.

Pretty disappointing. I think I will stick to the other restaurants nearby instead."
Pancit Bihon! Tasty noodles cooked and seasoned perfectly. Place is busy as they are popular among local Filipinos
"The BEST food out of all the Filipino restaurants in that strip at Joyce street. The owner is super nice! But, there's One RUDE server! Who has no customer service skills whatsoever. out of all the nice elderly servers she's probably the ""youngest""  one I'd say in her mid 40s wears crazy makeup RUDE and DISRESPECTFUL. I mean I would still come back for the food, I'm just saying. Some people might not comeback because of her rude ass behaviour. That is all."
"Writing this during our worldwide covid19 situation ~ I'm SO grateful that they provide home delivery service! Really craved some comfort Fil food today

Was able to conveniently place my order via DM Instagram & paid via etransfer 

They were kind to allow me to make a few personal requests

Food arrived on the time I requested - good portions and warm! Loved our order of their (noodles) pancit palabok, pancit guisado (requested no meat), ginataang langka (non-sweet coconut jackfruit), fried lumpia (veg egg rolls) & turon (sweet plaintain spring rolls - requested less caramel coating) 

They even gave me free rice & soup!

Also, as requested, they dropped it off at the door, but texted me just before they did & watched me from the car to make sure I got it!

Will order from them again!"
"Writing this during our worldwide covid19 situation ~ I'm SO grateful that they provide home delivery service! *As of today, they now use Uber Eats Really craved some comfort Fil food today

Was able to conveniently place my order via DM Instagram & paid via etransfer 

They were kind to allow me to make a few personal requests

Food arrived on the time I requested - good portions and warm! Loved our order of their (noodles) pancit palabok, pancit guisado (requested no meat), ginataang langka (non-sweet coconut jackfruit), fried lumpia (veg egg roll& turon (sweet plaintain spring rolls - requested less caramel coating) 

They even gave me free rice & soup!

Also, as requested, they dropped it off at the door, but texted me just before they did & watched me from the car to make sure I got it!

Will order from them again!"
"This place is where I started loving filipino food... I really like kare-kare and dinuguan from Pampanga's Cuisine, it never disappoints! 
I ordered through instagram DM yesterday because of the COVID19 issue, food is still amazing!"
If we're near Joyce station, we always take out from here! If you're unfamiliar with whats what, the people serving behind the counter are very friendly and willing to help you out and give recommendations. Get the pork sisig!
Tanam was an experience that transported us.  It felt almost magical, and the setting was elegant, but the staff made it feel homey and not stuffy at all-- we felt very welcome and comfortable.  The food was spectacular, and you learned about the inspiration or heritage for each dish.  The tamarind and daikon chawanmushi in particular blew me away, but the craft and care put in was evident in each course.  I can't recommend this place highly enough
Amazing!!!!!! Best Kamayan I've ever had. Thank you for everything. Enjoyed it and staff and chef are wonderful!
My wife, two friends and I came one evening per the recommendation of a Filipino friend who raved about this place. One of us is a vegetarian and Ellie prepared a meat-free set for her that was, by all accounts, analogous to everyone else's courses. The evening was precisely the kind of eating experience that you dream of. The food was of course delicious, carefully put together, and totally thoughtful (e.g., she buys whatever fish is the freshest in the morning and designs her menu daily around ingredients). The decor was relaxing, hip, and kept the focus on the food. We drank, chatted, and ate. Talked about what we were eating and how blown our minds were. Ellie, a former neuroscientist, came out and hung with us at the end of the meal. It was like watching an intimate theatrical performance with a post-performance hangout with the actors, the director, and the writer. The overwhelming sense of the evening was how much heart and soul Ellie puts into her food. I wish I could have spent all night there. What an absolutely wonderful experience. I cannot recommend it more highly.
Great experience.  The food was amazing.  We started with amazing lobster spring roll, then a pork belly noodle dish with scallop, then it was a bone marrow and short rib dish, and for dessert we had the most amazing Ube ice cream ever! Cant wait to go back, seasonal menus. Highly recommend!
"This review is for the seated prix fixe menu. 

The food was incredible. Traditional Filipino flavors and ingredients presented in a modern and original way. Every course was excellent.

The space is tiny and encourages that all guests get to know each other quickly. There is no space for private conversation. Within minutes the entire table got to know one another and the conversation continued throughout the night. They have created a really cool experience.

Cocktails were all unique and really good. They also serve Filipino beers.

Service was exceptional. You are provided with the inspiration and details of every dish served.

Can't wait to go back!"
I went to Kamayan with my partner and two friends. I'm Filipino, and I've been looking for an experience like this in New England for a couple decades. For those unfamiliar with Filipino food, one has to appreciate how much work goes into preparing their milkfish and lumpia: I love milkfish, but it takes a lot of work to take out the tiny bones, and the chefs at tanam did that for us. The tightly wrapped lumpia, as I learned from trying to make it myself at home, takes skill, and though I don't eat pork, I made an exception tonight because the lumpia smelled so good. (I loved the ginataang kalabasa the most.) Ellie and her staff paid addition to the little details like Bruno Mars playing when we walked in and a Jollibee figurine parked by the sink. Mostly, I was so proud to be Filipino in this space introducing my country's food to friends. It was an occasion and an event, and I look forward to taking more friends to experience it. Maraming salamat!
"Tanam is a really lovely food experience which takes its inspiration heavily from Filipino and Southeast Asian cuisine (but isn't limited to that). Other reviews here have summarized the general experience well (communal table of nine in a very well decorated and lit pop up shed in Bow Market, about $90/person for a 5 course menu on the weekend).

The night we were there, Bow Market was filled with millennials dining and drinking at the other food places and breweries, which made the contrast with the older foodies at Tanam a bit amusing.  Everyone at the table was impressed with the variety of items on the menu and the execution of everything -- lobster lumpia, pansit with mango and scallops, bone marrow with short rib, coconut milk, pineapple and turnips (this was the dish I was slightly wary of because the mix of flavors looked odd but it was perfect), chicken asado with an amazing tomato sauce. The dessert (an ube ice cream sandwich) and the ube cocktails were phenomenal.

Because this is a more intimate and unique foodie trip, I'd caution people not to expect what they might get at a bigger restaurant -- service people hovering constantly changing silverware, refilling water glasses, constantly soliciting drink orders. Given the other reviews here, I was pleasantly surprised at how good the service was, but the key is patience and savoring the food and special cocktails, as well as the ability to speak with Ellie, Tanam's mastermind, about all the dishes. 

To emphasize, this is not a ""typical"" Filipino food restaurant -- no heaping plates of pansit or adobo or bowls of sinigang. But as a food experience, this was fantastic, and I can't wait to go back."
How do you do kamayan sa labas in the time of covid? Easy, instead of a community table with a feast layed before them, there are mini shared platters that are cornucopias of delicious filipino food. While you can't do the shared meal and shared story telling with a bevy of strangers these days, getting to do that with your dining partner makes for an amazing and intimate experience. You get pork belly with glassy skin, a perfect lobster, delicious fish and a ton of other sides. We were lucky to get a reservation for the last week they are doing it for the season. That said, they're still doing takeout, and the food is worth it alone. Their cocktails are yummy too. The ube cocktail was the favorite of the night.
"So incredibly happy for Ellie and the entire team behind Tanam!

I went for the traditional kamayan feast, which I think they only do on Wednesday nights. Kamayan is the traditional way to eat, no utensils, just your hands. All the food is laid out on banana leaves. Crab, shrimp, eggplant, string beans, pork belly, lumpia, mango, pineapple, rice (of course rice), and like 6 different sauces that allow you to make endless combinations of the feast in front of you.

The setting is small, just one large table and a small waiting area while you watch the chefs set the table. It's warm and cozy and although you might feel awkward about eating next to a bunch of strangers, something happens when you first dig in. Barriers disappear, you start to share crab legs, and suddenly the whole table seems like one big family. It's not just about the food, but the culture and story behind it, and that's what makes Tanam so amazing. 

I believe they'll be doing some late night stuff, and more small bites stuff. I had some of their wings before they officially opened and I've just been waiting to have more ever since. 

On a scale from weedle to Mewtwo, I would put Tanam at a Snorlax, partly because that's what I felt like after the meal."
"I think tanam might have the best restaurant food I have ever had. We had the kamayan feast for two ( you need to reserve this well in advance, and sat on their porch).

Every single item was delicious. The mussels, lobster, squash puree with chicaron, chicken wings, pork, and even the salad. It was just a fantastic experience.

The drinks were also brilliant. We had the Ube sour and the death trap. I wish we had taken some pictures of the food but we were just too busy eating :(

Also tanam is part of a coop! And stands for social justice! What more can you ask for ?"
Been waiting nine years for a good Filipino restaurant in the Boston area - and finally it's here! The food is beautiful, tasty, and soulful. Especially that grilled pork belly with vinegared fish and smoked coconut puree - just wow. Will be taking my friends and family here on the regular.
"ALAYA DINNER REVIEW

I first heard about Tanam on the Eater ""Hot Restaurants"" List. Coincidentally, a friend was coming in town and wanted to do a tasting menu so it was almost fate that I had just recently read about Tanam.

Tanam is located in Bow Market in Somerville, an eclectic courtyard filled with several little shops, including one that sells chocolate, another that sells pierogies, and then a brewery (Remnant Brewery). It's fitting that Tanam is found in Bow Market because of the uniqueness of the dining experience. Something unique about Bow Market is that they have All Gender bathrooms, which I had never seen before. And I'm not talking about the single room bathrooms, I'm talking about those where you go in and there are several stalls and urinals. Definitely a new experience but I'm sure these will become more normal.

We arrived to Tanam to a white room with white curtains and a single table set for 9. There is a 5:00 PM seating and a 7:30 PM seating so we arrived at 7:30 and were seated at the table. Soon after our fellow diners arrived and we ended up becoming friends throughout the meal. I think that is the point of Tanam...you end up having a conversation with people you wouldn't otherwise have and you make new friends.

FOOD: We were served a 5-course fixed-price meal of Filipino American cuisine. The owner and head chef (Ellie) would come to explain the inspiration for each dish as it was served, whether it be something she learned from someone in her family or something popular in the Philippines. While the Filipino elements were there, she also tried to incorporate local New England elements, especially in the seafood. Normally I would go through every dish in detail but given that the menu will be changing soon and I think it should be more of a surprise, I will refrain (but you can see the pictures below). What I will say that most of the dishes were delicious and executed well and they will all have ingredients you likely have never had before. Some favorite dishes included lobster, duck confit, and this fritter with papaya, bean sprouts, and scallions.

DRINKS: The drinks are very unique here as well...I had a Filipino beer (San Miguel) but my friend had a purple cocktail made with Ube. They take a lot of pride in their drink menu so be sure to try a few things.

This is a very unique experience that you won't find anywhere else. I would highly recommend it as a way to get out of your comfort zone and have a dining experience different from the usual small plates restaurants around the city (which I also love)."
"Did the kamayan yesterday and I can't stop thinking about it... 

The FLAVORS and VARIETY of foods and preparations were memorable. You get salty, sour, sweet, bitter, creamy, crispy, chewy... everything you could desire. Squeamish about eating with your hand? You'll get over it once you have your first bite. Try and hold back from eating with both your hands. 

The QUALITY of the food was high- I'm not sure how they prepare everything in such a small space and keep it all at the right temperatures and textures. Kudos to the chefs for operational creativity! I also like that they've elevated Filipino food for the city, state, and dare I say, the country. It's a far cry from jollibee, although a little jollibee figurine joyfully watches over your every delicious bite. 

The price seemed steep at first, but everyone in the group agreed that the VALUE was great because of the quality/quantity of food and the unique environment. 

SERVICE was always with a smile, and they were open to answer questions about the food or their establishment.

I will be back when I bring friends who are visiting from out of town, a special occasion, or if I'm in desperate need for crispy pork skin."
Beautiful little space that brings together food & an environment perfect for conversation. A great project to support: worker owned and with a political conscience. What else can you ask for?
Can't miss experience! Food is delicious, setup is engaging and unique and the experience is worth telling all your friends about.
"The Wednesday kamayan feast at Tanám is a truly unique experience that I just can't recommend enough!

Tickets are $70 pp, and you'll want to purchase a few weeks in advance, as dinners do fill up. We arrived for the 7 PM seating and waited outside for a few minutes while they cleaned up from the 5 PM dinner.

Once inside the small space, we picked our seats at the one communal table and were given drink menus to peruse. One of the owners introduced herself and answered any questions we had about the cocktails. We then placed our drink orders and were asked to get up from the table so that they could start setting it for the feast.

I loved watching the set up! On top of the banana leaf-topped table with a pineapple in the center, they zigzagged steaming rice and then placed the various foods on top as well as sauces in small bowls. We were handed our drinks while we waited. The Ube Sour was so good! And so purple!

When we sat back down, the other owner explained what was in front of us and how Filipinos typically eat this hands-only meal. And then it was time to dig in! I loved everything I tried - from oysters to lobster to pork belly - and experimenting with the different sauces. A group favorite was the lightly fried fish. The mango was perfectly ripe, and there were pineapple chunks inside the pineapple to include some sweetness in this one-course meal. 

Eating in such a physical way at a communal table also fosters some great conversations! I was so happy to enjoy this meal as well as support this women-owned and operated business. I wish them much success and would recommend this to everyone who is looking for a unique, delicious dining experience."
I am so glad Tanám is open, what a special place! The food and drinks are incredible- I've been there a few times late-night for drinks and bar snacks and everything I've tried has amazing flavor combinations and was absolutely delicious. The other thing I love about tanám is that it's a worker-owned cooperative! It's so cool to be able to eat and drink at an amazing place like tanám and know that all the workers are owners. They are one of only a few food businesses in Boston that have this business model and it's inspiration to see that it can be done, and done so well! I can't wait to come back and try more deliciousness!
Yo. The ube sour is completely off the damn hook.  I plan to come back and work my way thru the drink menu.  They were showing Paris is Burning, so I learned some shit.  And the ambiance is so dope.  It's like cloud city -- come thru Billy Dee Williams!  I am also ordering some chicken wings to go home and have comfort food as I watch my reality tv shows.  Sooooo good. The bartender is completely knowledgeable about what she serves.
My husband and I had an amazing dinner at Tanam during opening week! The communal atmosphere (you're seated at an oval table with other guests) led to great conversation, drinks were fantastic, different than anything I've had in the Boston-area, and thoughtfully paired with the menu. Chef Ellie came out to give us a little bit of background on each dish served (my favorite was the braised oxtail). Every course was phenomenal and fresh - we'll be back for Kamayan and bar night soon!
This is a great concept, a great space, and great food. So glad that Bow Market is welcoming Tanam!
This is hands down one of the best meals I've had in the Boston area. It strikes the balance between authentic and ambitious. It's fresh, seasonal, and the flavors are bold and balanced. It's an incredibly intimate setting, so you will get to know the people sitting at the table with you. We loved the communal experience, but it's something to keep in mind if you are looking to spend time alone with just your date. It's also a restaurant on a mission, which you can ask the chef about. She's super accessible, friendly, and has put so much thought into her food that she can write a novel about each dish.
"I'm really rooting for this place. I'm southeast Asian and was so excited to try a creative approach to familiar flavors. The menu is rough around the edges -- hits some high notes but is not consistently delicious. The menu rotates, and based on reviews here and the review in the Globe, I think previous menus were more delicious...

Our menu included:
- an octopus dish (a nice sauce but the octopus was poorly prepared - way too chewy, a few other diners left theirs uneaten)
- an empanada (pretty good, hard to go wrong) 
- a seafood tinola (I usually love a gingery lemony fishy soup but this was difficult to eat, maybe too fishy/pungent)
- a wedge salad with strawberries (pretty nice, refreshing, nothing special)
- a baked coconut dessert that I actually loved

My husband & I had three different cocktails between us and all were great. Cheers to the artist -- Kyisha Davenport.

The communal table was a little stressful for me but an interesting experience. Given the tiny size of the restaurant and your proximity to the other diners, you will def chat with your neighbors.

Overall, the concept is amazing, but I think in any restaurant (especially an expensive one!) flavors need to come first."
Went to Tanam on opening night, and was so impressed by the intentionality and innovation in how the space was designed, in addition to having a beautifully curated menu and drinks list. All the food and drink I enjoyed that evening were on point, as was the service. Highly recommended.
"New Year's Eve dinner and cocktails to go was great way to celebrate! The food, the drinks (Florida Water!), the miseducation, the playlist (The Roots! ) perfection. There is so much planning and work that goes into these ""at home"" events, and the owners deserve a big shout out for making this one a stand out.  Thank you for putting this together and creating a really memorable night. I'm hoping my 2021 ends up being an extension of this kinda excellence. Looking forward to visiting restaurant and getting to experience in person. Thank you!"
"This place is a GEM! Tanam has been on my list of restaurants to visit for over a year now, and so glad we were able to go as they reopened again during COVID.

We made a reservation for 2 through their website and pre-paid for the meal as well as drinks and gratuity. Ellie greeted us when we entered and we were seated at a table for 2 on their patio, which was modest but nicely decorated and felt like a private dining experience even though it was adjacent to the Bow Market courtyard. Thoughtful COVID accommodations including hand sanitizer on each table, laminated menus and dining guidelines, gloves, etc. Staff all abided by masking and sanitation guidelines.

Drinks--We started off with two cocktails, the Ube Sour and the Death, Trapped, and were SO impressed with the complexity of flavors and how well they melded together! Extra appreciation for the fact that the star ingredients were things like ube, calamansi which are very much essentials in Filipino cuisine and lesser-known to the American palate. We also got the Give Her Flowers, the proceeds of which go to coalitions/collectives that support Black transgender women.

Food--We had the vegetarian Kamayan (every fourth week of the month I think) which came out on a wooden platter. A lot of Filipino food I had had before were very meat-heavy, and I was very interested to see how they would achieve the same flavors in a vegetarian context. Let me tell you, we did not miss the meat at all (and my partner is very much a carnivore). There was a wide variety of different ingredients, textures, flavors, that were used in very clever ways--e.g. ""sisig"" with 3 types of mushrooms, ""lechon"" with young jackfruit, etc. Ellie explained to us each individual dish and its compositions, and also shared some personal stories and inspirations from her family and childhood. 

It has already been iterated in many other reviews that the food at Tanam is incredible and packed with exciting flavors, and that the dining experience is unique and enjoyable--that alone makes it worth a try. But even more, I also want to highlight that the entire concept of Tanam itself is so thoughtfully done, that the food here is not just about what you taste and what you experience, but also about the cultural, personal, and political narratives that food inherently holds; it certainly is made with soul, fervor, and love. I think that beyond amazing food and a fun experience, this restaurant is incredibly unique in what it stands for and what it is doing within the industry. I highly encourage reading about their history, purpose, and business model before going. Tanam, thank you for sharing your food and your passions with us, particularly during these trying times."
"I've been here twice now. Hands down the most incredible experience and amazing food in Boston. The first time was for the Kamayan dinner where we got to watch them set up the banana leaves on the table and it was a feast of rice, grilled fish, whole lobsters, lumpia, veggies, pork belly, mussels, mangos, and pineapples. Everything was delicious, messy, the fruits were so sweet, the lobsters and pork belly were perfect, and the sauces they have are unique and complement anything you could want to dip on the table. I also really enjoyed their cocktails. Very Filipino inspired and the flavors were on point. 

The second time I went was for the NYE feast. This was not an eat with your hands situation but still quite the show. There was a whole suckling pig that made it out and a pork belly ginger soup with chicharron, salad, and an array of squash, bokchoy, and greens on an ube paste to go along with it. Included 3 drinks and dessert. Plus, they let us pack up as much food as we wanted to take home!

Very happy this place won Eater's Best Restaurant of 2019. Well deserved and so excited for the next time I'll be back. There will definitely be a next time."
"I was really excited to have a Kamayan feast for the first time! 
Here are some tips to have ensure you have a great dining experience.
1. Make a reservation, they have limited outdoor seating.
2. As the weather is getting cold, bring extra sweaters to keep yourself warm. 
3. You will have to prepay for your food and cocktails in advance. The food is $70 per person + tax + tip + 20% service charge.
4. Gloves and disposable cutlery are provided. Usually you can eat with your bare hands, but during COVID times, it was good to have the gloves.
5. Go hungry, because this is a huge feast!

The coolest part of the experience was meeting the chefs and trying one of their special dishes that they had won an award for. 
The Kamayan feat included lumpiang (spring rolls), which is a staple in Filipino food. We also ate lechon llempo (roasted pork belly), achara (pickled veg salad), ebun (egg), and a lot more dishes. Everything was amazing. 
The cost in my opinion is a little steep since it was over $100 per person, however, it did include a lobster. Each platter is meant for 2, so a table of 4 will get 2 platters. If you go as couples, sit across from each other so that you share the same platter. 
Kain na! (Come with us in Tagalog)."
"Five stars go to the halo halo $4.99, described as a mix of sweet brown beans, white beans, tapioka, sweetened bananas with crushed ice, milk, and taro (purple) ice cream topping.  Loved the purple ice cream topping my dessert cup, and found a treasure trove of yummy treats at the bottom.

Five stars go to the owner (me thinks) who handled the front of house and back of house nearly all by himself, and made us feel welcome though we did not count among his Filipino speaking patrons.

For dinner, I had the Pancit Canton ($4.99 for small) Thick wheat egg noodles with vegetables, daing ng bangus (fried milkfish) $4.99, and Bistek Tagalog ($5.99 for small) Thin slices of beef simmered in soy sauce and vinegar, topped with fresh onions.

The milkfish was fried such that you could eat the little fish bones and all, but still, be careful and chew thoroughly as the little bones could potentially give a hearty scratch on the way down.  Perhaps you can try swallowing a clump of rice if you find yourself discomforted by a bone refusing to make the trip.

Both noodles and beef were tasty, but a bit on the salty side.

Their grill is currently down, but will be back up the first weekend of May, along with their grilled meat options of BBQ skewered chicken, pork, and perhaps beef, and then the pork chop, all with the same bbq sauce with molasses (iirc).  I hope to be back then too, for both the meat and another round of their halo halo dessert.

***

JNJ Turo Turo is open weekends only -
Friday  11 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Saturday  11 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Sunday  11 a.m. - 7 p.m.

Credit cards accepted.

Casual order at the counter type spot.  Menu lists items and prices only.  Check out their online menu for descriptions.

A sink is available for hand washing."
Just moved from Seattle, WA to Boston, and my husband found this restaurant on Yelp! Have been going back there every weekend since, and love the food! My son's favorite is pork adobo with lots of sauce, so we go there on Saturdays because it's adobo day. :) Also try the sinigang and bistik! Gene, Eva and Tita Letty are always friendly. We stock up on dishes during the week since they're only open from Fridays to Sundays. :) Worth the drive!!!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!  I'm sitting here right now as I type this. I moved here from California 4 months ago and this is my first time eating Filipino food since. This place feels like home! The food is delicious, the restaurant is clean and they provide excellent customer service! I ordered the dinuguan and bikol express, and I ordered the kare Kare to go!
Amazing food. Great ambiance. I ordered the adobo and the hubz ordered the grilled pig belly. Delicious!!
"This a ""hole in the wall"" restaurant with great food and wonderful service."
"JNJ Turo Turo is a very quaint, family operated authentic Filipino restaurant located in Quincy. They have some premade items you can choose from right by the cashier along with some made to order items that are listed on the wall. The menu changes daily.

We ordered the fried fish (I forget the name of the dish) and we got the last one of the day. The family ordering after us also wanted the dish and we were so very close to just giving it to them, but we really wanted to try it and I'm glad we did because it was the best dish of the night. We also went with the crispy pork belly, the pancit (stir fried noodles) and the beef BBQ on a stick.

The crispy fish was definitely the best dish. It was a milk fish, I believe that's what they said, and it was fried whole with a very nice crispy skin and tender flesh. The very soft bones were edible as well, so you didn't have to worry about that. It did have a bit of a vinegary taste, but I kinda liked that as a compliment to the dry white rice that we received with our dinner.

The beef bbq and pancit were just alright, nothing special. In fact the pancit was a little flavorless, but I added some of the fish sauce that was on the table to it and that helped it out.

The lechon was a bit disappointing though. They looked overly dry and tasted like day old pork chop. The dipping sauce, which I swear has some apple in it, was actually quite nice though.

I think we did this restaurant a disservice by coming in an hour to closing time. We probably got the dregs of the day since they weren't going to whip anything new right when they are closing shop. I'd come back and give it another shot if I was ever in the Quincy area again. I give JNJ Turo Turo a 3 out of 5."
Our favorites were the kare-kare (cubed beef and tripes stewed in crushed peanut sauce with string beans and bokchoy with sauteed fermented shrimp paste) and the halo halo ice cream shaved ice dessert. The staff was very warm and nice!
I am so happy JnJ Turo Turo exists.  Otherwise, there would be no other place to go for my Filipino food fix.  While it is a little inconvenient for me to take the Red Line and walk from the T stop to the restaurant, it is worth it.  You can't really go wrong with pinakbet, lumpia shanghai, or caldereta.  I especially like the kare kare.  Whenever I ask for calamansi juice, the server usually directs me to the Filipino grocery store next door, but that's not a big deal because I always end up shopping there anyway.  All in all, the food is tasty, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is cozy.  Whether you're new to Filipino food or not, you should definitely try JnJ Turo Turo out!
"Great little place in Quincy. 
Good food, great staff
Plates are a bit smaller then I expected for the prices but I will return for sure."
"I had a great experience at this place.
It is rather a pain in the ass to order as they close fairly early.  My boyfriend works until 7ish, so I got take out and brought it home and reheated everything.  They told me that the cook was no longer there and had gone home when I ordered at 7.  This is a local restaurant, not a chain, and I'm sure he went home to eat with his family or something.  I did not mind and the food was still excellent.
I ordered the dinuguan, minced pork cooked and seasoned in pork's blood, and the binagoongang baboy, pork chunks sauteed in shrimp paste.  I'm not sure if we ordered exactly the second one.  We also order the family rice, which was $1.50 and a great value.  Both dishes were excellent.  The dinuguan was very, very earthy and rich.   I would recommend this if you like liver or prefer red wine to white.  The binagoongang baboy was my favorite and slightly sweet and refreshing and so delicious.  The dishes did not blend well together, but that was entirely due to my ordering and not the restaurant.  
I can't wait to try this place again as a treat.  If you are a foodie, come here."
The only Filipino restaurant that I know of in a 100 mile radius of Boston (maybe further), but well worth the trip. The tilapia was very tasty and I really enjoyed the pancit,it was delicious. Staff is very friendly. The place is small and seating is limited. Parking is also hit or miss, but if you go during non-peak hours (I think they are only open Thurs - Sun) you should have better luck finding parking and a table.
Things were rather disorganized and confusing on my first visit here. There were no menus only some names of dishes on a menu board behind the counter. The family matriarch in her 70s tried to offer some suggestions but it was confusing not to have descriptions or prices of items. I tried to pay for my lunch and the credit card machine shares the same phone line as the restaurant. Some relative kept calling as I tried to swipe my card so I had to restart the process 6 times. Good food overshadowed by an unprofessional and disorganized system.
good filippino food at good price... wish they were open more!  would go every wknd if lived closer!
"Great fast and adorable food at a cute family owned restaurant. Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon. 

Get there before 12:30 if you can, it fills up fast after that!"
The only Filipino restaurant in New England i think, pretty cozy shack place... Very good food!
Excellent customer service!  We ordered for my son's Baptism last Easter and food is always a hit with my guests.  My family really appreciate it that owner cooked for us on a holiday even though it was just a small order. More power to JnJ Turo-Turo!
"PROS: family-run, with good, friendly service; food was delicious; will definitely remind you of the Philippines

CONS: not conveniently located for Quincy, let alone Boston; also, value isn't that great-- meaning, the portion-to-price ratio is off. I think they should up the size of the dishes or lower the prices."
Clean, family oriented and friendly small restaurant . Delicious food especially the crispy bagus ( milk fish) and adobo. Only issues I had was the bagus was served to us late, it was served when we were almost done eating. The halo- halo was OK. Nothing especial. Everything was price fair. Its next to Filipino market so we when food shopping after. Definitely come back .
Just okay Filipino food and limited opening hours but since it's the only filipino restaurant in whole of Mass, this place is a treasure find.
"Adobo: great mix of pork shoulder and pork belly in an A+ Demi glacé, though somewhat oversalted. 

Lumpia shanghai: pork and carrot filled spring rolls, small, fine, but unremarkable.  

Kare Kare: beef and tripe with green beans and bok Choi in a nice peanut sauce. Very nice. Served with very pungent shrimp sauce. 

Bihon noodles: small cellophane noodle with carrots, unremarkable. 

Busy at 4pm on a Saturday!

Great prices. Friendly staff, helpful."
"Limited selection of Filipino cuisine, but still some really good and fresh stuff. I ordered the Halo Halo and though it was really good I was pretty bummed there was no ube, instead they used ube ice cream to replace that oh-so-yummy paste we all look forward to. But I can't dock them for much because they are THE ONLY FILIPINO MARKET/EATERY in MA, so I've heard.

The staff is really nice, which is more than I can say about the market folks next door. I'm sure they're partners, too."
"I'm sorry, but how can you not give 5 stars to a restaurant that is the only one of it's culture in the state. I give them alot of credit to open a business where the population of it's people is low (and even many of those believe that they or a family member can can cook it just as well at home than at any restaurant). My wife even think I make a delicious chicken or pork adobo and beef calderita
If this place was closer than a 50 minute drive (and sometimes longer on the way back when I'm full and need a siesta) we would be there at least once a week..
We can and do cook some filipino dishes but do not have access to all of the necessary ingredients. Besides, it's always a treat when you don't have to cook  or clean up the mess yourselves.
So we ordered the Chicken Afritada, Dinuguan, Pancit Bihon, and Pork BBQ Sticks/Skewers. Everything was great and I would have ordered many more skewers (beef and pork) if I had the room in my belly. This was my first time trying dinuguan and it was great, the taste was nothing short of rich, tasty, and hearty.
The only thing that we would have liked better was an upgraded rice, for years we have only eaten Thai Jasmine Rice, which is much better than the run of the mill rice. However, for the last couple of years we have become hooked on Japanese Nishiki rice. In our opinion, nishiki is the best, but we can understand that even jasmine rice may not be economical for a small family run restaurant. 
We loved the food and it's a great way for my wife to meet and speak to other filipinas. There are so few here in MA. 
There is also a small filipino market next door. Although it is now not the only filipino market in the state, there is another small grocery  in Milford, MA which we just recently will check out soon (only a twenty minute drive away)... actually we did but on that day (a Saturday) they closed early and left a note on the door.    :(
We do miss the Philippines, especially our family and friends in General Santos (my wife's hometown) and Cebu (our home for two years).
Mabuhay! Thanks for bringing a piece of home to my asawa (wife)! God Bless Palagi!"
"This is place definitely a gem. I can never find filipino food, especially around Dorchester.  So when I go to Quincy often, I try and stop by JNJ Turo Turo for some quick lunch or something to go. My mother-in-law thinks they are pricy considering the portions they give you but in my opinion, they are worth it because you don't find filipino food around Boston often. Their lechon kawali is a must. It's a little hard to chew because it's probably cooked in small pieces but it's not greasy at all. The liver sauce that accompanies the lechon is pretty decent as well. The bistek is another must have. I have never had bistek as good as theirs before. I also love their crispy pata. Who wouldn't love a good deep fried pig knuckle? Their lumpia is pretty decent as well.

The staff is super nice. Just make sure if you want something, call in ahead of time because their menu changes. There are somethings are always offered though (lechon, BBQ, crispy pata, lumpia.)

For those interested, there is also a grocery store located next door to pick up anything else your heart might desire."
"This is an excellent Filipino place with authentic pinoy food. 
Everything is cooked fresh and delicious!
Adobo is flavorful and outstanding. Fried Tilapia was good too.
But I especially enjoyed the Lechong Kawali with their special sauce. 
The lady (I think she's the owner?) is super friendly, and it really felt like visiting a friend's grandmother's house for dinner. 
I'll be returning."
"Gotta love a restaurant that has vegetable dishes still having meat listed under the vegetable section of the menu. :-P

This is the only Filipino restaurant for miles and miles? Pretty unfortunate, but hopefully this place will be a start of something growing in the Boston area. However, it's a start, because JNJ, while homely and unique, has some things that need to be worked on.

First off, unless you have your smartphone handy, deciding upon items on the menu at the restaurant is difficult, unless you know the stuff. I had to read through the menu with my phone because there were no descriptions on the board at the restaurant. Plus, the staff there started to get impatient with me, trying to describe the items. 

I went for the bistek tagalog and was the best dish I had there. The beef is pretty tender and the sauce isn't too sour, but has a nice tangy flavor. It goes great with rice. The pork belly is nicely seasoned, while being crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The lumpiang shanghai (spring rolls) weren't all that thrilling and a lot smaller than it looked on Yelp pictures. 

Another trip, I tried the kare kare, which was okay. The beef was tender and there's a strong peanut flavor. However, I guess it's just not really my cup-of-tea. The shrimp paste doesn't really work for me, either.

Prices...well, pretty good but portions vary. Get large portions instead of the regular. A regular sized pork belly is about a 1/2 pint. The bistek and kare kare are pints, which are adequate.

n.b. - only open Friday, Saturday, and Sunday"
"Home cook feel, not that many choices. Not many open hours and days. It's a cute small place. Very inexpensive.  I don't know Filipino food, but it  was tasty. 
Portions were a bit small so i'd recommend ordering an extra dish."
"as a last treat before leaving boston, i took my friend to jnj's for some home-style cooking. my mom and i went last september and ate soooo much. everyone's friendly, i get distracted by the filipino channel, i have to ask questions about some of the food (mixed up laing with daing) but great both times! it's a little out of the way, but well worth the trip. i've had:

-pancit
-sinigang at buto-buto
-lechon kewali

it was all good and just what i expected! granted, i can cook these things at home, but sometimes you just need a treat. i need to go back to try the halo-halo, but i'm always too full!

i went later on a sunday and they had run out of a lot of the favorites (adobo, etc) so i would say get there earlier on the weekends to have your pick!"
My friend wanted to check out this place because she is half Filipino and wanted to try an authentic Filipino restaurant. She lives in Cambridge and told me that there aren't any local restaurants that serve authentic Filipino cuisine so I was excited to check it out. It is in Quincy in a very accessible location, we went there after work on a weekday so it was easy to find parking nearby on the Main Street. The restaurant itself is a hole in the wall very casual place but everyone was super friendly. I used to bathroom which you have to walk through the kitchen to use and I noticed that there 4 crockpots on a standard restaurant metal counter cooking all of the food while someone else was washing the dishes. There is a chalkboard with the menu and some food out buffet style so you can see some of the food that you were ordering. Good thing my friend is familiar with the cuisine because there weren't descriptions of each item. We tried the nice stek, chicken adobo, pancit and lumpia. For drinks there is a soda machine with bottled water soda etc so we grabbed diet cokes. The food you pay for at the counter before you eat it however they were kind enough to serve it to us. I thought every dish was delicious and my friend was impressed that the food tastes just liked her mom's cooking. Do not come here if you are looking for a fancy upscale restaurant. It is very outdated somewhat disorganized and we almost didn't sit down because it seemed run down like it wasn't safe to eat there. However there is great authentic food and it was delicious, it is a great hole in the wall that shouldn't be missed if you don't mind an Anthony Bourdain like experience.
"Great place! A lot of space, very clean and friendly workers. Had the kare kare, lechon kawali, and halo halo. 

Kare kare has a great peanut broth with just enough coarseness to give it texture. The meat was tender and the ratio between that and vegetables was perfect. 

Lechon kawali, I mean let's face it you can't go wrong with fried pork anything, let alone the belly. Great meat-fat ratio and the way they sliced it thin was good. 

Halo halo was also very good. Not too much gelatin/beans and a great big glob of Mongolia I've ice cream. 

I was very pleased about this place, it was a slice of home for me."
"You need to call if going during the week, their sign said open only Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  I think this will change, new owners and the place is busy.

We walked in and the place was empty, there was a stack of dishes in the kitchen due to a busy lunch crowd.  The dishes were quicky gone and we were glad we stayed.

We had the crispy pata, pinakbet and halo halo and obiously rice.  Everything was great and we will be going back.  Parking is a little tough but doable.  Nice crowd of people including families.

Definetely worth the trip."
"My friends told me that this was the only Filipino restaurant in Boston so we decided to check it out for dinner (also we were having dinner to commemorate a Filipino friend of ours, who is currently working in NJ!)  

We arrived at the restaurant around 6:45pm (although we were well aware that the restaurant closes at 8pm!) We didn't know what to order but the woman behind the cash register and the cook did an amazing job explaining each dish for us to choose!

The dinner is definitely a family style and we watched two episodes of The Voice Kids Philippines version. We got 5 dishes (I don't remember the names of the dishes but we got a dish each of vegetables, fried pork, beef, fried fish, and meifun noodles). The food was really good except for the fried pork- we were served with the fatty stuff and we were given the bone. So we felt that we were ripped off with this dish. 

We ended dinner with the halo halo and the dessert was simply amazing! You must end your meal with this dessert!  Definitely would come back here again for dinner!"
"After moving to Boston, away from my Filipino mom who would make some delicious Filipino cuisine, I was craving some good Filipino food.  After a lot of Googling I learned that there is just one Filipino restaurant in the greater Boston area - JnJ Turo Turo - so I was hoping that it was going to be good.  It was delicious - very authentic, great food, and the prices were phenomenal!

I ordered the pork sinigang that was perfect - just how my mom makes it.  There was a good ratio of meat to veggies and the broth had the perfect amount of citrus.  My fiance got the chicken adobo - the flavor was delicious but the chicken was not the best quality (not bad quality but not the best).

We ended our meal with halo halo.  I am VERY picky about my halo halo.  There is a restaurant in LA that has best halo halo I've ever had and this is the standard that I hold all halo halo to - the JnJ Turo Turo halo halo lived up to it!  It had the perfect proportions of each element and was topped with ube ice cream - which is a must for halo halo for me.  We will definitely be back!"
"I stopped in yesterday for a snack since I was in the area and was craving a home style Filipino meal. The place is a counter service restaurant, which is exactly the kind of place I love. Low prices, good food, and owner operated.

I ordered the Bistek (sliced beef with onions), one of the ready made items and BBQ pork skewers (inihaw na baboy), cooked to order. The order took about 10 minutes to put together, which I spent shopping at the store next door, and then watching the Filipino channel in the restaurant. 

The pork was moist and tender, well seasoned and made me reminisce of my Tito Tony's back yard cookouts. The bistek was exactly as I my mom makes it: thin slices of lean beef in a tangy sauce and big rings of sliced onion. 

For both orders, I paid less than ten bucks.  I will definitely go back to try more items from the menu."
We drove from Boston to this restaurant to eat FIlipino Food and it didn't disappoint. We will be coming here again!
"The chef-owner Jervin Erasquin has been in the area for about two years.  Before that, he managed a Japanese restaurant in The Philippines.  His friend owns the Sure Pinoy Market next door, and when they moved one shop over, they offered Jervin the opportunity to open up the only Filipino eatery in all of Massachusetts.  (The next closest Filipino restaurant is in Hartford, CT!)

Don't come to JNJ for the dining experience.  Eating at your house in front of the TV is a step above what JNJ offers.  There's no wait staff, just an aunt/sister/daughter/cousin helping Jervin bus tables, serve food, and take orders.  JNJ doesn't have a liquor license, and there's no BYOB.  They have odd hours, as that they are closed on Mondays and Tuesdays, and only open until 8pm most other nights.  Finally, there's no set menu (contrary to what the online menu would have you believe).  There are simply two boards on the wall.  The one on the left has whatever Jervin has cooked that day, and those dishes are ready to serve from the cafeteria stand out front.  But there is also the board on the right, which has dishes that are cooked to order in the back, taking anywhere from 5-10 minutes.  While you're waiting for your order to be prepared, take a seat at one of the four tables in front and watch the TV in the corner playing The Filipino Channel.  
Now let's talk about why you NEED to come to JNJ: the food.  If you like Filipino food, JNJ offers up a wide array of home-style cooking standards with a few twists that will surprise even the hardcore Flips in your crew.  Yes, Pinoys everywhere in Boston, rejoice!  One of your own is serving up the goods!

If you're not from one of the thousand-or-so Philippine islands and have never had Filipino food before, order up a bowl of rice and try a dish or two.  Nothing is too spicy, and everything is served bite-sized.  (You get a spoon and a fork, no knife!)  When in doubt, just ask Jervin.  He'll hook you up with something that will knock your socks off.  Here's what we had:

- The Pork BBQ - out of this world.  Served on skewers like an appetizer (2 per order).  I could eat these all day every day for the rest of my life.  Fan-frickin'-tastic.  The number one reason I am now a fan of JNJ.
- Pinakbet - Vegetarian dish that does not disappoint with its wide variety of Asian vegetables.
- Pancit - Oh, you thought this was just a Thai thing?  No my friend, you'll find that Jervin serves up a heaping plateful of this well known dish, as that it is just as common in the Philippines as it is in southeast Asia.
- Pork Afritada - Chunks of pork cooked in tomato sauce, potatoes, carrots, and bell peppers.  Take it, pour it over that plate of rice you made for yourself, and chow down!  Enjoy the awesomeness.  A little sweet, a little tangy, and 100% delicious.
- And when you're done with all that, order up a cupful of Halo-Halo for dessert.  My mother-in-law has it almost every day when she's back visiting the Philippines, so to have it here in Boston was a special treat.  It got the Mom's Seal of Approval!

Dishes are around $5 each.  You spend more than that at the Laundromat, so save some of those quarters for JNJ.  Four of us ate for $40, and we left stuffed.  Jervin's dishes are well worth the visit, but the lack of ambiance is noticeable.  Order the food as takeout and it'll be like having a home-cooked Filipino feast without dirtying any of your pots and pans!  Also, there's catering, so if you want large amounts of Filipino food at your next party, JNJ is the only call you need to make."
"The lady manning the front was good about describing the dishes listed on the board, but a bit light handed in her scooping.  Our hot items ended up being more sauce than substance, and the ice cream in our halo halo was less generous than the first time around.

We came for the grilled meat (well, I did, anyways), and the halo halo $4.99, but decided to round out our meal with some vegetables courtesy of the Bicol Express $6.49 (small) with its pink tinged coconut milk and the tomato sauce based Afritada $6.49 (small).  The meat in the Afritada was on the tough side, but both sauces were good accompaniments for the rice ($1.50 for a large bowl).

The board listed the bbq pork/chicken as $2.50 per stick.  We found this to be slightly deceiving as we ordered 1 pork and 1 chicken but ended up receiving a plate of 4 sticks - two of each type of protein - and being charged $5 per order of BBQ skewer placed.  I commented on this confusing diconomy, so hopefully this will be more clearly and correctly noted in the future.

As for the sticks themselves - yum!  They were tasty and tender and just plain good.  I preferred the pork over the chicken just a tad.

So yes, the halo halo seemed a bit smaller than before, but it was even better tasting this time around with more fruit chunks hidden beneath the shaved ice mound.

***

Don't forget, JNJ Turo Turo's timing is a bit limited, that being weekends only, closing on the early side by either 7pm or 8pm, depending on the day of the week.

And if you go, don't miss out on their BBQ skewers and Halo Halo dessert!"
"If you were as lucky as I was growing up, you were surrounded by a bunch of iron chef-like competitive Filipinas who every day cooked as if they were preparing a banquet for visiting royalty to show up at any moment. And can you guess who moseyed on into the kitchen, plopped themselves down like a king or queen and looked around expectantly for the tasty food to magically appear?
If you guessed ""me"" and thought of yourself, you are in fact pinoy/pinay and you also likely had a mom/tita/lola/nana who chased you out of the kitchen only to find out years later that your royal delusions of grandeur have worn off, you can't cook it so it tastes ""the same"" and now you're royally screwed b/c JNJ Turo Turo is the only Filipino restaurant in this deprived town. So that's the deal former little princes and princesses, quibble all you like, you still have to come here to get your Filipino food fix. And now you know why you hug mom/tita/lola/nana a little tighter when you go home. It's because you think you're getting some decent lumpia out of it."
This place is great! Very homey atmosphere and friendly owner. We had the pork adobo, bistek tagalog (my favorite! the sauce was really delicious), kare kare, and lechong kawali (which came with a delicious dipping sauce). The halo halo that we got for dessert was fantastic. The price was great for the amount of food we got to share among four people.
"I just moved to Boston from California and I was excited to discover that there is a Filipino restaurant in Quincy that I can go to for my favorite Filipino dishes that I grew up with.  Coming from California, people would be surprised to know that my personal favorite Filipino restaurant is located in SE Foster St, Portland, OR because it's a sitdown restaurant where they cook your food on the spot and the food is not swimming in grease which California Filipino restaurants tend to be.

So back to JNJ Turo-turo.  The food is amazing. I ordered kare-kare (cubed beef and tripes stewed in crushed peanut sauce with string beans and bokchoy with sauteed fermented shrimp paste) and the sauce is actually made out of crushed peanut and not just peanut butter (compared to California).  I also ordered lechon kawali (deep-fried pork belly) with lechon sarsa (pork liver sauce) which is crispy but not greasy.

They also accept Visa credit cards which is good.  I would love this place to succeed so my only recommendation is for them to increase their restaurant staff because the auntie server/cashier can get a little frazzled when it gets busy."
So I've been craving Filipino food ever since I got back to Boston. I'm so used to good, home cooked Filipino food back in SF because all my Filipino friends' families spoil me and fatten me up every time there's a family party. I came to JNJ Turo Turo hoping to find the same quality and experience but sadly... it was a little disappointing. The food isn't BAD, but it isn't great either. It was just..okay. I had the sisig, lechong kiwali, pancit, lumpia, and sinigang soup. The soup was pretty tasty, the sisig was okay, the lumpia wasn't good, the lechong was...alright, and the pancit was pretty much flavorless and meant to just accompany the other dishes (almost like rice). The portions are fair sized; I guess it corresponds to the prices. 5 dishes and the bill came out to be under $30. I think it's okay, and it satisfied the Filipino food craving temporarily. Meh.
This is the only Filipino restaurant in New England....It's a family run joint so the food is delish in its own way. They have the standard Filipino staples, kare-kare, crispy pata, adobo, lumpia, calamansi, etc. They also have a hand washing station for those of you traditional folks who eat with there hands. The prices won't hurt your wallet too much and you can't go wrong with a place that gives you a huge serving of white rice.
"Everything about this place is cozy. It feels like you're stepping into a Filipino family's kitchen. It's an unassuming building on a random side street and we never would have noticed it if we weren't specifically looking (and even then we almost missed it). 

Inside, the staff was sitting at another table having lunch and chatting. We'd never had Filipino food before so the owner came over and described every dish and what was in it, then asked us what we were in the mood for and gave us recommendations.

The dishes were heaped into plain white bowls instead of spread out on a fancy serving platter, and the portions the owner suggested were perfect for two people. You could just tell that the vibrant flavors all came from the seasoning and fresh ingredients, not MSG or grease.

The food was all new to me yet reminded me of home cookin', like the unique and novel tastes were somehow familiar. It was so satisfying in more ways than I expected. I would eat here every other day if it weren't so far from where I live."
"It's pinoy! It's cheap, it's edible. To me this place is like going to that aunt's house who doesn't cook as well as your mom does. It's good but not great. The people there are super nice they helped my howlie friends figure out what they want. 

It's a small joint menu online or on the wall. Order at the register and take a seat. They serve you at the table if you're not doing take out. Pay when you're done. This is not a place you take a vegetarian and absolutely not for vegans."
I'm Filipino so I was thrilled to have this restaurant in the area. The kare kare is wonderful! Sinigang one of my favorites. If you're new to Filipino food, definitely try the lumpiang shanghai and chicken bbq skewers. It's a small restaurant, but usually when I go in, it's easy to find seating. The staff is attentive and courteous. My other favorite dishes are pancit bihon, afritada, and bistek tagalog. If I have enough room, I end with a halo halo.
Please try this place!!! Have just moved to Boston from NYC -this food is FANTASTIC!! I have read the other reviews and do not agree that the pancit is tasteless, it is absolutely perfect. After dating a filipino for 4 years, I've become very familiar with Filipino cuisine, both good and bad-and everything we ate was delicious. I can never remember the names of the dishes, we had diced pork with green beans and a coconut sauce,  meat lumpia, beef with peanut butter sauce (there is tripe in it though, they don't tell you that) and the pancit. It is cozy and warm and we will be going back as much as we can.
"What a great place. The service was so good and the food was great. They were so nice the place was about half full but they took the time to explain every item on the menu. I completely don't remember the names of any of the dishes but one was a pigs blood stew and it was great also had a couple pork belly dishes that were wonderful one was a bbq style and the other was a crispy pork belly with a magical dipping sauce. The halo halo was great and generally speaking I don't eat ice cream just because I'm not a fan but this was incredible. Wonderful beans and some sort of fruits I think. I could have had another one

Totally will be back"
"This is the only Filipino restaurant in the whole state of Massachusetts! Food was authentic and delicious. We ordered lechon kawali, pinakbet, lumpiang shanghai, kare kare, and halo halo. My only issue was that the serving sizes were very small compared to other Filipino restaurants I have been to, however with the cheap prices, I guess that's what you get! On another note, I read a review about this place from an obviously ignorant person complaining about what she called ""tiny egg rolls."" Lumpiang shanghai is meant to be ""tiny"" or rather bite-sized, and it is delicious with or without the sauce."
"Filipino food exists in Massachusetts!  Sweet.  This family-run restaurant is located in Quincy, but I'll gladly make the trek out here on weekends (note: they close at 7:00 p.m. on Sundays now).  The family is nice and friendly.  They remembered Biba (one of the two friends I came with) from her previous visits.   Each day they make 4-5 dishes and have a consistent short-order menu (items take 5-10 minutes to prepare).  A tv in the corner shows The Filipino Channel.

Today we had:

-Lumpia:  Solid.  Perfectly crispy, appropriately flavored and almost as good as my mom's.  

-Pancit bichon:  Also solid--on par with my Virginian relatives' version.

-Lechon kiwali:  Not as good as a freshly roasted pig--I'd give it three stars.

-Pork bbq skewers:  Yum!  Reminds me of summer picnics with large groups of Filipinos.

-Halo-halo:  The ube was so delightfully purple.  I'd like it better if they included more mix-ins."
This place is awesome! Perfectly authentic Filipino home cooking for cheap.
For great Filipino food in Boston, come here! It is a small restaurant run by a family but the food is authentic and delicious. I recommend getting the BBQ skewers, crispy pata, and lumpia (egg rolls). They also have halo halo which is a traditional Filipino dessert. This place is also very affordable for the amount of food you get. Enjoy!
just got take out from here tonight. I will tell you up front that I have no idea of what Filipino food is supposed to taste like but I do know when I like a taste and this food was definitely tasty.  We ordered chicken adobo (very tender nice flavor throughtout),; kare kare (tripe tasty, beef nice and tender);crispy pata(delicious,yummm);liempo(this was the best); bistek tagalong (good).  For desset ordered halo halo but I have not tried it yet ..it is in the freezer..stuffed from all the food I ate....I will definitely be eating Filipino food again!!
Ordered from here a couple of times.  Food is delicious and they are willing to negotiate the price when you order for a big group.  Will definitely keep going back.
I grew to love Filipino food when lived in LA so I was looking forward to my visit.  The restaurant is very authentic, homey and the people are very friendly. The food was ok, it didn't wow me.  The Lechon needed more seasoning, the adobo was ok.
My friend and I ventured in from Cambridge.  It's about a good 10 min walk away from the T station, but worth it.  The lumpia was very delicious (so delicious we had 2 servings) and so were the pork bbq skewers (and we ordered another serving after our first).  My friend who never had Filipino food thought it was all delicious, but the pancit was bland.  We also had the deep friend pork and although fatty, was very good (as well as the sauce to dip it in).  I would return if I was not moving away from Boston, but it is a little bit of a trek when leaving from Central Square.
"Never had Filipino food before, but the opportunity to meet friends for lunch in the Quincy area on a Saturday catered to the opportunity to dine at this small primarily take-out spot with maybe five tables - all filled at the time of our arrival.

I looked confusedly at the menu posted on the wall listing simply the name of the dish and their respective prices.  The menu on the left seemed to list dishes that they had already prepared on hand, while the one on the right was perhaps cooked to order.  We managed to order a few things to share, but ultimately I have no idea which name went with which item.

Each dish was scooped into a bowl and served hot to the table along with a large bowl of rice for each pair of us to share.  I particularly enjoyed the sauce from the Adobo chicken $5.99 and the Bicol Express (pork and green beans in coconut milk) $5.99 mixed in my rice.  We demolished the noodle dish, but found the beef to be a bit salty.

The one veggie dish consisted of okra, eggplant, green beans & etc.  The eggrolls come in pork (lumpiang Shanghai $4.99 for 6 pieces) and veggie (lumpiang gulay $4.49).  We got the pork - they were tiny, but hot and crispy and tasty.

The ladies served us in a very welcoming fashion.  And though we ordered at the counter, they delayed payment till the end of our meal.

I suspect that there is no public restroom, as I noticed a sign about handwashing that I didn't read all that carefully."
"Filipino food just like my mom makes.  We have metric ass-loads of food whenever we come here.  They also do take out, which is great for me since this place is quite a hike.  

Ambiance: The place is very clean and bright, but I'm not a huge fan of  the cafeteria-style presentation at the front counter, which is typical of restaurants in the Philippines.  Also, Pinoy TV is great for background buzz.  

Staff: Really, really nice.  It's a family-owned business and although the menu doesn't have much explanation, they will happily go through the dishes with those not familiar with Filipino cuisine.  

Food: DELICIOUS.  Oh man, kare-kare, pinakbet, sizzling sisig, lumpia,  pancit....damn.  My mouth is watering.  The food is authentic and the prices are CHEAP.  Huge portions mean you'll be full in under $10.  The menu is small but it changes daily. 

Bonus: Filipino grocery next door!  Yay bibingka and ube ice cream! 

God, I love this place.  It makes Massachusetts a little more inviting."
"Since this is the only Filipino restaurant in close to Boston, most of the people come here that are living close by. Its located in Quincy and I used to live in the area before I moved. The restaurant has pretty good size. Sometimes it gets busy so you'll wait for a seat sometimes, but doesn't happen all the time. It only opens three times a week so that's the only thing about this place is its not open all week. Aside from that the food is good. The owner is really friendly, you can also order and call ahead if you don't have time to dine in. they are pretty good about it.. It also comes out in a reasonable time. It has the TV that shows The Filipino 
Channel that would remind you of the shows back home. Its good to remember how it feels when you are just getting a good home cooked meal and just relaxing at lunch time.. I come visit this place with friends and sometimes i stop by when i buy something in the filipino store which is just next door."
I went here for the first time and the food was amazing. The people working were also very friendly. I loved the sisig and the pancit bihon. After, I also ordered halo-halo which I enjoyed. Definitely would come here again! Can't wait.
I LOVE this place. I have been coming here since 2012 when I moved to Boston. It reminds me of home and my grandmother's cooking! Everyone is so friendly, and the food is great! I also love the fact that they serve lechon baboy/belly! YUM! I highly recommend this place. :-)
"Service is slow sometimes but the food is decent. Also, I suggest calling the store before driving to this place. We live 30 mins away and we drove here one Saturday night and they were closed at 5:45pm when the hours online says 8pm. 

I called the next day before driving and glad I did because it would have been another wasted trip. I called around 5:30pm and the lady said they were already closing down the store due to them not having any more food to be served.

I'm coming back again only because this is the only Filipino Restaurant in my area."
"This review is soely based on the Halo-Halo ice cream.  It's perhaps the most fascinating dessert i've ever had and I happen to love ice cream.  It's not exactly front and center on the menu, but if you ask for it, they'll whip it together with care using purple yam ice cream, kidney beans, coconut, shaved ice and some more gummy yummy ingredients. It's truly fantstic

Also feel free to stay and watch some Filipino TV"
Feels like home. Literally. Food's great. Prepare to make friends. This was home away from home in Massachusetts.
"Walking in here the ambience was really comforting. It's very cozy and gives off the vibe of my tita's dinning room complete with the background sounds of the ""TFC"" channel while you're eating. For those of you like myself who've had a lack of home cooking and that atmosphere it's a welcoming comfort. 

Coming here with my bf was his first introduction to some dishes and he fell in love with their sinigang. I really regret not ordering some to go for home after. After eating more than half of my halo halo, we had to go next door to the grocers and get ube ice cream for home because he needed that flavor in his life."
"Yum! Pretty sure this is the only filipino place near Boston!  The waitstaff here is very friendly and asks if you've been here before, if not he gives you suggestions on what to order.    The food here tastes great and the prices are reasonable!  We got lechon kawali, fried tilapia, chicken adobo and grilled pork.  The whole meal also came with a giant bowl of rice.

I really enjoyed the grilled pork (as recommended by the waiter, and it was cooked perfectly), and the chicken adobo (the sauce tastes great on the rice - its like a soy sauce vinegar sauce), so I suggest getting those if you come!  The fried tilapia was also pretty good, the skin was perfectly seasoned and fried (but I personally just hate dealing with fish bones...)  I wasn't a huge fan of the lechon kawali but the sauce it came with was pretty good! 

Before we left we also order the halo halo to go because we were too stuffed to eat more!  The only reason I bring this down a star is that they could do a bit more cleaning... the overhead lamp at the table looked like it hadn't been dusted in months... But regardless, I definitely recommend coming here if you haven't had filipino food as this is as probably as close to filipino home cooking you will ever get!"
"You know growing up on Filipino food I had high expectations before coming here, and it did not disappoint!

This place has a real homey feeling to it. 

The food was superb home style cooking that you would expect at a Filipino family's home. It isn't fine dining, but its not supposed to be. If you want family cooked Filipino food, this is your place.

If you're a Filipino food virgin here is my lineup for you to order: Sinigang, Kare Kare, and pork adobo. It's a nice start off for now but if you want to be adventurous, order Dinuguan.

The servers are great and friendly. Typical Filipino moms who are more than friendly.

Though it is primarily Filipino Americans who eat here, don't fret if you aren't Filipino! Just come here to eat some good food. Everyone's Filipino the moment you step through the door, lol. You won't get any awkward glances :))

P.S. Get halo-halo and eat Kare Kare w/ bagoong ( just ask)"
My boyfriend is filipino and was missing some good home-cooked food so we decided to venture out to JNJ Turo Turo. We ordered the lumpiang shanghai, lechon, sinigang, and halo halo. It was okay, but definitely not the same as home. It all tasted a bit stale - like it had been reheated. The halo halo was good and my boyfriend got all giddy while he explained all of the colorful pieces in it. I'm not sure if it's worth the trip to Quincy, but pretty much the only option if you need your filipino fix.
Small, cozy restaurant, friendly Filipino staff, and good food.
"My biggest weakness is Ube Ice cream, and I will commute all the to Quincy just to get it. I've been here a few times with my mother (who speaks Tagalog), and I usually need her help in deciding what to order! I'm used to my mother's Filipino home cooking, but we like to go here to try dishes we don't know how to make ourselves. 

The food here is very home cooked and it feels like you're joining a warm and welcoming family for a delicious meal. My favorite dish here is Dinuguan, which I didn't realize was pigs blood until my mom translated and told me that, but it's still delicious and I enjoyed every bite of it with rice. 

A must is to get dessert here! Please try Halo-halo here! Ube ice cream is so hard to come by here in Boston and the supermarket next door is one of the rare places you can find it! Their halo-halo here is delicious, and my mom always reminisces about her childhood memories in the Philippines while eating it. 

If you want to try Filipino cuisine, this is one of the rarest places you can find in Massachusetts. The only other restaurants I can think of are all the way in New York City, but this one feels like home."
My boyfriend and I visited this place last night based on (what else) Yelp reviews.  We were in a pinch for a quick, cheap, local dinner that wasn't going to clog our arteries and I scanned Yelp and found a review for Turo Turo.  We gave it a shot and were not disappointed.  We stepped in to a cozy small room with quaint wood tables and yellow walls.  We approached the miniature buffet counter and a man asked if we had been there before. He went over the menu with us and we decided on the Kare Kare (based on a review I saw on here) and the bistek with an order of spring rolls.  My boyfriend is a meat and potatoes kind of guy so he left the ordering up to me.  The rice and food came out quickly- the rice was sticky and perfectly cooked.  The two dishes were good, but I imagine they would have been even better if they had been freshly prepared.  We chowed down while watching some fantastically fun Filipino TV.  The portion was perfect and price was right ($20 + tip).  We will be back, especially to try the Halo Halo and some other treats!
"I love Filipino food. Some of it reminds me of dishes from where my parents hail (Kerala, India) and the rest of it is unlike any other cuisine I've ever had. You'll walk out of here with a newfound appreciation for what can be whipped up using vinegar for flavor. 

I've only ever gone here with my Filipino friend so I honestly don't know the names of any of what I've eaten. And most of it has been different every time I've been here, but generally, anything that involves fried pork is a home run. But my favorite dish is some sort of sour soup seasoned with tamarind poured over rice. Very similar to a South Indian tamarind soup called rasam. Sooo good. If that's not what Filipino comfort food is, then it should be."
"I'd been to Sure Pinoy Food Mart next door to replenish my pantry, but for some reason I'd never eaten at JNJ Turo Turo. I can't believe I've been missing out for this long. 

JNJ Turo Turo has a very homey, comfortable atmosphere. Between the welcoming staff, the teleseryes on tv, and the straw place mats that are brought out with your plate, it's like sitting at lola's kitchen table. I ordered dinuguan (pork blood stew), kare kare (beef and tripe in peanut sauce), and a plate of lumpiang shanghai (Filipino-style pork egg rolls). This, plus a large bowl of rice, was the perfect amount of food for two people. 

I was in heaven from the first bite. Everything tasted fresh, delicious, and authentic. It's hard to beat mom's cooking, but the food at JNJ Turo Turo definitely comes close. My boyfriend was really into the kare kare, but my favorite was the dinuguan -- probably because it was the most intensely Filipino thing on the menu that day. The lumpia were crispy and light, just as they should be. For dessert, we split an order of halo halo. Icy milk, sweet beans, tapioca, and taro ice cream? Mmmmmm. On a hot summer day, it really doesn't get much better. 

If you're looking for your authentic Filipino food fix, JNJ Turo Turo is the place to be."
"This place is definitely a gem, you could probably count the number of Filipino restaurants in MA on one hand.

My friend took me here after she visited the Philippines.  Overall, if your comparing this to ""the real deal"" then you are setting yourself up for disaster.  First off, I would like to say that this place has great food.  It may not be the bests Filipino food you will ever have, but it truly is a diamond in the rough and can help you fix that craving if ever need be.

For those who have never experienced Filipino food, this is definitely a good, safe place to start.  The dishes here are great for sharing family style between 2 or more people, or even just coming alone and ordering a couple dishes to try.

One of the best things about this place was that it seemed family owned (not actually confirmed), and that the people helping us were super friendly.

Bonus: there is a Filipino supermarket next door."
"This unassuming storefront restaurant on a dimly lit street in Quincy is a real treat. Finding a restaurant like this is what makes it fun to live in a metropolitan area like Boston. Around every street is a tucked away corner that doesn't have the flash and pizazz of the bigger restaurants. It just serves good food and offers good service. JNJ Turo Turo is one of those restaurants.

My wife and I had never tried Filipino food before and I am so happy we did. The staff were more than willing to answer all of our questions and helped me make decisions. The food I ended up getting was very yummy. An unexpected fusion between Spanish and Asian foods like the culture that they come from. The Halo-Halo dessert was great and a MUST-DO for anyone who goes.

Being able to go to the Filipino grocery store next door completed this international trip inside the Boston Metro area. There were so many unusual items that just piqued my curiosity and made me want to come back to try even more dishes."
Whenever I miss home my husband drives me to Quincy so we can have home cooked Filipino food (that I don't have to cook myself!). The staff is friendly and the food is good - not amazing and instagram-friendly but definitely a place you'd want to go to if you miss home. There are other fancier Filipino restaurants out there but the food of JNJ is pretty good for the price. Limited seats only. If you have time, visit the Filipino store next door for some grocery shopping!
"They sure have some strange hours here only Friday to Sunday.
It seems to be a pretty busy place when you come but the tables turn over fairly quick or you can opt for take out.
From what I understand it seems like the menu rotates and changes every day.
I got to have the fried tilapia and BBQ pork on a stick. It was pretty good! Definitely worth a couple trips to come try their different stuff.
The whole restaurant gets a bit smokey so be prepared to smell like food by the time you leave.
Service + food cooking seems slow but is actually pretty efficient and quick. It must have just been me in speedy mode because I was in a hurry.
It's a nice little Filipino restaurant hidden in Quincy"
It was so great to get some Filipino food here in MA. It's been 2 months since I've had my moms home cooking. I ordered Kare kare and sinigang. This really hit the spot. I wish this place was open for more than just 3 days.
"This place was legit! It's out in Quincy, but not too hard to get to. The staff was super-friendly and seemed almost surprised that I had found the place. 

It's very low-key at JNJ. Definitely all about the food. We had the Adobo--very moist and not chewy at all, the lechon Kawali--good, but definitely fatty (but that's the point), the Lumpiang Shanghai rolls (meh), and the Halo Halo which was really great and probably would be quite hard to come by anywhere else in the city. 

I definitely recommend."
This is Legit Filipino food. It's so nice to come here and dine. It's like dining with family. I come here every time they are open that I am able. Highly recommended.
I love Filipino food. This restaurant makes me feel like I'm in the Philippines as I reminisce my childhood. There should be more Filipino restaurants in the northeast side of the US. We need to be known!
"Hubs and i love this place.

not sure what authentic Filipino food is but if this is it, then its good.

Crispy Pata is a must. its deep fried pig thigh and its soo good especially with the vinegary soy dipping sauce.

We've also tried the stew which is really good and meat is very tender.

the sisig is tasty. it comes out sizzling and since all the pieces in it are chopped really small, it doesn't feel like you are eating liver, heart, and pigs ear.

Grilled pork belly-delicious.

The restaurant is run by  Jervin who is really nice and will go over the menu with you if its your first time.

don't expect top notch service, it is what it is but the food is great.

also, same room for dessert, the Halo halo is a great way to end a meal. its taro ice cream with beans, sweetened banana and condensed milk. Really great a hot day.

You can try anything off the menu and won't be disappointment."
First time trying Filipino food and this was a great first impression. I ordered the pork adobo with rice and lumpiang Shanghai and the flavor was excellent!! The lady working that took our order was so kind and did a great job explaining the different foods to us! Definitely a small little gem in downtown Quincy. Will be back for sure!
"This place was so good. When I walked in, I was not impressed and didn't know what to expect.  

I called up my Filipino friend for some suggestions, and she suggested I get the fish, daing na bangus. OMG. I never heard of Milkfish before that.  It was perfectly seasoned with hints of garlic and vinegar.   As a side, I had the bitter melon soup, pinakbet.  Yum-my.

Of course, I had to ask for some chili peppers.  Those were an excellent complement to the meal. Their rice is perfectly cooked as well.  My friend had some kind of pork belly.  I did not partake, but it looked good.

What changed my life was the halo halo. It was so good that my friend and I caught ourselves moaning and broke out into laughter.  Jellied fruit, sweet beans, shaved ice, and ube ice cream make for a party in your mouth.  

We loved it so much that we came back about a month later.  The person working there remembered us and what we ordered!"
I've never had Filipino food in my life and this is the only Filipino restaurant I know of in Quincy. I was warned not to come here by my Filipino friends because it wasn't the best authentic food they've had, but I decided to give it a try anyway. The customer service was very good because the only person working asked if we ever had Filipino food before and gave us suggestions and showed us the menu. The only complaint was that there seemed to be miscommunication on one of the dishes we chose, but she quickly resolved it by getting me the dish I actually ordered. I tried the adobo (most popular dish), Shanghai egg rolls, and the beef with potatoes and green peppers stew (I am not aware of the actual name). The adobo had a fragrant soy sauce flavor and the beef stew consisted of a tomato broth base.  I didn't have one particular favorite because I enjoyed them both, but they were definitely on the saltier side. Additionally, I wish they had lumpia instead of Shanghai styled egg rolls (honestly not even sure what the filling difference is though since I've never had lumpia). Lastly, I wish the portions were bigger because I definitely wasn't full after splitting two dishes with rice and egg rolls with my boyfriend. The price is average, but I don't feel like it's worth the small portions.
"Cute little local mom and pop restaurant serving up authentic Filipino food. It's tiny inside but they do take out too. We did have to wait upon arrival but the lady was very apologetic about it. Food came out fresh and hot shortly after we ordered. Everything was really good but I have to admit I was hoping for 5 stars!! 
Started off with the egg rolls, which are tiny!! The stuffing wasn't too flavorful either but the dipping sauce was good, wouldn't order again.
Wanted the fried tilapia but they didn't have it, had fried pompano instead, which is another type of fish. Fried perfectly, crispy and crunchy on the outside, soft moist meat inside but needed the fish sauce that's available as a condiment, didn't taste very flavorful though.
The pork belly was probably the best, it's cooked in a sweet savory sauce that goes perfectly with the big bowl of white rice that comes with the meal. Very tender and flavorful meat. 
Halo halo is definitely a must have for dessert. Shaved iced mixed in with jelly, beans, condensed milk and topped with ice cream. Be sure to stir it up a bit first, a very tasty treat and very unique to this place. 
Portions are small and we were full nonetheless but I'm not sure just how well the prices match up with what you get, but a good experience and worth a try."
"I've been wanting to come to JNJ's for a looong time...and my non-Filipino friends have been on me to try to organize something for a loooooong time....but today was the day!  I'm from California, so I'm used to having Filipino food readily available (I mean...at my parents house, it's kinda a given...being..Filipino..and all...) at different stores (Goldilocks, Red Ribbon, Good-Ha!, even Jollibee!, etc.) throughout the city.  When I heard about this other Filipino restaurant in Quincy when I first got to Boston in 2004, I hiked my butt down from Brighton just to find out it had closed not too long ago....but when JNJ's showed up, suffice it to say that I got a little bit too excited :)

I have been stalking the website since I knew it existed, and it's layout just got better and better (though the hours need to be fixed because there are 2 Sundays).  So I knew to expect the cafeteria style, which isn't so bad - you get to see what the food looks like! For those who aren't so familiar with Filipino food, it's really good for them to check that stuff out....Also, there's a second menu up on the wall of meals that take 5-10 minutes to prepare!  I asked the owner to kinda break down the food to my friends who aren't as familiar to Filipino food, and he happily went through everything naming the ingredients!

The food was....absolutely....awesome!! I got the pork bbq sticks and bistek.  I've been craving those bbq sticks for such a long time!!!  They and the bistek were soo good.  A single order of rice is one BIG HEAPING order of rice!  I could only imagine what the ""family serving"" looks like!  I came here with two ethical vegetarian/pescatarian friends...they knew that it might be difficult to find something here with all the pork we Filipino's like to eat....but they thoroughly enjoyed the lumpiang gulay and pinakbet (which has shrimp paste in it)!  Even after we were all so full of deliciousness, we treated ourselves to some halo-halo (""mix-mix"") action!!! They put a little bit of leche flan in it - which generally makes it AMAZING!

The service was great!  It's just so casual, inviting, and comfortable.  Every one of the staff was a family member - the owner's daughter, someone who could be my aunt, and another who could be my uncle!  It was nice to see everyone helping out...I almost felt like I should start helping! :D  The Filipino Channel was on in the background, but would occasionally become the entertainment...gotta love those game shows that involve random dancing/swaying back and forth and karaoke!

At the end of it all, we asked for take out containers, and they gave us full on tupperwear-like containers.....!!!!!!!  I mean...those things cost money...and there were 6 of us!  They were also really tiny, but perfect for the amount of left-overs we had.  Also, they had the cutest little to-go container for extra sauce!

For such a great meal and such hospitality (helping a Filipina feel more at home in Massachusetts), the cost was unbelievable!! Definitely cheaper than a plane ticket :)

If only there was a branch of JNJ Turo-Turo that was more T-accessible :(  Zipcar is great and all...but it just adds to the cost of the meal...oh, that and the Sure Pinoy Market next door....(but that place was also ridiculously cheap!!!!!).

For non-Filipino's, it's definitely nice to know someone who can help explain a couple of things...however, they're so nice here, no one should feel anxious about asking questions and checking this out sans Filipino friend. :)"
"Beginners tips:
-Go right when it opens
-A lot of the times they close early unexpectedly, so CALL first to make sure they are there 
-Always eat in family style
-Pay AFTER you eat and not before
-If they try giving you halo-halo with vanilla ice cream instead of ube, GTFO (they tried doing this to me twice)
-Noon on Sundays is when it is most crowded

Okay, now back to business. Filipino food is the best food, which I am aware how bias I am being as I am Filipino myself. As someone who is Filipino and lives in Boston, our options kind of suck. Asian Supermarkets rarely focus on Filipino food and we are stuck attempting to make our own halo halo at home. 

JNJ Turo Turo, the weekend only and exclusively only Filipino restaurant in Boston. Now, as fun as it is getting stuck in a ton of traffic to Quincy to hit up the only exclusive Filipino restaurant and Filipino grocery store next door; the food really makes up for the trip getting there.

If you are with a group of 2 or more people, may I suggest getting it family style. Everyone orders 2 dishes of their own and everyone shares it. This method is great when you have no idea what you are eating and get to explore more of the culture your friends. Hopefully you will have your token Filipino friend with you who can explain the menu in some sort of way to get a better understanding.

 Now when it comes to what to get...I have honestly eaten every single thing on this menu. My all time favorite is the lechong kawali--which is deep fried pork belly served with liver paste sauce. The chicken adobe is an all time classic Filipino dish and a must have at this spot. Kare Kare is another personal favorite, which is beef chunks and peanut sauce. There are few things you can go wrong with, especially if it involved pork. Pork in everything, its the Filipino way. 

IF YOU HAVE NEVER GONE BEFORE:
-I suggest you look up the menu on the website prior to going into the shop. The menu explanations are not on the board and if you go when it is packed (which is typically is) someone may secure your spot as you are stuck in contemplation
-Parking is not a nightmare. If there isn't parking on the street corner where they are, you are guaranteed to find parking on Franklin Street. I always park outside of Fusion Kitchen
-It can get really crowded, especially on Sundays because there is a lot of ""after church crowd"" that comes in. I would get there right when it opens
-Getting there on public transportation sucks. So go there when it's a littler warmer and no snow is on the ground."
One of the only Filipino places I know of. It was not bad they had good pork dishes but the beef sinigang was very salty and ketchup tasting. Overall it was decent. It's a small mom and pop shop. Menu is a little difficult because it's written in Tagalog with no translations.
"I come here whenever I get a chance.  Everyone is super friendly and will help you out if you've never come here.  The food is great and home cooked and the prices are cheap as well.  It's right next to a Filipino market as well and has parking along the streets next to it.  

The menu is on the board but they gladly explain any questions you have."
"Great Halo Halo, sweet lady who owns this place!

This cozy little restaurant is always busy!"
"Small restaurant next to a Filipino store. A visit to one usually means a visit to the other. This has been a good replacement for the old Shuttle Stop that used to be in Quincy Center near where the Fat Cat is now.

The restaurant itself is small, two larger tables for four, and maybe three or four high tables for two each. There is a TV on in the window facing inwards, but its usually playing TFC (Filipino TV). If you have a large group you may not want to come here.

Parking is street only.

As a Filipino, I know what is being offered. If you don't, you will have to ask or be adventurous. There are no real descriptions of meals. There are some prepared in front waiting, and the rest is on a board behind the register and cooked to order.

I recommend the bicol express and the pork liempo. Just ask and they will tell you what is in it. The staff is really nice.

Bicol express is pork in a coconut milk with spicy peppers. Order this with rice.

They serve Coca Cola out of 12oz cans.

The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is that it is the only one of its kind around, no competition."
"Went here a while back.  Seeing as there are essentially no other options (that I could find, anyway!) in terms of Filipino food in the Boston area, it's really fortunate that this place is great.

Reasonable prices and a variety of options.  We had milkfish, lumpia shanghai, pancit, and some great halo-halo for desert.  The woman who served us was very warm and welcoming, spoke fluent English and Tagalog.

The overall atmosphere was very clean, pretty, and upbeat.  A nice place to take a date, family, or friends!"
"Sizzling pork face. Shredded pork lumpia. Pork floating in different-colored broths. What can't they do with pigs?

The pork face was crazy, creamy, tangy, and delicious. It came with a lot of onions, but there were some textures in there that didn't agree with me. Kind of grisly and tough, but the flavor was nice and I charged through nonetheless. And who can say anything bad about shredded pork lumpia? Nobody.

Six or seven tables in this place, three of them high tops. The menu is entirely in a language I couldn't even identify, and asking the woman taking my order was no help. She would say, ""that's, you know, sizzling pork face."" And I'd ask ""what else does it have?"" and, frustrated, she'd reply ""PORK FACE."" Fine. I'll take it. And I'm glad I did."
"I had a wonderful (wonderful, wonderful!) experience at JNJ Turo Turo. This restaurant is an extremely charming, family-owned gem in Quincy that serves authentic and delicious Filipino dishes. Their rotating menu and standard favorites will suit any appetite and craving. If you've never had Filipino food before, the owner/chef was extremely helpful in describing every dish and helping you pick something to enjoy. It tasted just like the food my grandfather used to make, and it brought back warm, loving memories of him. I can't wait to go back.

This is the only Filipino food in the Boston area and they represent it well! It's worth the drive - a 5 Star promise!

GO NOW!"
"Very tasty Filipino home cooking. They are the only Filipino restaurant in the area and folks are willing to come from an hour away to eat here. They are very busy on the weekend, which happens to be the only days they are open (Fri-Sun).

The seating area is small with just a few tables. Various stews are on display in the front. Other items (such as Dinuguan) are available on the constantly changing menu and require a 5-10 minute wait. A bowl of stew and rice will cost about $7-8 and is too much food for one. The flavor is distinctly Filipino, with various herbs, umami flavors (fish sauce), vinegar, sweet (coconut milk) etc. They do not appear to ""westernize"" their flavors, unlike many Chinese restaurants in the area. They will make items off menu if you call far enough ahead and place an order large enough.

This place appears to be completely family run. The owner and his wife run the front, cook, and clean. They are very passionate about their product. They are doing a great job, but I hope they will eventually get some extra help and expand their days/hours, menu, and size."
"I have to give love to the only Filipino restaurant in New England (so I've heard...).  I went here today to try it out and it's good.  It hits the spot for some Filipino food but of course, nothing beats home cooked food.

The place is small with about five tables.  There are a few foods that are already cooked so you can enjoy them right away.  When I went it was afritada, adobo, sinigang and I can't remember the others.  I wish the afritada was chicken, but sadly it was pork.  They also have a board with various foods that have to be cooked.  I ordered from that and had the pancit guisado (sauteed veggies with noodles), lumpiang shanghai (meat eggrolls), and daing ng bangus (fried milkfish).  I thought the pancit was very good, well seasoned and a hint of calamansi (citrus fruit, kinda like lemon). I also liked the fact there weren't that many veggies (haha, though I know people wouldn't like that). The eggrolls were standard and the daing ng bangus was good - I liked the fact it was small most Filipino places give you a big piece.  This was just right. All my food including rice came out to $14 - not bad.  

I'd come back to this place, but it's a trek - not easy to get to without a car.  There isn't any parking, so you must rely on street parking.  There's also the little Filipino store adjacent to JnJ which has Filipino goodies like longaniza, frozen meats, hopia, skyflakes, and other things. So if you're taking food to go, you can stop by here and stock up on your Filipino goodies.(I did!)"
"When you travel 2 hours on the T to get here from the city DAS WHEN YOU KNOW!!

As a Filipino living in Boston, the cravings for filipino food hits hard because there are literally no other filipino restaurants in the area (* sad face*). Luckily, there is one place in MA that sells filipino food and I just had to get my butt down here to give it a try... and I'm so glad I did because it truly reminds me so much of home. 

Menu changes every day (depending on what is being served) and I was lucky that a lot of my favorites were being served the day I went here (adobo, bistek, sinigang just to name a few!). My friend and I ordered bistek and sinigang with pork BBQ and lumpia. So as all Filipinos knows, your parents' home-cooking will always be best but I was surprised at how good and authentic the food at JNJ was. & of course, you can't end your meal without having some good ole halo halo, which was the perfect ending to a truly satisfying and heart warming meal.  I loved my visit here and will 100% make the 2 hour trek again when I want a little taste of home. 

OH and don't forget, they have a filipino supermarket right next door so make sure to stop by so you can stock up on all your favorite filipino products! They have everything you can think of...filipino snacks, baked goods, spices, and food. I felt like I was transported right back to the Philippines. 

Salamat JNJ-- i'll see you soon!!!"
They have the best Pork Spring Rolls (sold raw & frozen). Once you cook a batch at home, no one else can beat their quality (the ends are tightly sealed), crispiness, taste, value for money ($35 for 100 pcs). They're a sure hit at parties! These are what the stars are for.
Best fried chicken, lumpia and orders for large parties. Catered my sons birthdays for the last few years. Totally recommended for authentic Filipino food!!
I've been coming here for awhile, and I really enjoy their ready to serve Filipino food. It's good quality and not greasy (like some other places I've been to) and they also have a good selection of sweet treats! I especially love their sapin sapin. Went here recently and discovered they also serve halo halo! It was so good, much better than the halo halo at O Taho down the street. A family runs this place - they're all super friendly and always happy to see you which is a bonus!
"Filipino store and eatery
In here you can find a lot of asian goodies specially filipino products.
Owned and manage by a family but i havent seen the kids there yet only the husband and wife
All dishes are cooked and you just have to select which one you like.
Theres also combo meaning a rice and 2 dishes of your choice.
I love their palsiw na lechon its a roasted pork and cooked with vinigar and spices
The fried papmpano and other kind of fish are good aswell
They do dine in and take out not sure if they do catering but i saw a lot picking free order dishes such as spring rolls and pinoy deserts
Service is very homey they have television playing pinoy favorites tele-serye(series) and other variety show.
Good place to eat and hang-out
And get your filipino products
Well done guys"
Staff, excellent. Food, supreme. Cocktails, delicious. Visiting from the Midwest and will absolutely be returning the next time we are in Portland. Two thumbs up.
"This place is a hidden gem. Great vibe, tucked into a classic Portland area and the food is shockingly good. The happy hour burger is one of the best in town and the adobo is amazing. Gourmet food & drinks with soul music playing? Hard to find! 

If you want Portland quality w/o the lines and pretense this is the spot.
*Also, excellent assortment of alcohol. Found my fave tequila: Fortaleza Reposado"
One of my favorite bars. Has a very chill atmosphere and the bartender always makes good drinks. It's never too crowded and people are friendly.
Great atmosphere, wonderful staff, delicious drinks,  great food, and right in the heart of downtown! I've come here every time I'm in the area! Plus it's so cool they kept the old Berbati's sign and put it on the wall inside.
Great atmosphere and great bartenders. We were there on a Friday night and it wasn't too busy but they had a DJ and plenty of seating. Fast service and great drinks. It's in a very walkable area with lots of other bars and restaurants around if you are looking to bar hop.
"Went here for Portland Burger Week, stood in line for 25 minutes and received a less than mediocre burger. Not a great first experience, but going anywhere that is participating in burger week is typically a total CF.

However, I had a lovely juniper berry and gin and tonic! I would go back to try other drinks and food, just definitely not during burger week."
This was a nice non pretentious bar that my friend and I biked to as part of our self guided biking tour of Portland. I guess you cannot go wrong with any type of gin/soda combo anywhere, however this place did it right with making mine a bit stiffer than I am used to. I'd come back.
The reason I walked in is because the bar I used to work at was also named tryst. The reason I walked in the second time is because the bar is dope. AdeZoe, Tracie, and Megan are great. Kick it here and you'll be fine
"Great place- enjoyed a fabulous 5 dollar hamburger that qualifies as a great buy anywhere in Portland! 
Owner AdaZoe and staff very friendly and service oriented. She has Philippine roots and the food shows it. The egg rolls are example- hand rolled thinly rolled dough cooked to perfection! Drink selection unique and delicious..."
"Occupying the beloved Berbati's space, Tryst is starting off on the right foot with well made cocktails from old school/unpretentious/NICE Portland bartenders and way above average bar eats coming out of the kitchen. 

The space is a bit bare at the moment but still sexy with lots of reclaimed wood, a warm glow supplied by the old Berbatis neon sign and cozy cafe tables. 

Looking out the double doors to Ankeny Alley you'd almost think you were enjoying a late night cocktail in Barcelona or some other faraway place.

In short...it's like the big brother of the equally lovely Valentines and is definitely an oasis amongst the 20'somethings meat markets in the area...especially for us ""adult"" drinkers who enjoy good drinks, good service, good music and an all around chill vibe."
Amazing I'm the first review. This place has INSANE gin martinis, give them a try. The inside is really cool. I can imagine taking dates here easily. It's surreal and very sexy.
This place is seriously great. Great drinks. Great price. Great atmosphere. Skip the lines at other bars, and get a better drink, at a better price, in a better atmosphere. Bonus: no douchieness.
"Great, under-discovered bar in old town.
This is my go to spot if i want to go out downtown on the weekend."
This is more so for the restaurant next door. The food is definitely made with love and and the atomosphere is friendly and relaxing for a morning breakfast. The passion fruit, pineapple mimosa's are on point. Even something as simple scrambled eggs and bacon are light and won't leave you feeling heavy.  I look forward to eating here again when I comeback to visit Portland.
"AdaZoe is so welcoming and knows her ingredients. We had a fun discussion about some of the more unusual components.

We had a scrumptious burger last Wednesday (hump day!!) and definitely recommend it.

Drinks were delicious and atmosphere is great. Cool tunes, variety of seating options and NO television!!

See you soon ~"
Downtown happy hour with craft cocktails for verrrrrry cheap ($6-9) relative to comparable cocktails downtown. Also: nicest owner/bartender ever. Also: very delicious garlic fries and fried eggplant. Highly recommend.
We went on a Sunday night at about 11pm. There were a few people in the bar. It was nice we just wanted a drink before heading out to possibly dance the night away. My boyfriend got the five chocolate Porter... it was beer that resembled chocolate. It was tasty:) and definitely easy to drink for those non usual beer drinkers. I got a mixed drink with tequila and it was called something like Chaka. It was pretty good it had a nice kick to it. Our bartender took the time to make it. And she made sure it was worth the time. Will come back for drinks.
Amazing drinks from completely knowledgeable and unpretentious bartenders. And some of the best bar menus I've seen in the city! Their burger is amazing! I highly recommend this spot if you're ever hanging in the Alley.
omg this place is awesome... burger special every wednesday..., this burger was awesome... Friendly Bartenders
Had a wonderful time in the bar. A-Z was a fantastic bartender who knew her stuff and was also great at banter with us. She gave us a great hookup on some Portland insiders information too so basically all of our needs were met at Tryst when we went. Try her Bee's Knees.
I have to admit. I liked berbatis and the great deals they had on drinks. The five dollar whiskey and tallboy was my favorite. With that the food is such a step up here. The Katsu sandwich, fries, drinks were stunning. The bar tender was a great mixologist and extremely friendly. Overall i highly recommend giving this bar a try.
Great food with lots of vegetarian options. Fine dining for Portland. This place has a different flavor. Very refreshing I highly recommend it
Tryst is magnificent. The food is great, the service is amazing and the atmosphere is excellent. Always a go to whenever I'm in Ankeny Alley. Give this place a try. The Chicken Katsu will NOT disappoint. The fries are flipping great too. Enjoy!
Awesome oasis in Ankeny alley! Art deco bar, delicious everything.  I know that it's obnoxious to ask the bartender for drinks suggestions. But I felt welcome do that at Tryst. Everything from pre-prohibition drinks 2 gastronomic Cutting Edge cocktails! I'm addicted to the lumpia and katsu sandwich! My date was able to eat gluten-free vegan food that he really liked as well. Check it out!
"Beautiful place!!!

Menu, drinks, attitude like Durkins in Spokane, WA. Excellent drinks & music!!!  Co-owner, AdaZoe, is refreshing, and super friendly. Had a great time, felt like being home. Thanks for ONLY playing groovy music. Will definitely be coming back. Thanks AdaZoe for a great real experience."
Drinks were delicious and very fairly priced! The service was great. If your drink of choice is whiskey then you should definitely give the Papercraft a shot. The Mango Kalamansi Margarita was also delicious!
My boyfriend and I wandered into this place after having a couple drinks next door. The friendly (and very nicely dressed) doorman convinced us to give Tryst a shot! What a wonderful little hole in the wall! The atmosphere is gorgeous--dark and vintage. The employees are friendly and attentive. The drinks are great. We'll definitely be coming back again.
For my first time in Portland, AdaZoe definitely made us feel more than welcome at the bar top. Her drinks were pretty stuff and the vibes were super chill. She was very informative of the nightlife scene of Portland, and she also gave us a few tips on places to check out. Hopefully I can make another trip out to Portland soon, this was definitely a lot of fun!
The cocktails are amazing, the ladies at the bar know their job. You, guys, just change the music policy and the place will be a must have for all visitors.
"This is a great spot. It's a long wooden bar with some lounges and other seating options. The patrons were so friendly, funny and helpful in providing recommendations on other places to hit while we were in town. 

The BEST part however, the absolute BEST element to Tryst is the bartender, LAUREN!  First, she looks like GaGa, second, she's hilarious, and third, she makes a killer Manhattan!

We will be back Tryst and Lauren. Thanks for a great time!"
I'm not from Portland but if I were this would be my local go to bar. The drinks are perfection and the local laid back live music only adds to the atmosphere. The bartender was extremely knowledgeable and recommended a fantastic local rye whiskey for my old fashioned. Definitely check this place out.
"My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to have a drink outside. This ""street"" seemed like a great place for that. We liked the look of this place so we wandered in to ask if we could get a drink and take it outside. The bartender said unfortunately they didn't have their outdoor seating yet; they were getting it next week. She then suggested Oyster or District across the street. We steeped out to try Oyster but they were closing and after walking into the District we decided we'd rather support Tryst and sit inside. 

Tryst was pretty quiet and so we were helped immediately. I ordered their drink special, a coconut passion fruit margarita and my boyfriend ordered one of the beers they had on tap. We took our drinks and retreated to a table by the open door. 

The atmosphere of this pace is awesome, old timey, intamit and the music was fun and in keeping with the vibe of this place. The drink prices were also quite reasonable. I hope this place does well! I plan on returning here during future trips to Portland."
Friendly bartenders, next to voodoo donuts. Stop in for good service and great drinks/ food!
There aren't many bars downtown that feel local, but Tryst is a gem among the Ankeny blocks.  Surprisingly easy parking, a welcoming bartender, solid cocktails, a killer burger (seriously, you could write a poem about the szechuan pickles alone) at bargain prices, AND great people watching....what more could you ask for?  If you have an answer to that question I wish you much luck on your long journey!
Sometimes finding good late night food downtown that isn't fried can be tough, but thankfully Tryst always pulls through. Their Filipino food menu is amazing and I've tried things here I had never even heard of. Every try banana ketchup? It's amazing! The chicken adobo is a must try and the cheese lumpia makes a nice appetizer. This is a solid spot with photo booths and a good selection of beers on tap.
The food here was sooo good and so were their drinks but they were extremely understaffed and it helpful or friendly.
"A cool funky spot! We ended up here at night after the 4th of July Bluesfest closeby. So full disclosure, I did not try any of the food, just came for drinks. 

The bartender was quick and on top of it despite seeming to be the only bartender working. Made our drinks right away. Cocktails are very good here! The vibe is kind of dark at night so really feels more like a cocktail bar than a place that serves food but other reviews make it sound amazing, wish we would have snacked on something. 

The area has a few other bars around if you feel like hopping. Of course Voodoo is nearby too. We stuck here because it was the perfect balance of busy and quiet since we were catching up with friends and wanted to be able to hear. 

Nice service, good drinks."
Great little under the radar bar downtown. Fantastic location, great drink selection, and fantastic service from some wonderful people. One of my favorite PDX bars!
"This was a somewhat odd experience. We came in for Burger Week. We were met at the door by someone we assumed worked there, although we honestly weren't sure. The people ahead of us didn't have their IDs so he asked their birthdays and then let them in, even though it was before 7 pm and apparently minors are allowed in before that time, per Burger Week info. Anyways, we step up and hold out our IDs which he dismisses without looking at and then asks what year we were born. We reply. He then ask what state we're from. We reply. He then begins to ask us even more questions. I reply: why don't you just look at our IDs? He then starts laughing and tells us to come in, but to make sure we tell the bartender that he already ID'd us. 

So, to order you have to stand in line at the bar. This took 20 minutes. It was hot and standing around in a crowd for 20 minutes was not pleasant. The bartenders were both friendly though. I appreciated that. There were a lot of people in there and they were working hard. Actually, the guy IDing us and the bartenders were the only staff I saw all evening. I assume there's someone in the back cooking burgers, but maybe only one person, since they warned us it would be 40 minutes for our burger to come out. I really think they could use at least one other person for Burger Week. It was a little chaotic. 

I was asked for my ID at the bar again. When I mentioned I had already been ID'd at the bar, she was like 'oh, nevermind then'. But...there was nothing to prove that I had been ID'd at the door. No stamp. Nothing. I could have just made that up. So weird. 

Sure enough, the burger took almost exactly 40 minutes to arrive. They had an odd system where they handed you an unmarked piece of paper upon ordering and somehow this was connected to picking up your burger. In actuality, they just called your name and the paper wasn't needed at all. While waiting for the burger we sipped on a drink called the Brown Derby. It was only ok. Nothing special. Not worth $8.

The burger was good. Better than a lot of Burger Week burgers. Not the best. I probably won't come back here. The whole experience was stressful and odd."
Great food, friendly owner and bartender, exactly what I wanted on a Friday night from a bar that serves Filipino food with a slight non-traditional twist. Go for the adobo fried rice and the pork lumpia - you won't be disappointed.
"This burger was amazing!!! Had so much flavor and one of my favorites for burger week! I had never had a juicy Lucy before. Very impressed. Looked pretty close to presentation of what it was. Bun choice was solid as well. And we came close to closing but they still had burgers.

The decor is nothing crazy inside. Dark dive bar. 

She said a few minutes more a couple times but it ended up being over 20. Fine to wait but just would have been nice for her to say that. She was a sweetie though. My friend said she made a really good version of the drink she got."
"Popped in for a post dinner cocktail and had the loveliest time.

Service was friendly and helpful even though she was all alone and slammed. My cocktail was the right combo of boozy and tasty. The space is sexy AF and would be a perfect date spot! The menu looked delicious but I was on a liquid only diet this time."
"If you're looking for a great late night drinking spot - look no further!

Walking to Tryst is a journey onto itself. Crowds of tourists line the avenue patiently awaiting their very first Voodoo Doughnut(s), drunken sorority girls can be found dancing near one of several nearby food carts - most of which serve organically sourced tots-to-die-for (make sure to ask for extra ranch sauce ;)

Location aside, Tryst's interior decor/atmosphere is what really sets the bar apart from the stereotypical. At first I was extremely disappointed over the fact that there was absolutely no line to wait in before entering the bar; luckily for my friend and myself, the bouncer helped mediate the no-wait situation by taking over 5 mins to examine my FL I.D. While waiting in the no-line line, streams of glimmering light cascade off of the entryway disco ball - and who said disco was dead?!? 

Clearing our inspection, my friend veered off to the restroom, while I veered towards the bar. While waiting for my friend to reappear, I casually took in the atmosphere of Tryst: a group of girls stumbling/dancing their way around the bar, a group of guys whispering frantically between themselves...I was beginning to feel like Hunter Thompson in the scene where half the bar turns into a reptilian cesspool. 

""We have to leave!!"" my friend yelled in my ear. ""The open toilet in the restroom is overflowing, and the girl in the next stall over was yelling 'I'M SOOO DUH-RUUUUNK!!'"" 

Leaving Tryst we waded our way back through the tater tot lines, and the Voodoo tourists - eventually reaching salvation in the form of a Lyft. 

One hell of an adventure - 5 stars for Tryst!"
We went for Happy Hour and the prices were on point. The drinks are well made and generous. On the happy hour menu is a sake egg ($3.00). It was delicious! We also tried their sisig fries and at the $7 dollar price tag, it was a steal. The bartender's are always helpful and I like the vibe here. There is also a photo booth in the back and they usually have a little fire going.
The atmosphere was nice and our bartender was very friendly. I got the spicy margarita and she kindly offered to adjust it to my tastes if it wasn't to my liking. We also got some fried rice to snack on. We went on a Tuesday so it wasn't crowded at all, but there was still music playing and the place looked like it could be really fun on a Friday night.
Fun spot for happy hour. Been there twice now for it and it was great both times. Not busy at all granted it was earlier in the night. Surely it gets more intense as the night goes on. Would like to come by later in the night to check out the scene. Bartenders are quick.
I never written a review before, but I felt the need to for this great spot. My first time in here, and I must say what a great little hole in the wall that you may miss if not looking, surrounded by the pretentious XV & divey Shanghai. This is a great place with a HUGE room. My favorite part of this spot has got to be the funny & down to earth bartender chase! He takes the time to make sure you get what you want! Great cocktail by people that know what they are doing and, unlike a lot of bars in portland, CARE! Will definitaly return and recommend to friends! 5 stars all the way! Keep it up!!! :)
This was such a cute, great bar! I remember it as a fun place back in the day, as well; but I'm glad to see the new layout and menu. Full disclosure: I went to college with the owner and had heard that she bought the bar. But I stayed for the drinks and the food and the laid back vibe. We had great drinks (I had a rose water 'mocktail') for Happy Hour, and I got the Tryst burger and fries, which were magnificent. The burger was so tasty and perfectly done; the fries had a nice saltiness and something - paprika? - that made them extra tasty.  I loved lounging on the comfy chairs and eating and drinking the early eve away. I'll definitely come back and try more menu items
"Still one of my favorite spots to drink. Stunned to see a couple comments about poor customer service here. One of the things I love about Tryst is how friendly everyone is here. Even when it's busy, I've never been treated to anything less then exemplary service.

Plus! The winter drinks here are awesome. Hot buttered rum, hot apple pie, you name it -- they are all delicious and great for cold nights on the town!"
"This is an awesome spot to grab a bite for happy hour and to quench your thirst with a well poured drink.  My favorite is the fried eggplant.  

There's lots of room to find a table and it's very spacious inside so you'll never feel crowded.

The friendly bartenders keep me coming back too.

2017 - Review # 6"
"This burger was amazing!!! Had so much flavor and one of my favorites for burger week! I had never had a juicy Lucy before. Very impressed. Looked pretty close to presentation of what it was. Bun choice was solid as well. And we came close to closing but they still had burgers.

The decor is nothing crazy inside. Dark dive bar. 

She said a few minutes more a couple times but it ended up being over 20. Fine to wait but just would have been nice for her to say that. She was a sweetie though. My friend said she made a really good version of the drink she got."
"This review is only for their happy hour (4-7pm Thursday-Sunday; 5-7pm Tuesday-Wednesday) which consists of $1 off draft beer, wine, well drinks, and cocktails.

As usual I flipped through the menu of different drinks nothing really stood out to me. I ordered the cherry whiskey sour and the papercraft which were both just okay.

I also ordered their lumpia which was very crispy. I love the different variety of Asian inspired foods like katsu chicken sandwich, Asian chicken tenders, and furikake fries. I think the food outshines some of the drinks so if I were to come back I'd want to try some of these."
"Great food and service. The owner came up to us directly to greet us. We ordered several dishes and they were amazing. Like home cooked dishes, only better.
Lechon Kawali
Kare Kare
Garlic Rice
Atchara
Dinuguan
Bangus
Pancit palabok"
Came here visiting from Las Vegas and craving my pinoy fix. So we ordered the large crispy pata, which was flavorful and crispy! Kare Kare...AMAZING! Pancit had fresh veggies and decent size shrimp and chicken. The Pinkabet with Lechon was BOMB!!! Soo good! Definitely coming  back here on my next visit. Customer service excellent and the Chef visited our table and made sure we were doing fine.
Great service. Everyone was very friendly. Menu had a good selection, in which we might've ordered too much. Food: Flavorful and big servings. They also sell baked items and desserts. Didn't get to get their Halo Halo since we were so full. Also they serve Filipino beer: San Miguel and Red Horse.
My husband and I had lunch here today. What a treat it was. I am half Filipino so I was delighted to have authentic flavors that reminded me of Home. The Pinakbet and Sinigang was delicious as well as the longinisa. We will definitely be back. Great job!
The lumpiang were nicely crispy and flavorful, enhanced by the fish sauce on the side.  There's no meat inside, but I didn't miss it too much.  I was a little less impressed by the Crispy Kare-Kare.  There were a lot of big fried pork pieces (meat/fat/skin sandwiches!) mixed with what looked like eggplant strips, green beans, and leaves similar to spinach, but the peanut sauce wasn't very peanutty.  The saving grace was a thick, salty ?fish? sauce served on the side, which provided great flavor and salt to the dish.  Service was good, the owner/chef came by at the end to see how I enjoyed it, and was very kind.
"Great food and AMAZING SERVICE. My wife is from
Pampanga and so is the chef here as well. They are the best cooks! The chef came out and greeted our family and the food was just as we expected it to be. On point!!
Thank you for an awesome experience"
"A brand new restaurant, Pistang Pilipino serves up a wide variety of delicious Filipino food. Literally everything tastes absolutely amazing. My personal favorite being the kare kare, a stew cooked with peanut butter. They also have a nice selection of desserts (the halo halo is a must) as well as some traditional breakfast dishes. 

The venue itself is a little on the small side but our large party had no trouble getting seated on a Sunday evening. The interior is wonderfully decorated to celebrate Filipino culture with photographs of different traditional Filipino festivals hung on the walls. 

The only complaint was that the service was a little slow but given that the place is brand new I have no problem cutting them some slack. Especially since the food tastes sooo good! The owner and cook were also incredibly nice and took the time to go around and greet their customers. I look forward to having many meals here in the future."
This place was great. Friendly service, big portions and great tasting food. I had the chicken curry which was very good. My son had the fish balls and loved them.
First time visiting here and they have VERY unique favors that you will not find anywhere around Orlando. Coffee-lovers should def try the Dalgona. They have a variety of non-caffeinated drinks as well. I like that they had Asian snacks too.
"Went there at 7:30 pm on a cold monday night. The owner is friendly and patient. She did a big order for three of us. Pancit now comes with lemon wedges, which shows she is reading her Yelp comments. Good stuff. Fresh (nonfried) lumpia- very tasty. Chicken adobo, the same. A lot of subtle flavoring that keeps on rolling. The prices at $5-$7 an entree are big enough that I had leftovers- and I was hungry.
within walking distance of my house---could be dangerous! 
Has covered seating, but not heated."
I love supporting other Pacific Islanders and was so excited to try this place. I've been coming to this cart since the beginning of the year and it never disappoints. I've tried a bunch of different stuff, but am really into the poke. I am so impressed with the portions, quality and price. It's always fresh and delicious. I can't recommend it enough.
I've waited in line for 1+ hours three times in 2 weeks because the food is so good. The meat jun, ono chicken, kalbi and poke is amazing. I've tried a lot of places and nothing compares to Grind Wit Tryz. The food brings you back to Hawaii and the owners are so kind. Hoping that they'll expand the business and keep growing!
"This place is amazing and my fav spot to get Hawaiian food in Portland. 

We usually get the Ono chicken and the ahi tuna. Portions are enough for leftovers or to split. They're working out the kinks with the online ordering service and definitely be prepared to wait if you're ordering from here. The food is worth the wait!"
"Best Hawaiian. Don't be fooled by ""expensive"" prices, at least what you may think for boxed Hawaiian food. This is 3 meals in one EASY. Make sure to have an early dinner because this stuff sells out fast."
Everything on the menu is great, 10/10, large portions, incredibly tasty, full of flavor and popular for a reason. I've lined up at this place several times and even showed up on opening day. They're really good and deserve all the support.
if you're a fellow islander in pdx then you should definitely try these guys! their plate lunches are the closest thing to home can you can eat out here, you won't be disappointed
Woooooow this food is so so so BOMB! The portions and LARGE! I struggle to finish the plate!
"Ok question: Why are you guys not in Seattle?! They started as a food truck and have recently opened a restaurant! 

Went for a weekend a few weeks ago, we waited in line for 40+ minutes but trust me when I say that it is very, VERY much worth the wait. I suggest getting there a little before they open. 

**As a COVID precaution, each dining booth is blocked off with high plexi glass sheets**

Alright, to the best part of this review: THE FOOD! 
Surf & Turf - Juicy a** short ribs ever. And the garlic shrimp? Omg my fav out of everything. Comes with rice and mac salad. 
Ono Chicken - Chicken was unbelievably juicy and packed with flavor (how chicken SHOULD be). Comes with rice and mac salad. 
Poke Nachos - Guys, we're talking mounds of great quality tuna on top of perfectly fried wonton chips. Ya girl was definitely in her happy place. 

You will definitely be blown away on how crazy good it is. I kinda wished I went twice. Please be mindful of COVID of course! 
P.S. Grind Wit Tryz, please have a second location in Seattle!"
You know it's good when the line is always long! Hands down best local food in Portland and definitely cures the homesickness.
"Finally was able to try this place out.  Arrived about 10-15 mins before opening and there was already a sizable line waiting for opening.  All in, it took me about an hour before I walked about with my loot.  I timed it, the first guy in line walked away at 12:10 (wished I asked when he lined up).  Parking lot is only 5-6 cars big and there's a SMALL sign that says it's for delivery drivers only, max 15 mins - but almost no one saw the sign, probably because the line of people was covering it up. 
As everyone mentioned, the portion is HUGE.  Definitely enough for 2 people.  But being little piggies, we decided to try a few things. Ono chicken was ono indeed.  So were the kalbi ribs and poke.  Their ""nachos"" uses fried wonton skins which were lighter than normal tortilla chips and the corn bread is definitely towards the sweet side, almost cake-like.  There are a few things in the daily-changing menu that I wanted to try too, like the garlic shrimp that I have to try next time.
In all, definitely good, but I'm not sure if I want to wait for an hour outside especially with the weather getting colder.  Fortunately, I heard they're opening a new brick & mortar place soon.  Looking forward to visit it!"
HUGE PORTIONS!!! I cannot stress how much food you get from this place! You need to get the poke. Super fresh ahi and marinated perfectly. We also got the fried chicken, short ribs and kalua pork. Yum!! This place is perfect if you want leftovers for days to come. The food is yummy, and if you're craving Hawaiian food, you need to come here!
"Goddamn, this food cart is killing it! We got here 8 minutes after they opened at 12 and thought there was no line only to find out there was a line that went through the tent and curved around...the ONLY line in the pod of food carts. Probably helps that they're super on top of updating social media (IG and FB) with their changing specials for the day and when they sell out. Can't call in your orders at the moment since they just get slammed.

Onto the food. Honestly it looked and smelled amazing with HUGE portions, but it was just alright for the most part. I got ""Da Real Hawaiian Combo"" for $23 which had rice, mac salad, kalua pig and pork laulau in the styrofoam plate and the spicy ahi poke, chicken long rice, and poi in separate containers cause they just give THAT much food. The only thing I thought was really good was the chicken long rice, strong on the ginger flavor which I loved. Poke had good texture and size, but was really bland. Mac salad was also bland - tasted almost like plain macaroni pasta with a bit of mayo. Poi wasn't bad. Not sour which means it's fresh - I like to dip salty meats in it. I was most looking forward to the laulau - skimpy on the banana leaf which is my favorite part. The leaf was very salty and the massive amount of pork inside was just a tad dry. Kalua pig was fine flavor wise, but didn't come with any cabbage. Tried some of my friends teri beef which was very shredded but great on flavor and pretty tender.

The people who work here seem genuinely nice and the my friends told me that the food has improved a LOT from when they first opened, so hopefully they continue improving! As nit picky as I sound, it's definitely not the worst local food I've had, so I would give it another shot. Besides it's mostly a matter of seasoning which is a relatively easy fix at home with takeout."
I was super hype to try this cart! I got the garlic shrimp. I know it's traditional to keep the exoskeleton on apparently, but I wasn't a huge fan of that method. I feel like a lot of people would get there to try it and be somewhat caught off guard by that. I would've absolutely loved it if the shells were off and the flavor applied that way. I was super excited to try the Mac salad because I love Mac salad, and trying the variety of ones you can get at food stops in Portland. However, it was basically warm temp pasta with mayonnaise and carrots. It was just really, not good. I only ate the first bite. Their rice is very good and I love how they add the juices and butter to it. I also found it slightly random that they don't sell any drinks! Overall, I would say the food quantity is huge! And the prices are fair! I personally though, just don't know if it's worth the drive and the line. At the end of the day I would still pick Roxy's or Hawaiian Grill food truck by PSU if I were going to be spending money! It was good and the people were friendly, but I wasn't blown away!
This place is RIDICULOUS. I am always on the hunt for good spicy poké, and when a friend from Hawaii recommended this place I absolutely had to try it. I've been driving all the way to Forest Grove for the poké at Kama'aina (which is also amazing), but it's so nice to have a closer place with incredible foods! I also love that they offer nachos, the wonton chips add the perfect crunch and this is an option I've found at very few places and the portion is usually really small anywhere else. The portions here are outrageous in the best way possible!  Their menu changes daily, but as soon as I see those nachos I know where I'm heading. It is in a food cart pod, but the seating is covered so don't let the rain scare you away. It's a must try!
"Broke da mouth ONO. 

Soo sooo good

Try everything. Everything has been ONO. Mauna Kea dessert is delishhhhhhhh."
Amazing Hawaiian food and no joke really great value. Huge portions. More offerings than the typical Hawaiian fare you see around. A ton of rotating specials and combos. Ono chicken is bomb, poke is bomb, katsu is bomb. One if my favorite things from them ever was some ridiculous cornbread cake dessert that was so good. So sweet it gave me like 3 cavities but omg worth it.
Honestly, I do not know where to begin. This little food truck came highly recommended, and though I am trying to stay away from meat, I decided to make an exception. Boy am I thankful for that choice. I have been twice and tried the poke both times. The helping is HUGE, and anywhere else, that size serving of fish would easily cost over 20 bucks, but here it is around $12-13. The cuts of fish are also large chunks that are super fresh and flavorful. The whole thing is served over a bed of rice, and it lasts me a lunch and dinner. Just amazing.
"Stopped here being that I love poke and wanted to try as I had been seeing it on my IG feed. I lived in Honolulu for a while hence loving pokè! 

I got the Spicy Ahi Poke for my boyfriend since I hate mayo. Was super bummed once I got there and it was the Poke with mayo. That left me to try something else. The Ono Chicken. 

Spicy Poke- Was yummy (even with the mayo) Could be more spicy however. Portions to die for. You can def share

Ono Chicken- This was fried perfectly and light and crispy with a garlic flavor and a light sweet sauce drizzle. This was super yummy! 

As for the rice, this was the only thing I didn't care for much it was as if it was over cooked. I'm a bit of a rice snob LOL. Also it would awesome to have food descriptions on the menu. 

I'll def be back to try the Pele Poke!(no mayo). The family is sweet and love seeing the whole family in a business. Ohana!"
"When first arriving at this food truck area, I didn't know what to expect.  I just saw a tiny parking lot, with a tons of people waiting in line in every direction.  A sign that its gotta be good here!  But it wasn't discouraging as the ""Search of the Portland Grindz"" continues.  This is only the third Hawaiian place I've tried, since moving into town.  And ""thank you"" fellow yelper Ming X. for reviewing this place;  I nearly bit into my phone after seeing your Hawaiian Nachos pic lol!  Here are a few things to keep in mind, as well as what I ordered for me, myself, and I:

[ Parking ]
I wasn't even sure where to park;  Later finding out that folks park along the surrounding streets.  But since I still have California plates on my truck, I only felt obligated and honored to park in the only open handicapped spot lol.  I'm just kidding I didn't park there  ....or did I?  ;)  LOLZ!  Anyways, (while driving) I recommend slowly creeping up to check if parking is even available.  It seems like this is also the vendor's entrance/exit as well.  Not a good flow if we're in support of local businesses.  

[[ Grindz Galore ]]
Again, being clueless, I wasn't sure what to order.  I wanted some Kalua Pig but they ran out right as I got there, so I binge ordered these instead:   
~ Ono Chicken ($10), and Oh YES, not Oh NO!  What a HUGE serving of crispy chicken!  The carton couldn't even close because they put so much.  The chicken itself was good too, but a bit over fried for my texture. 
~ Pastele Stew ($10), now this was F L A V A F U L!  Similar to a Filipino dish called, beef caldareta.  I really enjoyed the smell and taste of this one.  I even added slices of chicken apple sausage that I bought from the market to bring it up a juicy notch. 
~ Meat Jun ($12), oh mmm breakfast!  Well, it felt like a breakfast item, but EVEN THIS was stacked with meat in a box!  It's basically beef strips dipped in an egg wash, and cooked.  I thought the chili soy dipping sauce added a nice kick to it too!  

[[[ Sides w/ each container]]]
~ Mac Salad, eh heavy on the mayo.  It did lack flavor.  I sorta wish it had small pieces of pineapple or something.   
~ Scoops of rice, they did use a lot of rice to absorb some of the oily items.  I actually had to toss some of that congealed rice out.  Can't afford to clog up anymore of my arteries.  But like I said, they give a lot!

As I waited for my order, I decided to order something from Ja'das Soulful Eatz nearby.  When my name was announced, the guy in the back offered me a bag.  And I'm glad he did, as all three of the items had food nearly falling out.  There was a customer after me that wanted to order, but they said they ran out of food.  THANKS TO ME!  I brought the house down baby!  Haha!  Now, I really wanted to give this place five stars, but I wasn't 100% satisfied with everything.  Maybe because I really wanted to try that Kalua Pig.  But I'll be back, and it'll be early.  As I really wanna give them that fifth star!"
"I come here religiously twice a week. Their entire menu is delicious, portions are generous, and they're always so friendly and quick! 10/10 forever and ever 

Favorites include: 
-Spicy Ahi Poke
-Kamakazi shrimp
-Ahi Katsu
-Poke Nachos
-Ono Chicken"
"I got to try Kalbi (right), Meat Jun (left), and ono chicken (not in pic). 

I waited 2hrs today, don't make the same mistake as I did. Go on weekdays. Beside that, overall all the dishes are on the sweeter side especially the chicken. If you don't like sweet flavors in chicken this is not for you. I did not like how sweet it is. 

My top pick would be the Meat Jun, IT IS SOOOOOOOOO GOOD!!! Just skip the kalbi and chicken go for the Meat Jun you will not regret it. If you go on weekday definitely get the Surf n Turf (half poke/half kalbi) I wanted to get that but they don't ever have it on their menu on weekends. 

Also, check out there IG for the menu beforehand since they make everything fresh and on the spot."
"Saw this ""hot and new"" business on yelp and had to swing by for lunch. Small booth, tucked into the corner of a food cart pod ... great prices, service, and food. 

I tried the pork adobo fried rice which was made perfectly! There were large chunks of pork mixed in with rice and wrapped in a thin layer of scrambled egg. I usually spend time picking onions out of my fried rice but there were none! I loved it! 

The portions are huge for what you pay ... it was $8.50 plus tip. Menu is small and looks like it rotates often ... looking forward to what they have to offer next time I'm in the area."
Came here today with my husband for the first time after hearing great things about it. We got the Ono chicken and the Kalua pig/ Laulau plate. Portions were huge and everything we got was bomb AF. Customer service was friendly and prices were very reasonable. Highly recommend this Food truck. We will definitely be back to try some more of their menu.
OPEN DURING COVID. got the kalua pork and it was absolutely fantastic. huge meal so i'd recommend splitting between 2 people. came with three scoops of rice and one scoop of mac salad. quick service and nice people! great outdoor seating spot right near the food truck
This food truck is the BEST, even compared to food in Hawaii!  I'm from out of state and was lucky enough to eat here twice.  Everything was PERFECT!  I can't wait to go back.  Wish I could have taken this all home with me...
"I bookmarked this food cart when I saw that they offered garlic shrimp and when I finally decided to check out this place they just opened their brick and mortar shop on Alberta. Congratulations to them!!

During Covid they are offering take out via cash, venmo, and card with their garage style wall opened up with glass between the staff and customers. They also have an ordering system but it was shut off during the time we tried to order. 

This time around we ended up trying the surf & turf (with galbi and spicy poke) and order of garlic shrimp. Sad that they were out of ono chicken this time around but definitely need to come back to try it next time. After ordering the order was ready within 15 minutes. 

Let me tell you when I grabbed the bag it was HEAVY (always a good sign). When we finally got home we were right that they stacked each entree with around 3 scoops of rice, scoop of macaroni salad, and huge scoop of each protein in the entree. For $13-$16 an entree the portions definitely justify the price in my opinion.   Portions are easy to share between two people and you can even save half and make it two meals for yourself! 

As for the food. They have the huge portions of protein on top of a bed of rice and a scoop of white rice on the side. The rice is cooked perfectly to my taste buds and rice amount of sticky. The mac salad was good because it wasn't too creamy with the mayo. 

Poke was piled high with just the right amount of spicy/mayo sauce. The fish tasted fresh and had nice portions. The galbi was also tasty and had a nice sweetness. My partner mentioned he would have preferred the pieces a little more slightly thicker. As for what brought us to the place the garlic shrimp.. The garlic shrimp had a great crunch with plenty of garlic. Super crisp so you can eat it with the shells on it unless you prefer to take the shell off. We had to drive home so while it held up well I think it would be even better right when the order pops out. 

Overall, entrees were tasty and portions were insane. Prices affordable and easy to share. Would love to come back to try some of their chicken and nachos but definitely come out to support their new location!"
My FAVORITE truck in Portland. Their portions are mad big for such a good price too. Their lines get crazy like 12-2pm and people start lining up at 11 so I always go after 3 and I typically never have to wait and if I do it's only a few people in line. Just stay updated on their Instagram bc they tend to sell out. Definitely the best  hawaiian out here!
"We took the advice of another reviewer (if you could even call it advice) and tried to see if Iolani could live up to the standards of Grind Wit Tryz. Its no surprise that they didn't even come anywhere close. These guys (Tryz and Candace) have the BOMBEST Hawaiian plates here in Portland hands down!!!! 

They aren't just bomb because of portions, they're bomb strictly based on TASTE alone."
The food was sooo good! The ono chicken keeps me coming back for more! The portions are also very big for the price they charge!
"It's like everyone says.  It's not over hyped.  Just go there.   Stand in line.  Eat until you are in food heaven.  

You can get a beer at the Korean place in the building next to the pod and bring it out to the tables.  No cart food in the Korean place.  Pretty good tap list.  

There's honestly not a lot to say about Grind.  Picture the best Hawaiian food you've ever had, make it better and double the portion size."
"Being away from home is always hard. Grindwittryz has always brought that ""home cooking"" feeling in his food and is a temporary cure for homesickness. Their hospitality is genuine and you can just feel the Aloha and care in their food. Every day the food gets better and my friends and I may have a slight obsession! The portion sizes are seriously too good to be true  
Try anything on the menu and you will not be disappointed!
Definitely recommend if you're craving some ono local hawaiian food"
"Easily in my top favorite places in Portland and the best hawaiian food I've had outside of the islands. The portions are huge and the prices are fair. Most importantly, everything is amazing. The filipino food has also been awesome.

If you haven't tried this place, you're hella missing out. Id be here way more often if the line wasn't so crazy. My suggestion is to just go about 45 mins before opening and you should be one of the first in line.

Looking forward to checking out the new spot as well."
Hands down best Hawaiian food in Portland. Generous portions, for amazing prices. Honestly so impressed they can pump out quality food to so many people out of that food cart. There is a method to the madness. Hint. Show up earrrlllyyy! It's worth the wait. Start with ono chicken and make your way down the menu, you won't be disappointed with anything.
"Brave the stormy weather and finally got to try it today.  I got there little after 11am and there were only 2 people in line.  Thought it opens at 11:30 but ended up waiting until little before noon.  

I got the ono chicken and lechon kawali... the portions were so large that to go containers wont shut close! A tip is to bring a reusable bag if you plan to take food to go. It smelled so good and I ended up dinning at the outdoor seating that is covered on top.  

Ono chicken - crispy, super yummy garlic sauce that is slightly sweet.  No wonder this is their #1 seller! 

Lechon kawali - I was expecting pork belly meat with skin but mainly lean pork that was cooked crispy.  A little salty but good with sliced tomatoes & onions.  

Both dishes were delicious and thought I ate a lot but I barely ate enough to shut the to go containers.  When I brought the leftovers home, people thought I didnt eat because there was so much leftovers... 

Definitely plan to go back and try other items on their menu, which changes daily."
If you haven't been to this food truck before, you MUST give them a try! Not only is the food delicious, the portions are ENORMOUS!!! One order could feed at least 2 people! I ordered the ono chicken and kalbi ribs since I wanted to try those the most. Both were flavorful and still delicious after heating it up a second time! I will have to go back to try all of the other items on the menu!
Food is delicious and portion sizes are huge!! Ordered the Ohana Dinner, which says it feeds 4-5 people but it really fed about 8 people. It came with ono chicken, teriyaki beef, chicken katsu, and Portuguese sausage all on top of seasoned rice. I was pleasantly surprised that the ono chicken and chicken katsu were both crispy by the time we brought it home. The order also came with a side of Mac salad and butter mochi. The only negative was that the butter mochi was burnt on the bottom, but other than that, everything was really good!
So glad they are back open, totally worth waiting in their comeback opening line. One of the best Hawaiian places in Oregon. All delicious: ono chicken, spicy poke, ginger poke, Kalua pork and pork adobo, plus Mac salad is always good with egg & mayo! We were so greedy, we forgot about pics!
Great portions! I was in the area and heard a lot about this cart and wanted to try it. I got the Ahi Poke and the Ahi Katsu. I only was able to try the Ahi Katsu though. The portions were really big and I only able to eat part of it and save the rest for another meal/snack. The cart is located in a small pod amongst other carts but it's pretty hard to miss once you enter the little area. Reluctantly, there was no line, as I've heard there are lines here all the time. The menu notes that the menu is a rotating menu and the hours were 12PM-6PM. The food was prepared pretty quickly and seemed very fresh. From others I heard the Ahi Poke was fresh and a good value for the size. I would definitely stop by again if I were to be in the area.
We have been trying to visit this cart for months but the line is around the corner always. Yesterday we hit the jackpot and there was no line!! We told the lady working that and she was so sweet and said she was so glad we're finally getting to try it. We got the poke nachos and WOW - AMAZING!! Enough for 4 people! We had leftovers that we munched on and even tasted great leftover!!!
My sister and I went on a mellow Thursday afternoon around 3:30pm. We waited about 35 minutes all together (including time for our food to be made). This was hands down the best Hawaiian food in all of Portland. I could see how hard the two in the truck we're working, how sweet they were with customers even when they sold out. Definitely worth any amount of wait time. If you're going to go, knowing how many people love them, and complain about the wait time: do everyone a favor and stay home. Putting down an amazing small business for their popularity is childish. Keep up the great work here, we're so thankful for all you do.
"I had been here once prior to Covid back when they had the food cart and it was amazing! I've been meaning to go back again but had heard the line was always really long. Then they started doing online orders and I knew this was 2020's personal favor to me so that I could finally get my poke nacho fix! 

Let me start by saying that their nachos aren't just incredible but they package the poke separately so the chips won't get soggy (genius) and it is legit like a pound of poke. This can easily feed 2 as a meal or 4 as a side. 

I also got the kalbi which comes with a side of rice and mac salad. Also super good and again, enormous portions. 

You really get your money's worth here both in quality and quantity. Definitely check them out and be aware that they are working through adjusting to their new online ordering system and you may experience technical difficulties. Follow them on IG--they're really good at keeping everyone updated on system issues."
If you go in with the expectation to wait in a long line.. (I waited around 40 mins at 12:30 on a Tuesday) you won't be disappointed. Food and service was amazing, and was totally worth the wait!
"Portions were generous, taste was on par with what I've had in Hawaii and I'm so happy that there's good Hawaiian food in portland. I had two meals out of what I ordered. 

I got the surf and turf, which had galbi and poke today. the poke was much more flavorful than a lot of other poke I've had in portland (again more similar to what I've had in Hawaii yummmm). Galbi was cooked and marinated well (I'm Korean, trust me I've had a lot of galbi). 

They had a long line, but it went by pretty quickly. I mean, plus, the long line also suggests that multiple people deem it worth waiting for. 

Apparently they change their menu daily, so it's good practice to follow their Instagram to see what they'll have that day! They also post if they sell out (which appears to happen quite frequently). Will happily come again."
2 months ago I started watching my food intake, eating smaller portions per doctor's orders, and intermittent fasting. 2 months ago I also happened to discover Grind Wit Tryz! (I know!) Believe me, Saturdays are my cheat meal days and I've probably spent at least half of the last 8 Saturdays at this truck. Food is so good and portions are gigantic - I'm talking softball sized scoops of food. In these trying times, you can feed a family of 5 easily on a couple dishes. My kids are the world's pickiest eaters but they will devour some Ono Chicken! We had family visit recently from out of town and ensured we got food from here. I haven't had a meal from here that I didn't like. Garlic shrimp, Ono chicken, Meat Jun, Poke Nachos, Umami Cold Ginger Poke, Spicy Poke - all so good! For those looking for their Filipino food fix, you'll see cameos from Lechon Kawali, Crispy Pata, and Dinuguan, among others. Their menu rotates daily so check their socials for that day's menu. Their food is always fresh because it seems they do their shopping day of, so if an item falls off the menu that day due to lack of ingredients available, don't fret, it'll probably show up another day! Patience is a virtue, and well worth the wait for this food. Happy Eating!
Visited their new restaurant location on Alberta. Wait time was so much less, they definitely adapted to the new environment so quickly! The restaurant itself is small but so nice, and you can tell how hard everyone is working to make delicious food for reasonable prices. 10/10. I got the spicy ahi poke and it was to die for. The ono chicken I stole from my sister was just as amazing as it was the first time I had it. Stellar
"Was craving poke so gave this place a try. Didn't know it had such hype. There were probably 30 people in front of me when I got there (Saturday 2pm) and I waited for over an hour to order. 

Got the garlic shrimp ($12) and spicy ahi tuna poke. Garlic shrimp had good flavors and was perfectly cooked texture wise. It was a little too salty for my taste. Spicy ahi ($11) was marinated nicely - a little salty as well. Some ahi pieces were very fresh while some were stringy and hard to eat. Very generous portion!

Overall it's a solid food cart but not worth the wait in my opinion. Might go back and try their ono chicken on a weekday."
"Listen, if you love local Hawaii food this place will not disappoint. We got the Lechon Kawali and the Ono Chicken plate lunches. Lets start with Mac, the Mac salad was good and taste just like plate lunches back in Hawaii. There was a good amount of rice to compliment the huge portions that they give! Food rarely gets a second chance with me, but I couldn't finish it in one crack. They even layered the bottom with rice instead of cabbage or lettuce,but not one scoop of rice went unused. The lechon was perfectly crunchy and the tomatoes and onion were fresh. The Ono chicken glaze complimented so well with the fried chicken. This place has to be your next cheat day meal, it is definitely worth the extra 10 (or 20) min on the treadmill. 
The service was quick and friendly and you can't go wrong with the price. 

Also, Don't forget to breathe when you whack your plate."
This place is fire . Meat was amazing, Mac salad was killer, staff was very nice. Will def be back for more!
"This place is amazing! I was initially deterred by the long lines. They opened up online ordering, and it couldn't be easier to get food. The best way to see if online ordering is open is to follow them on Instagram.

The food is phenomenal and the portions are huge! We ordered the Ono Chicken and Poke Nachos. It  was enough food for my husband and I to eat for dinner and lunch the next day. 

The owners are awesome and you can tell they are hustling! It's great to see a business thrive right now. The women who handed me my food was getting all the orders together with the cutest baby strapped to her! You are a rockstar! Welcome to the neighborhood, and I look forward to eating with you for years to come."
It's really good.  I thought it was more delicious than what I had in Manila and in the provinces.  Clean, distinctive flavors.  Good value.
"Yesterday was my first time to attend to this restaurant.  I went with 3 other friends and a grandson of one of the ladies.  Anyway, we came from Richmond and it seems like a very long drive to this place.  However, after taking a taste of their food, it was worth the trip.  I am a picky person, and almost always go for quality of food and not quantity.  I ordered their 2 item combo:  crispy pork sisig, dinuguan and comes with steamed rice.  Their COMIDA was full of various delicious looking food.  I opted for items that I can't cook myself.  I was so impressed I took out another combo order plus their BOPIS.  I think their price is reasonable ..$10.00 for the 2 item combo and $5 for an additional side dish.  The only problem is that it's a small place and I think it's meant for TAKE OUT service as there are just 2 - 3 tables.  We also had their halo-halo and was good for $5 which included a little piece of leche flan and a scoop of ice cream.

The only thing I didn't enjoy was the crispy chicken skin.  I bought 2 boxes not knowing when I can come back to this resto and unfortunately, I didn't like the bitter taste to them.  Mind you, I don't think they themselves prepared these.  But over all, I did enjoy the food and my friends ordered their palabok which they claimed tasted the same like the Malabon Palabok and beef soup.

To top it all, the service was pretty good.  No complaints there.  I thanked my friends for bringing me along till next time again.  The place was quite busy, I couldn't take pictures of the food."
A busy Filipino fastfood restaurants  in Joyce St., Vancouver.  Very delicious and authentic food selections, from adobo to caldereta.  I live in Richmond and I always make it a point to go to this restaurant whenever I am around this area.  Always buy a combo(2items with rice) for $10.  Since i live far fr this restaurant i always buy 3 combos, meaning  6 items with ric,  that will be my food for 2 to 3 days. Some of my favourites here are Minudo, caldereta, kare kare, binagoungan and pansit palabok.  Servings are very generous.
If you're looking for a fancy fixed menu experience (and are an omnivore), do yourself a favor and check Tanam out. I first was interested in them because I had heard about it being a cooperatively owned restaurant (which is rare). My wife and I decided to go there to check it out, and we had an incredible experience. It's an intimate space, but the vibe is perfect for the size. The fixed menu meal we had was absolutely spectacular--creative, beautifully presented, incredibly flavorful and distinctive Filipino-American cuisine. This is a great place for date night!!!!
"Walk in, order and pay. Your food and drinks will be brought to you sitting either in the courtyard or inside at the raised table if you so choose.

Rum based cocktails are available, served swirling around a hunk of ice, available neat or in deftly mixed form. All are cold and thick, lubricating the salivary glands for what is to come next.

The menu is concise and centered around small bites -- siopao (small ""stuffed"" sandwiches), rice based dishes and wings.

The siopao are similar to steamed bun or bao found in a variety of other Asian cuisines but in these Filipino  inspired ones enjoy things like crisp roasted pork belly nestled in a thick, sweet, salty asado sauce. Or try the chicken thigh shredded in soy marinade with aioli and cabbage.

The sisig ($11) is a hefty portion of all things pig. Think whole hog bbq, Filipino style, using all the good parts of the animal. Pork chopped together with ginger, birds eye peppers (heat, subtle but intense) and garlic. Served atop a mound of steamed rice. An incredibly nuanced dish, so simple yet rich and incredibly delicious.

Friendly service, much more grand experiences are available by tickets on other evenings, I enjoy the laid back, informality of the limited menu nights."
"Aloha !
I'm here in Boston for a little over a month for work and I ran into this business who went above and beyond to get my order to me . Such a great owner I'm amazed how nice they are. Please support them in this crazy time they sure deserve it. Thank you from the bottom of my heart ."
"I'm a Filipino from the Bay Area (California) and when I moved to Boston I was looking for Filipino food.  I find it very sad that this is the only Filipino restaurant in Massachusetts because Filipino food has such a great taste.   In addition, I live pretty far from this restaurant, which delayed me from trying this place for such a long time.  

My family just flew in and I knew we had to try Filipino food in Boston.  The restaurant is small, simple and clean.  The staff is friendly and I like how customers can watch TFC while eating.  The food is AMAZING.  It made me feel like I was home again.  The only thing I would criticize are the small portions and their prices.  In that regard, it is a little higher then what I am used to.  But the taste of their sinigang, lumpia, pancit, sisig and the halo-halo was great.

I also like the fact that they have a Philippine grocery right next door.  I know where to get my Filipino fix while I am living in Boston :)  For all others who have never tried Filipino food, it is a nice place to check out if it is your first time."
"I can't even put this place in words! The food may not be always ""insta worthy"" but it makes my stomach happy and that's all that matters. The Pork Adobo is sizzling hot and is my favorite dish here. I can't pronounce most of the names but this is the type of place to come and be open minded and adventurous! Everything I had was delicious so I would recommend trying anything and everything you can! The BBQ pork skewers were amazing and who would've thought Vinegar is the perfect sauce! I would come here again and again and the staff is small but do not lack in professionalism and catering skills. I felt like I was in the house of a loved one, very laid back and all smiles. Thank you for everything!"
Really quaint, homey vibe inside this restaurant! Service is exceptional, and the food is pretty delicious. Can't go wrong with lumpia. The pancit was slightly drier than I had expected it to be. The lechon kawali went very well with the pancit and the white rice we got.
"As others have mentioned, if you're looking for a Filipino restaurant in Boston, this is your only bet. Luckily, it also turns out to be pretty good.

The restaurant is super informal. The menu is just written on the wall with no additional details. There's some trays of liquid stuff that's only vaguely labeled. But (I found this out after I went here) you can look up their menu on Google for a more detailed explanation of the items.

I had the sisig and the pork adobo. The sisig was small pieces of grilled pork ears, liver, and other pork meat topped. It was extremely flavorful! The adobo was larger pork chunks in a sweet and salty sauce. Both dishes were excellent!

Eating here feels very authentic. Honestly, it felt more like eating in a home than a restaurant!"
We went for the first time this weekend, on the  recommendation of a Filipino coworker. Everything shown (3 small orders, a small rice, a plate of fried meat, the rolls and the dessert) cost a bit over $50, but it absolutely will feed the two of us for at least one and maybe even two more meals, so a decent value. We thought everything was tasty (lots of the items had a vinegar base, either as the marinade or in the broth FYI). The beef dish was a bit tough (maybe overcooked?) but the flavor was good. The soup broth had a very sour base, which might not be for everyone. Really liked the fried pork for the crispy skin, but for the price will likely stick with our Chinese BBQ places in future. Definitely worth a try, and we will be going back to try different items!
"So sooooo happy to find the ONLY Filipino restaurant in the greater Boston area (to my knowledge). One thing to note is that this place is only open on weekends *sad face*.

I've been here twice and loved it each time. The first time I came here was with my boyfriend and this was his introduction to Filipino food. I ordered us Pancit Canton (kind of like Filipino rendition of chow mein), Chicken Adobo (a chicken dish that's marinated in soy sauce and vinegar), Lumpia (fried egg rolls), Sinigang (a sour soup with pork and vegetables), and a side of rice. He loved everything and it was so nice to finally have Filipino food, since it isn't as accessible as it is back home in California.

Came here a second time with my Filipina friend and ordered basically the same thing and she got Diniguan (pork blood stew). It was great a second time around and I wish I could come here more often!"
I ordered the pork bbq skewer and small fried milk fish. The skewers could use a but more fatty meat because some was dry but overal, everything was pretty good and reasonably price. What i really like about  this place is that they have very friendly staff and accept debit and credit cards ! The place itself isn't the most beautiful but it is very clean compared to a lot of filipino/asian restaurants. Im happy it's situated around my neighborhood so ill be going here often.
"first and very important thing with my review
servers are wearing a caul a hairnet while serving and working on the foods and orders....very neat and not to be seen in other places....2 thumbs up.
This is a Fiiipino  restaurant or we called it cafeteria in our nativeland.
foods were already cooked and displayed patrons will just point on their selections. Point in our language is ""TURO"" so sometimes they called other cafeterias as ""turo-turo'
it is small place maybe 25 heads capacity.All crew were bilingual Filipinos very homey and friendly service, affordable food and food combos their ice catching or Hlalo-Halo is a bit pricey, well not my cup of tea anyways.
we tried the kare-kare,bbq,pansit palabok and veggie lumpia ,the kare kare is so good and the palabok  is so delish I loved it the lumpia is ver commercial nothing special on it.
street parking infront and at the rear,very accessible place by bus or by train very near joyce skytrain.
I highly recommend the place to all specially to those who loves pinoy cuisine.this is the right place for you.
I am coming back soon and cant wait to try other dishes there.
Small and neat place,noise level is morethan average....well we are pinoys and most of us talk loud and like we are always fighting.
theres TV and always playing tagalog novelas or show.
I am proud that a Filipino Gig in Vancouver serves delish pinoy cuisine.
keep up the good work.
I love foods in here"
Love the food, affordable prices and nice people managing your order. All food is served warm. I would recommend this place to diners that love Filipino food!
"Plato Filipino is a relatively new restaurant in the area. I came here to pick-up some food after work since it looked pretty busy every time I pass by this place walking home. The store itself isn't fancy but there are a few tables and a water cooler in case you get thirsty and don't want to buy a pop or other beverage. I was able to grab a seat easily in the small but well equipped store.

They currently have a great 8.95+ tax combo which comes with two dishes and white rice. I wasn't sure what to order but a nice customer beside me recommended that I try some of the peanut sauce meat and this other roasted pork with veggie dish that were delicious. Everyone was of course speaking Tagalog at first but they quickly switched to English so I was ready to order. The lady working there even offered for me to try a sample so that way I would be sure that I liked the dished that I was going to pick - so nice! 

For the overall price, I thought the quality of the food was really good. The portion of white rice could have been a little larger and that would've perfectly matched the portion of the two side dishes. But I will definitely be back to try more authentic Filipino from this nice little restaurant."
"I don't usually eat Filipino food outside of parties or at my parents house but I was craving some yesterday and decided to go there for dinner. 
When you first head to the restaurant you are welcomed with tons of table space and dishes that you can tell where made with expertise and passion. 

They always advertise a combo with rice where you can choose 2 dishes and pay less than $10!

I got exactly that and ordered pancit (Filipino noodles with vegetables and meat) and Menudo (hot dogs, different kinds of meat and vegetables with a very tasty sauce). My wife ordered pork sinigan ( pork and green vegetables dipped in a sour soup) and pork sisig (sizzling pork meat)
One thing I should mention is that after I ordered, the server put the food to the microwave,letting me know that perhaps the food has been there since the morning or their food stand doesn't have a heater. I was discouraged to see that but I was hungry so I let that go. 

I suggest trying their Filipino spaghetti as it does taste as good if not better than Jolibee (famous Filipino restaurant). The rest of the dish was pretty average and it didn't have that fresh from cooking feel when you ate it.

Their pork sisig seemed to be a little on the cold side, and the menudo was too sour for me. However, I gave it a 3/5 for their server and the spaghettis performance"
Never had Filipino food before so decided to check it out. It's a fast service style restaurant but the owner was super friendly and welcoming and explained everything to me. Highly recommend the chicken barbecue sticks and the crispy chicken lugaw.
It was good! Nothing crazy. Arizclado was good. Lechon was good. Bbq was good. Eggroll was just okay. Rice was decent. Eggs made right. Price is decent. Only thing really is portion is small for platter meal. Will come back in the future if ever in the area again to try other dishes
"I went here today for lunch with my friend and sister. The food was good. I have never eatten Filipino food before but really enjoyed my meal. We all shared what was ordered. We had sweet and sour tilapia , roasted pork ( so yummy ! Skin was super crispy!) , peanut sauce pork stew , beef brisket with carrots , grilled pork, spring roll ( friend did not like it at all !) and pork skewers.  The lady behind counter gave us a sour soup to try.  It was different. But not in a bad way.  

This eatery is canteen style . You walk up and pick what you want. ( Lots of choices) and then pay.  They do have a combo special, 2 items and a rice for $8.95.  

I like how nice the servers are . There was a nice young lady who explained some of the dishes and even asked if we'd like to try some of the sauces to go with the dishes we selected . The shrimp paste is tasty!! I can eat that with plain rice!

We didn't finish all our dishes as our eyes were bigger than our stomachs ! I took the leftovers home. We would definitely come back.  Next time I'll leave room to try the leche flan and deep fried bananas and jackfruit!"
"I don't come for Filipino food often. Well, I think this is the second time having Filipino food. I highly recommend this place. Reasonable price and very good food. So they have the food cooked already and you come and you see and then choose. For a combo its $8.95 before tax. Really good deal. 

I got the BBQ pork belly and also pork stew with rice which is the combo special. 

Yelper C got the Fish with rice. The fish was boneless and has veggies inside. I had a small piece and it was good. 

The restaurant is very busy and also people there are super friendly. 

I highly recommend this place."
SO GOOD!!! from the Seattle area and I wish that we had more restaurants like this that make you feel like youre at home. came here on a saturday morning and they were packed but we were lucky to get a table. service was really good. got the combo plate with 2 different entrees and a cup of rice that came up to $11 ish including tax. if you're here, try the kare kare with bagoong. also rice dishes come with a little bit of their sinigang soup on the side!
This combo is $8.95 plus tax. Unbeatable price and value. The black blood with beef brisket is my favourite. Usually I only need half of each item for one meal, plus lots lots rice at home. I save another half for the next day. The main problems here is you have to know what you want to get, there's no signs of description for each item.
Put my head in and food looks dry n brown. Also very overpriced for what you're getting.
Nice New place on Joyce Skytrain area. Their combo specials are awesome, both in taste, portion snd pricing. Their Silog and Lugaw orders w/ different toppings are delicious. Try it and you won't regret it.
A visit to Vancouver meeting a friend led us to this place.  It was so nice how they accommodated us since they were about to close!  I had an arroz caldo (chicken) and it was just perfect!  The servers and the owner were very polite, nice and friendly.  My friends enjoyed their other selections and we had a great dining experience
"Damn tasty and damn authentic!

My companion and I were hankering for something hot and noticed the 3 Filipino restaurants in a row but couldn't decide which one to go to so we went to the one with open seats lol. We both ordered the 2 item combos with rice (9.95 each) since everybody else seemed to be ordering them.

The woman who served me informed me that the green coloured dish included taro and coconut milk (with spinach?). It was very rich yet not overwhelmingly sweet. The Pork dish had very tomatoey overtones with little bits of hot dog, red peppers, chick peas, and carrots. Didn't care for it at first but it grew on me with each bite. The Ox tail was DELICIOUS! It was super tender, albeit fatty, with a peanutty flavouring to it. The beef brisket dish was equally as tender but a little on the sweeter side for my liking.

Overall, friendly servers, reasonable price and delicious food!"
My husband and I were watching Mark Weins vlogs when he was in Philippines so we craved some Filipino food for breakfast! We came across Plato on the web and decided to give it a try. The food was OK - they were ready made and in warmers but didn't seem to keep them very warm. We ordered a couple of dishes, including a large spring roll, which we didn't enjoy because it was very oily and not very crisp. Their pork dishes were ok - lots of good flavour but I think they could've been better if they were served hot. The staff were very friendly and prices were affordable.
"AUTHENTIC FILIPINO DISHES


It was one sunny weekday afternoon when I passed by at this Filipino restaurant.  I got so curious as it was a little crowded inside so I decided to line up.  They served 20 or more filipino dishes.  When it was my turn, I didn't know what to order so I asked a fellow customer what dish she would recommend and she said kare kare.  So I ordered kare kare, dinuguan and spaghetti.  Men, it was really good.  Worth the wait.  A rate of 5 star is not enough.  Should give them 10 for fast service, very accommodating staffs and yummy dishes.  Drop by.  See for yourself."
"Authentic Filipino food in the Joyce station area. How do I know it was authentic? I was the only non Filipino customer and also the only non Tagalog speaking one.

Parking is available in front on Kingsway.

The inside is rather ghetto. The feel is definitely similar to that of a 1990s cafeteria.

The staff were friendly and were helpful in pointing out the various food items as I had no idea was looking at for the most part.

As I haven't had much exposure to Filipino food, I can't speak for the authenticity of the dishes. All I can say is that everything seemed really sour for a Western palate. With that said, the place was pretty packed and everyone else in the place seemed happy eating their food, so I'm sure it was legit. There are some 20 items to choose from, so there should be something for everybody there."
"Went here recently.  Bright atmosphere. Friendly service. Was even offered free soup.

I got the 2 item combo with rice for 9 dollars. I got the noodles with the egg & crunchy pork rind bits.Tasted good.

 & the BBQ pork belly. Very fatty but tasty at the same time.

Would go back."
"I take out some kare kare and some BBQ skewers. Was expensive but it worth.

Ma sarap pinoy cuisine and very friendly staffs.
I would go again!

Next time I want to try adobo"
"I like the food here and have tried several dishes now. I find the service friendly and patient. 

I like the pompano sinigang and beef caldereta a lot. They are tasty and nicely done. Any of the noodle dish is also delicious -- pancit, spaghetti and palabok. 

Lumpia is also good. If you get the dessert, be sure to put in fridge if you cannot finish it. Due to the coconut cream, it will turn sour the next day if left in room temperature. I learnt that lesson. 

Due to covid, it is limited seating now. While I appreciate there is marking on the ground on where to stand and wait, I cannot say that of its customers. 

I was extremely uncomfortable on my last visit when the customers started crowding around me to check out the display case on what dishes were available. The staff either did not notice that or they did not bother to ask them to social distance. I had to do that. 

In future I will just avoid the typical meal hours and go when there is less people."
"I don't know much about Filipino food but what I had was good. The grilled milkfish was fully deboned, including the head, and stuffed with chopped veggies. It came with a vinegar garlic dip which went very well with the fish. At $13+ for the entire fish, I thought it was fairly priced. But the rice was expensive as it came to $16+ when I added rice to it. 

The combo would be a better deal as you get rice with 2 dishes for $8.95. The dishes looked very appetizing and the staff was quick to describe each item. 

The service was warm and they cleared the tables efficiently. 

This place is self serve. Order your food at counter and then find a place to sit. There is also a water dispenser. 

I will be back again to try the other dishes."
"Five good friends came and had a fight...a boodle fight! Great value and awesome service! The food was plenty and delicious..a touch under- seasoned and wish we had a bit more sauce, but all in all, not much to complain about here at this new location on Joyce St. 
Our server was wonderful, thoroughly explaining the menu and items to us newbies to boodle. 
The room is a little small so make reservations if you are a larger group. 
We will be back for the Halo Halo and other desserts - we enjoyed our first boodle, and boodle took us down!"
"Super fun eating experience! I tried a boodle flight in Toronto before, so I had an idea what to expect. 

The servers are super welcoming, and do a great job of creating a home-feel. 

For the boodle flight, you should make reservations ahead of time via phone. Once you arrive, they start placing the food in front of you immediately. Not only is the food place right on banana leaves, but you eat only with your hands! (They give you gloves). This literal hands-on experience was super fun to do. Some might see it as barbaric, but once you use to it, it's quite enjoyable.

Piled on top of the rice (which btw, is unlimited!), the food includes squid, fish, skewers, fried chicken, eggplant, corn, and zucchini, just to name a few. The skewers were my favourite. They also give you a handful of refreshing cucumbers, tomatoes and mangos. I recommend eating this at the end of your meal, to refresh your palate and cut the grease and oil of all the meat. 

Overall such a fun experience to do, especially with a group. My group had 6 people, and it was plenty of food - even some left over. Total was about $25 per person! 

Would definitely go again. Memorable experience!"
ABSOLUTELY a MUST visit place if you want to experience Boodle fight and excellent Food!!
"東溫Joyce St可以稱為溫哥華的菲律賓小社區，因為在這短短兩個街段裡除了有菲國雜貨店外，竟然開設了五家菲律賓餐館。其中「Manila Grille」及「Plato Filipino」兩家我也曾光顧過，但他們都是提供預先烹煮好的熟餸快餐。我今天介紹這家Grandt Kitchen分店開業不久，做的是現叫現煮菲律賓風味餐點。它的總店在2015年4月11日已正式營運。店名Grandt解作""To give""的意思，由三對菲律賓夫婦合作經營，據聞他們會把餐館的部份盈利用來贊助菲律賓的宗教活動，這亦反映了店名的真正意義。我當年光顧Grandt Kitchen總店時它仍在舊址，餐館隱藏在Surrey市偏僻的工業區民居裡，沒有公共交通工具可以直達，自駕人士若不熟識該區的話亦會感到困難，我亦全憑店家提供的駕車地圗指引才能順利抵達，後來店家遷往同區新址後我就未去過。

新分店位於Joyce St的北端，與另一間也是開業不久的菲律賓餐廳「Filipino Style Carinderia」隔路相對。原址曾由「美膳廚房、味道園」等多家中餐館經營過。餐牌的菜色主要分為套餐和份量較多的單點小菜。五款套餐全日供應，名稱後面都加上""silog""的意思是配搭了蒜茸炒飯(sinangag)和煎蛋(itlog)的套餐，包括Spam Silog(午餐肉)、Longsilog (豬肉腸)、Tocilog(豬腩肉)、Bangsilog(烤魚)和Tapsilog(牛肉)"
"My family and I came here for the ""boodle fight"" because it's a rare Filipino dish that is super fun & yummy. The food is absolutely delicious and all you need is the 1 order if you're going with at least 5 people! It's a lot of food! The reason I give this place a 3 is because they can create a better set up (decorations, utensils, plants, table setting, etc.)  in order catch people's attention & gain more customers. I also recommend selling alcohol because my family was actually pretty disappointed that there wasn't any beer. Having a cold one will make this type of food so much better."
"Came here a client to eat and she ordered quite s bit.

Ordered: spring rolls, large garlic rice, beef calderata, street food, sisig, pancit canton and pork slewers.

Spring rolls- not really a fan of these. These aren't your traditional type of lumpia which is round. These were flat and the filling inside was soft/mushy. I thought it wasn't cooked at first. Hopefully not the case.

Street food- no other Filipino restaurant sells this, only in the Philippines. This was served with two types of vinegar to dip. In this dish, everything is deep fried: tofu, fried quail egg?, chicken skin, fish balls and hot dogs. This was ok, but I wouldn't order again.

Garlic rice- this was delicious, but how can a Filipino store ever get this wrong? Love pairing this with my sisig.

Beef calderata- didn't try this, but dish was small

Pancit Canton- this was absolutely delicious! I have never had such a flavorful pancit ever. A must order, big portion

Bbq Pork Skewers- it was dry, but I say Kumare's pork skewers tastes better, they're more moist and marinade is good.

Sisig- Yum. This is a must order at every filipino restaurant. This was good. This came in a sizzling plate and I love pairing this on my garlic rice and I love putting the dark vinegar on top of it.

Overall, I like it here but Ill order garlic rice, sisig and pancit and next time halo halo :)"
Booked a family dinner at the Grandt Kitchen and had a really fun time.  My family had never had a boodle fight before and this place came highly recommended by a friend who is a boodle fight veteran.  So glad I listened to his recommendation.  The staff were really friendly, helpful and explained everything.  The food was well prepared and delicious.  We got the regular boodle fight menu but there seemed to be a lot of options/additions if you're so inclined.  Since this was our first go-round thought we'd stick to the 'basic'.  There was a lot of variety and we especially enjoyed the roasted pork knuckle(?) - super crispy skin and not dried out.  The skewers and fried chicken were also stand outs.  I'm a fan of eating with my hands and getting to do so with friends and family is always a good time.  Everyone left with full bellies and with a smile on their faces.  We all agreed we would be back.
"Walked along Joyce Street with my mother and was pleasantly surprised that this new Filipino restaurant opened. Decided to be spontaneous and try it.

We had the Beef Caldereta and Beef Nilaga.
I will be honest and say that I was a bit disappointed.

1 - Beef Caldereta - The sauce lacked the thickness and flavor signature to Caldereta. The Beef cubes pieces a bit dry and some of them were just completely fat. There were also very little to no potatoes. 

2 - Beef Nilaga - The beef was again a bit dry. And I'm not sure if the Beef was cooked in the soup. The soup tasted almost more like salty water and less like beef broth.

3 - Steamed Rice - The rice was over cooked and a bit too mushy and soft.

I really wanted to like this place especially since they have the option for boodlefight (e.g. food laid out on banana leaf, eating with hands). Was excited to bring friends over but probably won't after this experience."
"This place has recently popped up by Joyce Skytrain station so I wanted to go by and grab takeout.

They were really nice - welcoming us to take a seat at one of their tables as we perused their dine-in menu.   Several other Filipino families were in the restaurant but it wasn't half full yet on a Friday night.  After making our decision a friendly waitress took our order.  We waited about 15 minutes for food and paid using their square terminal (major credit cards accepted).  

I noticed that the restaurant didn't serve alcohol but they have a fridge with several juices to choose from.  

Food was a little pricier than I expected (about $50).

I know very little about Filipino food but this is what I thought:
Crispy Pata - a little drier than I preferred it - definitely needs the sauce it comes with
GK Fried Chicken - I liked this! It was juicy and crispy. 
Chop Suey - more sauce than I'm used to - they had quail eggs inside it also
Garlic Fried Rice - this was fragrant and flavourful - i prefer this to steamed rice any day
Ube Biko - exactly what it says but missing a little something to really round this out

I noticed they do a Boodle Fight and their Halo Halo looked super good served to another table so I will have to try when I'm back in the area."
"Hard to find Filipino's places around Orlando for breakfast. This was the only one that had prepared hots foods to order.

We loved the sweet chicken with the garlic rice. The sinigang with pork wasn't that flavorful and the pork was really dried out and chewy. The milk fish tasted old and the longnise was so so.

The staff was very friendly and fun to be with."
Serving food everyday from breakfast to dinner. Buffet on weekends. Balik-bayan boxes, phone cards, money remittance, filipino groceries and more! Good costumer service. Parking sometimes can be a hassle specially during lunch time this place can get very busy so plan of arriving before rush hours.
Went here on a weekend and they have a buffet food and pastries are very good. Theyre very helpful and friendly too.
Love this place! Feels like you are eating at a friend's house. The owner was so nice and accommodating. They serve buffet on the weekend. Price was very reasonable. Can't wait to visit again when I am back in Orlando.
"Pandesal is thumbs up!!! 

Stopped off here for Filipino Breakfast, I had tapsilog (beef tapa, egg, rice, & tomato) - - it was good, but only one egg & the tapa was frozen.  Up north they normally give two eggs, not one - - but that's ok.  My wife had fish which enjoyed.

We also tried their Pandesal (Filipino roll) & it was very good - - we even took 3 bags home to Connecticut with us.

There are only a few seats (about 12).  Dinner does get crowded, mostly take out.

They have a little market - - I mean little.

Enjoy!!!"
Excellent chicken adobo, the rice awesome. The place is nice and friendly. I can't wait to go there for there pancit.
"I live on the other side of town but my mom and I make the trip every once and awhile for the bread! They bake their breads fresh there and it's also so delicious! We haven't found another Filipino store with bread like theirs! Other places bring in bread from a bakery in Jacksonville. The grocery side is small but they have the Filipino staples and essentials. 
Just go for their freshly baked breads, it's worth it"
Serving food everyday from breakfast to dinner. Buffet on weekends. Balik-bayan boxes, phone cards, money remittance, filipino groceries and more! Good costumer service. Parking sometimes can be a hassle specially during lunch time this place can get very busy so plan of arriving before rush hours.
Randomly was looking for Filipino food on a Friday and  google  showed us this Filipino Gem buffet style with reasonable  variety  of Filipino food.  The food is delicious and  cooked homemade  authentic  Filipino  style. The food prize is so reasonable.  I love the taste of the dinuguan (blood souP for  sure will be coming back here every time we are in Orlando.  Enjoyed the food
Randomly was looking for Filipino food on a Friday and  google  showed us this Filipino Gem.  A buffet style with reasonable  variety  of Filipino food.  The food is delicious and  cooked homemade  authentic  Filipino  style. The food prize is so reasonable.  I love the taste of the dinuguan (blood soup)  for  sure will be coming back here every time we are in Orlando.  The owner is so friendly and welcoming.  GOD Bless
Amazing food. Friendly folks working in this store. We were so hungry and the food was amazing. Wow. Hits all our spots. I can spend the whole day here
Randomly was looking for Filipino food on a Friday and  google  showed us this Filipino Gem buffet style with reasonable  variety  of Filipino food.  The food is delicious and  cooked homemade  authentic  Filipino  style. The food prize is so reasonable.  I love the taste of the dinuguan (blood soup). For sure will be coming back here every time we are in Orlando.
Amazing food. Friendly folks working in this store. We were so hungry and the food was amazing. Wow. Hits all our spots. I can spend the whole day here eating. Yummy
"I will add to this review later, but this is where you need to eat in town to try or have Filipino food.  I went to some nicer Filipino places while visiting and this place was the cheapest, they were the nicest, it had the best selection and, most importantly, it tasted THE BEST.  Portions were huge and I know for lunch they have an AYCE.  I couldn't finish my breakfast plate, and that's usually not an issue.

It's also a grocery and a bakery, so I picked up what I can't get in KY... and that would fit in my luggage.

Please give this place a try if you are in Orlando.  They deserve your business.

PS Southern California (where there were dozens of Filipino restaurants) born and raised Filipina.  Even if this place was amongst that dozen and it was near me I would be a local.  They're that good."
"fantastic Filipino food ..great fried lumpia ( eggrolls) , and they have all the delicious Filipino food which is made fresh and made to order for catering or for your family and friends. 
It is under new ownership right now and all the staff is attentive and make one feel welcome. they also sell Filipino  groceries and many Asian sauces . they have salted eggs and also a frozen food grocery section selling fish, macapuno and ube ice cream and eggroll wrappers and many other selections. The new owner Marlon is very knowledgeable about the products and provides wonderful service as he served my meal . It is great for families , couples and large groups ."
Been here many times and never disappointed. The last meal we had here, Tortang Talong and Adobo was super delish.
I love their dinuguan over rice. The friendly staff provided outstanding service. We were on vacation from Houston and they gave us travel tips and places to visit that made our trip to Austin more enjoyable and memorable. I look forward to eating there again next time i'm in town and I highly recommend this restaurant to fellow Filipinos who are visiting Austin.
"I was so happy that there's a Filipino store closer to where we live! I have always envied Houston (where my parents live) because they have everything there and FilTex too! So I frequent visiting my parents... and while I'm there, I do my usual Filipino grocery shopping.

Anyway, back to my review, my fiancé & I went to this store today for the first time. Got my favorite Mang Tomas sauce and Patis! Then ordered two halo-halos. My fiancé is not Filipino, he's as white as he can be but he loves the Filipino dessert, so needless to say, we went home with the Ube Cassava too.

We wanted to take some order of food home but we got there a little late and they didn't have anymore.  I will be going back for their Aloha Friday nights.  So glad I met new Flips in the area!!!"
Chicken adobo is amazing. The meat falls right off the bone. Sort of a sweet and tangy flavor. The noodles are also amazing!!
"This place is awesome.  My filipino friend and I come here for lunch as often as possible. DJ behind the counter cooks up authentic favorites like she had as a kid, the portions are big, the prices are great, and you feel like you're eating with family.  

Definitely try the Hawaiian inspired kalua pork from DJ's time living there.  I've had just about everything he cooks and it's all delicious!

Go, enjoy, and bring some friends. We want this awesome local secret to be around for a long time."
Getting my truck fixed at Sun Auto, I found this place looking for a good lunch within walking distance. I've lived in the Austin area for 7 years and never knew this place was here! I had Adobo chicken and Pancit. Lunch came with rice on the side. It was all great! Tasted like my childhood. :) The family who owns and operates the place are very welcoming and kind too. I would definitely recommend the Filipino Asian Mart. They aren't a huge grocery, but they have a lot of staple Filipino items.
Delicious food at a great price. This family owned restaurant cooks meals to order and to perfection. Try the taps lunch special!
"Homely little Filipino cafe tucked inside a large office building. 

Had a few of their lunch specials before; under $10 for a meal downtown is a good deal.

The Filipino special Pancit with Chicken Empanada is my fave here. The empanada reminds me of Cornish pasties. 

Most of the daily Filipino specials are pretty authentic in taste.

They also have all-day breakfast specials at pretty affordable prices. I personally like the 2 eggs + sausage + toast combo. Not super filling, but you can always add on more eggs at additional cost."
"Nothing beats a quaint family owned restaurant. Even more so when that restaurant is in the heart of Downtown! The moment you step in, you'll feel immediately at home in the cozy setting with the family that owns the place greeting you with a smile.

Aside from deli sandwiches and breakfast offerings, they also have daily Filipino lunch specials. For today (Tuesday), I tried their Kare Kare (Beef/Pork Stewed in Peanut Butter Sauce) and it was tasty! Wasn't a huge fan of the super pungent shrimp paste on the side, but I guess that was meant to be mixed in with the rice and sauce. Overall, not a bad place to try some Filipino homestyle cooking! 

Watch out though, this place closes at 3:30 PM"
It's a Filipino Grocery store with frozen treats like halo-halo, boba tea and ice cream from Philippines.  Sometimes they also make Turon. It is a clean place with a complete grocery items made from Philippines. Very friendly owner and great customer service. I love going here and my favorite is Choc-nut.
"Actually this is the second time I can here for their Happy Hour menu. So far their local oysters have been fresh and delicious! At $1.49 each, definitely will be back! 

This time somehow the computer charged my oysters at regular price and when I told the manager, they apologized and said next time the one dozen will be on the house. Let's see if they uphold this next time...."
"I wanted to check out the new BaoDown Olympic Village location. They seem to pull off a mix of a restaurant and full bar.

The menu has a South Asian fusion flare, with specials like Pad Thai and Laksa dinner items, and did I mention fresh oysters?? Oh Yes, please.  I went with a friend who also enjoys fresh oysters and went on a binge of oysters.

They have a rotating special menu, including buck a shuck BC oysters from Mon-Wed.  Monday's is the best for specials and best day for bang for the buck.  

Its a bit pricey for a casual dinner, also surprised to see an $8 (gluten free!) cotton candy on their dessert option...  That better be a really special cotton candy for that price!

The interior  setting seems to go retro with 90's beats, and a short hallway of classic 80's, 90's framed movie posters towards the washrooms.

Initially I thought to give this place a 3 star, but service bumped up my opinion on the place.

Overall, I would go, good to go in a group and share a few dishes."
"The mother of the owner is a friend of mine i worked with her  for few years in one of the hospital in vancouver,im so happy that time we came in to check the place she was there too having lunch with friends.....my review is fair and honest it has nothing to do with frienship..

New hot place to visit i believed this is the second one the main resto was in downtown.and i heard they are expanding abroad now,,,...for me its more like filipino and hawiian inspired dishes...in the menu i admired the person who made this names of foods...amazing and if you are filipino you can really relate on every names of the dishes.....Japayuki in my country Philippines we used this name to describe a female pinay working in Japan,Bao chicka Bao...chicka  means gossip and in my country this word is commonly used to mean gossip,joke etc....

The three of us are all first timer and the server was very kind to really describe all the dishes in the menu...at the end we ordered the kimchi price,the big bang,ahi poke,bao chicka bao and other stuff that i cant remember....surprisingly they were all delish...food presentation was excellent to me,the portion of the serving were small for a big hungry guy like me,price very reasonable,its worth the waiting time,.

Not so big place,new,neat decors are classy and contemporary,one side of the wall was painted with an image of a buffalo actually thats a carabao the Philippines national animal and the other half is an elephant in a very bright colors that really suits the place...very genius design im loving it....wash room is clean,opppsss no free wifi the waiter says its only for their music at the moment,i hope they will have one soon...

Full bar pub havent seen the drink lists and the pricing coz its lunch time and none of us wants to have a drink...

Parking is by the street metered one could be busy and hard to find....The place is good for group,family and kids,Accept cash,debit and credit...noise level is morethan average.

Another pride for the Filipino....100% ill visit again soon and bring a lot of friends who enjoys food like the dishes of the Bao down gastro....."
Food is decent , but I think a little over priced, 5 coconut prawn for $15, 5 chicken wings for 13$.... It's good but not worth the price IMO.
Sooo good. Must try. We loved everything we got.  Chicken bao bao. Kare bare and McDowell. To top it off the fries!!! JAPAYOKI!! Bomb.com
"I came down here to check this place out because I had my first 'baos' experience in LA and it was fantastic! I've always wanted to try Bao Down so I went the week after I got back. 

Unfortunately, we came on a Sunday around noon and the only baos they had available were the breakfast ones which sounded kind of strange in my opinion. I'd prefer pork belly in my baos than egg and spam any day, but since we were there we decided to try one bao each.

The baos were heavily dependent on the sauce and didn't feel like anything too special. I think I could've made those at home pretty darn easily, but I totally understand that the breakfast menu is not what they're famous for. I'm determined to come back to try this place another time since the location is so convenient for us. 

The service was decent. People were friendly and the overall atmosphere was great. I loved the decor inside and I think this place will definitely be an awesome place to just hang out and to have a couple drinks. The oysters sound / look great too so I'll definitely have to try that on a different day with some friends."
Just so so.  The portion is small but the price is pretty high. Probably a nice place to hang out for a drink, but it's not a place I will consider having lunch again.
Bao chicka Bao Bao, 2 worlds collide, and Big Bang were pretty good. YVR was just okay, but it's definitely the healthiest one. Chicken wings were disappointing, they were oily and lacked fish sauce to cover up the grease. Would come again for the Bao.
"Woohoo! Welcome to Bao Down in Olympic Village! Was able to go with a friend after it has been opened for 2 weeks... but they got their liquor license so that was perfect!
Started off the night with 33 Acres of Sunshine, and had their VeVo Pad Thai, which was delicious. Noodles were a little chewy but all of the ingredients were great. I'm glad that we made a reservation ahead of time because it does get pretty packed and loud. Very cool decor and chill vibe. Definitely recommend - and watch out for their Hawaiian brunch!"
I can't believe how great everything turned out! I reserved a table for 25 people and the service and servers were the best. I couldn't ask for more. Nice and helpful and quick. The food was delicious the atmosphere was so awesome. A lot of the people that were there will definitely be coming back including us. I thank you for making the birthday such a success. You guys are the best!  We had the YVR, short ribs, poke, chicken bao, pad Thai etc
"Amazing. 

Staff were awesome and knowledgeable. The Caesar had grilled tuna and bacon and Kimchi. 

I had the fairmont breakfast sandwich and cannot wait to return and eat it again!"
"I came here with a group of friends. It's asian fusion, and they had some unique menu items. There aren't many trendy places that use filipino ingredients, so this one definitely stands out. All of the items we tried were tasty and full of flavor. The baos were especially fluffy and delicious.

The main issue I had was the portion sizes were quite small for the price, and the server was not really on top of things during our visit."
"Expensive but delicious. I loved the bao chicka bao bao  $5 but it surprised me how good it was! 

I also got the chicken wings (half price on Thursday so $6 instead of $12) super crispy and delicious. I wanted to get the fish sauce but the waitress warned me that it's quite salty and fishy. She recommended the new something butter hot sauce but I was worried it'd be too hot. She let me get both sauces on the side! Very nice of her and both sauces were yummy but even better mixes together! I'd definitely recommend getting sauce on the side because I think the flavour of either would be too much if it was smothered in sauce. The hot sauce was a bit too spicy for me so I only used a bit."
I love this place. Been here 3 times and never disappoints. The Bao chika bao bao and 2 worlds collide are my favourite. They do the pork belly really well. Skin is crispy and the rest just melts in your mouth. Also recommend the hawaiian tuna poke. For drinks, try the mai tai sangria! Best to call before coming as it gets busy at certain times.
"First time trying Filipino food today for lunch!! I already knew I would love it when I was looking at the photos others have shared. 

Walked in and there were already people enjoying their lunch. It's inside a mini grocer mart. Very friendly staff and welcoming. There was a line and the man apologized for the wait. I wasn't in any rush, just very excited to try their food! 

I ordered the regular combo and chose Pancit and Chicken Adobo + steamed rice. I also ordered lumpias on the side. They made more in the back for me! 

The food: SOOO deliciously tender and amazing! Well flavored & the chicken literally fell off the bones. Yum! You pay after you eat. 

It's a little small, but perfect for me today because it wasn't busy. You may have to wait on the weekends, not sure. 4 tables - can sit about 12-14? 

I highly recommend this place! I'm too full for dessert, so I'll definitely be back to try other dishes and also to try their dessert."
I'm so happy a store like this exists. It is unique experience for people who typically just go to HEB or Walmart. This store gives authentic ingredients and shows that the community is investing in a local business (:
Came here the other day looking for a few hard to find items. Staff was very friendly and their lumpia was amazing! Was able to find most of what I needed and even things I didn't know I needed.
I am not a connoisseur of Filipino food so I am only able to judge on taste.  I work near this little restaurant/market and have stopped by on several occasions for smoothie snacks which are pretty good and refreshing on a hot day.  Recently, I tried their lunch offerings.  There was a pork dish (sorry forgot the name) and chicken adobo which were both very scrumptious.  The proportions are very generous for the price.  The market has many interesting choices for spices and other fare that you won't find in your local grocery store.  Though not necessarily a dine-in destination, this is a great place to pick up a hot meal when you want something different.
"I happened upon this place several years ago because it is actually right beside my dentist's office.  I never actually had eaten any meals here until recently.

So being as I grew up in a filipino household I feel I may judge the food a little harsher than normal.  Not harsh as in that nothing compares to my family's food but more so just that I am comparing everything to my family's food.  

The verdict - I am very impressed.   Several of the dishes (including the dinuguan and kare kare) are very close to home.  The dinuguan so much that I raved to my mom that she has to try this when she comes to visit (it's her fave).  The other dishes varied but of course I know...everyone's family has their own version.

My favorite - I freaking love her pancit palabok! The sauce is completely homemade and it is all sorts of deliciousness.  I've actually never had palabok sauce made from scratch.   The owner's version has ground sausage, shrimp, and oysters.  It is super yummy.  She cooks the noodles perfectly al dente just like I like it.  This was by far is my fave and I ordered several to be catered at my wedding.

Jean the owner is great.  After eating and ordering we talked a little and it was almost like sitting and talking to one of my own titas.  Merlin was great as well.  He did a great job helping my fiancé and I with the whole process of figuring out what we wanted catered.

Also have to say they have great halo halo and also sell kalamansi juice packets in a bag (hard to find).

Definitely a come back to place."
First timer.  Many authentic Filipino dishes to choose from. Food was great.  Wanted to try something new and support the local.  Had a great experience.  Friendly service.  Will come back again!
"I am a regular customer at this Restaurant and Filipino Asian mart where one can dine on authentic Filipino entrees , delicacies, desserts and yes..lechon kawali and halo halo. It is homestyle Filipino cooking with dishes my grandmother and mother cooked. The staff is all very professional and knowledgeable about their products and there are many entrees to choose from. There is ample free parking , and 
they also cater for various events. The restaurant is very clean  and welcomes families, couples and business folk. 

Today I dined on caldereta steamed rice fried eggplant and pancit. 
The entrees range in price 8.95 for the combo and some items alacarte like the lumpia shanghai, the lechon kawali etc. 
The staff is very friendly especially Jeric who runs the front counter. 

By Filipino products offered for purchase..the shelves are very organized And they also sell items to make sushi with. 
I give this establishment five  stars."
"Great food, great service,
Healthy portion. And im half filipino so i feel right at home."
"I haven't reviewed this place yet?

Best halo halo I've had in Austin - granted, this is the only place I've eaten halo halo, but it tasted fantastic. The dishes here are authentic. The flavors are spot on and taste as if I was eating my mom's cooking. 

Laid back, cozy atmosphere. Feels like the Philippines. 

Highly recommend."
Both pork and chicken were marinated properly and slow cooked to perfection. Will be back soon for some more condiments and specials.
These guys are great!! Super friendly and had everything I needed. Also, it is a locally owned business so it's worth it to go in and have a look. I will definitely be back
"Everything I've had here is great, the service is fast and the people behind the counter are super friendly and helpful. 

I didn't really know much about filipino food, so I said ""Just give me whatever's good"" and they hooked me up with all sorts of awesome food. 

I definitely am coming here more often, and have been several times this week already. I haven't had anything I didn't like so far."
I've been craving nothing but Filipino food for the past couple of months.  This place hits the spot!  The food is fresh, hot, down home-sy and tasty.  Just like my Lola used to make!  The owners are always so sweet and kind.  During my bout of pregnancy nausea, the only thing I wanted was arroz caldo and they were more than willing to custom make a couple batches for me.
I love their daily small selection of filipino food. The only complaint i have is, pls make the meat egg rolls cheaper and crispier next time
Seriously the best adobo and pancit ever, prepared with love right before your eyes - eat in or take out. If you can't find it you can order it over a friendly conversation with the owners who are always on hand.
I just can't believe how wonderful the people and the food are in this extremely small store that also cooks food. I came in about 3:00 PM. It was my first time here and yet I was treated like I was family!  I got the chicken and rice and some noodles to eat about 2 hours later. I also grabbed a halo-halo with coconut ice cream. It was amazing! I will be coming back every chance when I am in the area. You don't have to be fancy to be delicious!
Since our last visit the place has improved greatly! service was super good. They had everything we were looking for!
I want to like this place, but I stopped in for pancit and milk fish today and I was dissapointed.   Pancit was tasteless.  The lady working was more interested in singing than good food.  There is a great Filipino place in San Antonio, just go there.
"I had always passed this market on my way home but the other day I decided to try it. The owner I'm assuming was most helpful recommending me dishes as I had never had filipino food. Everyone was nice and he seemed to genuinely care about me as a person. The food was fantastic I had the chicken Adobe with rice and pancit(I think that's what it was). The next day I was craving more and I went back and he had remembered me I was shocked. 

Anyways the food is delicious and the staff is warm and friendly. This will be one of my new favorite reaturants."
"Guys!for the ones who lives and visits Austin...visit ""FILIPINO ASIAN MART"" lechon kawali every fridays! By mother margarita..thank you Marlon..the store owner...Sarrrrapppppp!!  sulit!!!!  theres more choices of food  everyday...they also have grocery items..opens 9:30am to7pm located @ 615 West Slaughter lane austin78748"
"Love this place. I discovered it by accident and I am lucky I did. I go here for lunch regularly. The chicken adobo is one of the better foods I have put in my mouth. The prices can't be beat and the people who run the shop are very nice, fun people. 

It is always full of Filipino families chowing down and having a good time. I haven't looked at the groceries yet but it seems like a good selection. Definitely worth checking out when you are in the area."
Filipino essentials. Nothing fancy. Awesome chicken adobo.
I went in here for a few items to make coconut soup and the woman who helped me was so wonderful! She answered all my questions and even told me where to buy an ingredient that I wasn't able to get there. Now instead of having to buy kaffir leaves all the time, I went to the nursery she reccomended and have a plant of mine own. I will definitely go there for my grocery needs.
"This is a very friendly, homey, little place!

They have a fair selection of grocery, some fresh, most frozen or dry. It's the only Filipino place in South Austin so it's my go-to place for a number of things.

Their space is very limited and much of the place is taken up by the kitchen.

Aside from grocery, they have a little cafeteria-style restaurant. The dishes are authentic and home-cooked. If you don't know this cuisine, it is often very greasy.

I love the place for PH grocery and food in this area of town.

It's the kind of place you ought to spend a bit of time with. It's kind of a hangout in some respects. Order something and sit an chat. 

It's not open late enough for me though. It's near enough to my 'hood but by the time I get home, much of the restaurant food is gone.

Other than that, great little place and a great addition to South Austin.

BTW, it is very clean and nice-looking, if cramped."
"Love the bubble tea and the Halo Halo.
Last time I had a Halo Halo was in Cebu and this Halo Halo came very close.   

Also, don't miss the egg roles.  No expert on egg roles but they were great tasting.  

Friendly and authentic - 100% recommend it!!!"
I came in looking for dumpling wrappers and the gentleman who helped me was Extremely helpful and friendly. Will be coming back for specialty sauces and to try their food
"My wife was feeling at home in this small Filipino grocery and eatery!!! 
Marlon is the owner, pictured with a big smile (great service).  She had pancit and lumpias. They also had other dishes that she grew up on  and sold items that reminded her of her dear mom. Delish!!!!"
Yummy food, came here for the halo halo, ended up getting a plate of food as well. They love UT students. The halo halo was so good, I'm coming back soon!! Kind of far though, don't go during rush hour.
I don't write many of these reviews, but this hidden gem deserves one. Great food, awesome people, and the store has all of my favorite treats! The chicken adobo was perfect, and the dessert lumpia was awesome!
"Just popped in to see if they had any lemongrass, and they do!  And Keffir LIme leaves!  And super helpful suggestions for which were the best products to use for our recipes!
We did not stop to eat this time but the menu looks delicious, can't wait to try the Pork Sour Soup and halo halo!"
Growing up in a Filipino household this place felt just like that. The food is delicious and I recommend the Lechon. Not only that the owner was probably one of the nicest person I have ever met. Filipino Asian Mart has a large selection of Filipino groceries, from condiments, to chips and a large frozen selection. I definitely recommend this place. Stop by and check it out! I know I'll be back.
Warm Filipino hospitality and oh-so-tasty halo-halo... looking forward to coming back for mealtime & some pinoy favorites!
"This place is a really nice store with some of my most favorite asian snacks! I was happily surprised that they have the fried Seaweed snacks that me and my GF love from Thailand. 

They have a bunch of  diff special sauces for cooking asian dishes, stuff you wont find in anywhere else. 

As for the home cooked food here, I will be coming back for more. I just love the home cooked Filipino dishes. Its all made there by the kitchen! 

So far I have  tried, the Chicken Adobo, Mechado (both amazing)  and tuna belly. 

but, Since the place is pretty small, this is mostly a take out place, great for buying a quick dinner or lunch.  Also, the owner Jing is very nice and friendly."
"This is one of my go-to places every week.  Outstanding food, and totally welcoming staff.  I don't use the grocery (I can't really cook), but I walk up to the deli counter and let them tell me what I'm having for lunch/dinner because I know I'll love it.  

Jin is the owner and chef.  She welcomes me like family every time I walk in.  Love that.

I knew I loved Filipino food before I ever ventured in here, and Jin has only confirmed this for me.  LOVE THIS PLACE.  

Even if you are new to Filipino food, you should give this place a go."
"I loooooove philipino pancit, lumpia, rice & chicken adobo! I was soooo excited when I asked if they've got any hot foods made and they said ""YES!"" Customer  service was AMAZING! If I stayed any longer, I'd buy the WHOLE store because I use almost every food item in that store to cook with. As an islander, these are ingredients I grew up with. Thank you!"
I loved trying Filipino food! They were helpful in guiding me what to order and so kind. The food was excellent and one meal was huge. You also get so many eggrolls for $6 and they made them fresh.  Will definitely be back to try other dishes.
A taste of Pinoy home! Marlon is the best! He is very personable and serves the best authentic Pinoy food in Austin. He also sells a lot of authentic ice cream, Pampanga Tocino, biko, ginataan, Pinoy ingredients and groceries. I wish he had another location in north Austin. I highly recommend all the food he cooks! I love this place!
"I was very excited to find an Asian Market in Austin at the location we were staying for a couple of days. I really liked their Halo Halo dessert. I also had their eggs rolls and chicken adobo. To me those were a bit salty, 

However, this was my first time trying Filipino food so maybe I'm just not used to the flavor? I'm Asian and these two items aren't too different from my regular meal, yet it's different?  
 
I don't know but I do recommend their desserts."
"I've never had Filipino food aside from when my roommate or her family cooks so I thought it would be cool to try this place. The guy who was working was super helpful and nice! So everyday they have daily specials that you can view on Facebook. Aside from that, they have Pancit (noodles), chicken adobo, and lumpia everyday from what I remember. 

I decided to stick with those three because I'm more familiar with them. They also have fresh fruit smoothies but the guy said they're not in season and won't have it til March/April so I plan to go back then to try other things (like the halo halo).

The chicken adobo was a little blander than I am used to (but I've been told it is made differently depending on where they came from in the Phillipines). But it was still pretty tasty and it came with two pieces of chicken. As for the pancit, they were like clear noodles in a light sauce along with some vegetables. I ate both of those with white rice along with my favorite (lumpia aka Filipino eggrolls). The meal was pretty cheap but I got greedy and ordered lumpia. I had roughly 10 of them for $7.99?? I don't remember. I wish there was a way to buy less of them at a time so I could kind of control myself haha. 

I'm definitely looking forward to going back to try the other dishes there since I've heard it was pretty authentic. Aside from their food, they sell condiments and some snacks Asian markets have. They have a limited selection but if you need something quick that HEB doesn't have, they might. Lastly if you need to know, their food is already prepped so it's pretty quick to order and eat. I appreciated that since I work around there."
100000000% awesome food and service, lumpia is awesome, enpanadas are awesome. if your on the fence dont be. well worth the money
Amazing food and excellent service! I randomly stopped in on the evening of May 21st prior to their closing time. Marlon and his family were very warm and welcoming. They educated me on their menu variety and we went on talking about their history and culture. I went home that night with a lot of food and my family slept content with full stomachs. It is now 3 weeks later and I just had DashDoor deliver a combo meal (Pancit, Chicken and Rice) and an order of Lumpia Shanghai. I am full and ready for a nap. I'll definitely continue to order periodically from here. Next time, I'll take pictures prior to devouring the deliciousness.
"I enjoy the pancit, Kare kare, lumpia and halo halo. First time having Filipino food and it was good. I would come again. 

The people were kind and friendly. It was a nice sari-sari type of store."
My wife and I tried this little gem around the corner from our house. The lumpia, ponset, and chicken adobo was amazing. We can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
"Went here for the first time today and wow! There aren't a lot of options for authentic Filipino food in Austin so we were thrilled when we discovered this place on Yelp.  It wasn't too far so we decided to go for dinner since we had a Longanisa craving.  Unfortunately, they didn't have any Longanisa available for dinner (only on Sundays!) but we ordered pork sinigang, fried fish, adobo, pancit, and lumpia, all served with rice.  IT WAS SO GOOD.  My favorite was the sinigang (so tangy!) but the pancit was a close second.  I read somewhere on here that they had bad lumpia...this is false.  Oh and another plus, after dinner we were able to pick up some hard to find items (frozen Longanisa) to take home. 

I should also note that the service was amazing.  Marlin was so friendly and answered all my questions about the food."
"Love going here! Exceptional customer service! Great deals! Feels like home 
So much flavors from the PH ! And great service with sending balikbayan boxes!
Thank you filipino asian mart"
You must try the egg rolls, and they also have vegetarian ones. The pancit bihon was delicious.
This is a sight for sore eyes! My wife is Filipina and we just moved here from San Francisco last July. The Filipino supermarket (Seafood City) is huge in California. We feared that Austin is small and probably won't have much Filipino influences. But we ran into Filipino Asian Mart on Google Maps and decided to stop by. Though it's small, I see all the basic ingredients we need and the food reminds me of what I've eaten back in California. I'm a huge fan of the Datu Pitu brand spicy vinegar and bought two bottles immediately. I pour that over my pancit bihon, and I'm in heaven. I'll be back to put in a big order of BBQ skewers for my daughter's birthday party!
We always drop by here before heading to San Antonio. Really miss my family's cooking and this by far reminds me so much of Philippines! Love their adobo, lechon kawali and Sinigang. Really good food and nice people.
"A great family run business with friendly service, tasty food, good value, and generous portions. Upon entry I was greeted with a smile and a fried chicken wing courtesy of Marlon. It doesn't get much better than that. This is some fine Filipino home cooking. While I'm not an expert on the cuisine,  I have enjoyed it in the past as well as cooked a few Filipino recipes myself. Plus for 8 or 9 bucks you get a great portion of tasty food with one of their lunch specials. Their lunch items change daily so there should be a wide variety of different options to check out.

In addition to the hot home cooked food they serve, they also have a variety of snacks, drinks, and condiments you may never have heard of before.

It's a shame I came across this place after moving up North. If I still lived South, I'd come here often."
Mini-market and restaurant. Everything is wonderful! Lumpia and halo-halo are my go to, but everything I have tried has been good and authentic.
"As a native south Austinite pinay I am so pleased there is a store that caters to this side of town. The adobo, diniguan, pancit, and lechon kawali all fulfill my cravings whenever I don't want to pester my own mother for some homeland cooking. 

The quality of service makes you feel like family and they have all the staples you need to cook Filipino food at home. 

10/10 would highly recommend"
"A Filipino buddy of mine introduced me to Filipino Asian Mart a few months back, and I've come back as often as possible. If you like getting out of your ""food bubble"" and trying new foods or maybe you want to eat something that reminds you of home - like my friend, I highly encourage you to head over to Marlon and the crew Filipino Asian Mart. 

For first timers I suggest the Chicken Adobo, Pansit Bihon and the Lumpia. Get it all! Also, the Lechon Kawali (seasoned/deep fried pork belly) is crazy good."
Love this little place. A small grocery store that cooks food around 1100 in the morning. I get items here that I cannot find anywhere else. The other day I stopped in to get some banana catsup sauce and had to grab a halo-halo. A halo-halo is almost impossible to drink/eat in a car and drive safely, so do it at one of their 2 tables or wait until you get to your destination. Ask about any food or food item and they will be glad to provide advice on uses.
I just came here for the very first time. I am definitely coming back!! Food was so so good. I felt at home eating here. Lumpia was delicious! Marlon was very nice and hospitable!!!
Friendly customer service and good food! Filipino food is difficult to find in Austin, so this was a surprise. Marlin was very friendly and recommended several dishes. We had the lumpia shanghai, pancit bihon, chicken adobo, pork sinigang, and daing na bangus, then ube puto for dessert. All were good, but the lumpia and bangus were our favorite!
So yummy. Had their halo halo. Will come back for the unique ingredients and foods they have, especially Thai tea!!
We wandered in not sure what to expect and having zero knowledge of the dishes or cuisine. The owner was incredibly nice and offered to make us two plates so we could try different things. We tried the pancit, caldereta, pork sour soup and lumpia. Everything was amazing! The meats were very tender and the seasoning was spot on! We also tried the halo- halo dessert which was a pleasantly odd mix of textures and flavors that worked well together. We will definitely be coming back and are a little disappointed we haven't tried it sooner. It's an authentic, from scratch, small local business and we felt very welcome within the first few minutes in the store. Salamat Filipino Asian Mart!
So I found this place while going to goodwill by accident and let me tell you, I'm so happy I did! The owner is so personable he makes you feel at home, they have so many goodies, and the food is amazing! I'm Filipina myself and the food was like my Lola use to make. It made my heart happy coming to this store. Don't make the mistake of not stopping in here!
I came in (at close) on a Sunday. I needed to find some white miso paste for a recipe. The very nice gentleman working there had some at the ready. Apparently, they were already closed, but were super nice and accommodating. They have really good snacks too.
Great Asian home cooking in South Austin's food desert. The chicken adobo and sweet pork was delicious. We will definitely be back to pay Marlin a visit!
Went in after my hubby said he was craving Filipino food, got chicken adobo and a pork dish in a delicious sauce with potatoes and carrots, lumpia, and some purple dessert muffins. The portions are very generous, the dishes are well seasoned and flavorful, the lumpia was perfect crispy and delicious, and the muffins were soft with just the right amount of sweetness. I was greeted very warmly like I was a regular customer despite being my first time visiting the store. Will definitely be back for more very soon.
You guys, this place is great! I've only been 3 times and they haven't disappointed me yet! Besides the good food, the customer service is exceptional. I don't know much to Filipino food, so they'll explain to me what's in each of the dish. They rotate their menu, so you can always try something new
The food was great and the service is friendly. They have a small dining area with refrigerated drink options. Very accommodating to try something new.
Great little food mart on the south side of Austin. Service was quick and the food was fantastic.  I don't have any Filipino restaurants around my home so when I'm traveling I like to get my fill of the Homeland and this place didn't disappoint. The chicken adobo looked great but the lechon k was what I had my heart set on and it was delicious.  Thanks for the friendliness too.
The food here is GRRRRREAT! best filipino food I've ever tried. The hobo chicken and the lumpia are bomb! the staff is great, always respectful and willing to help
Some of the best food I've ever had came from the lunch counter in a small grocery store and this is no exception. Amazing Chicken Adobo and rice. Crazy good pork stew as well. Marlon suggested we pair our meal with a lychee drink and we were not disappointed. Then he came from behind the counter and surprised us with a couple of sample fried chicken wings that were delicious. We finished with a box of banana-jackfruit egg rolls for dessert. Yum.
Authentic food and friendly staff. The only place I go to in Austin for Filipino grocery and takeout.
I been here for two months 1/2 in Austin and I'm loving this Filipino place , I been coming here I love everything great food and dessert . Always a craved food type :)
The soup here was amazing and they had a nice variety of food. Very friendly staff looks like a family run place.
"What a great find! My partner and I came in from our cruise at Canada place and stayed downtown. The yelp reviews for breakfast pointed us to this gem. Being Filipino, I was excited to find a place with Filipino breakfast. I was not disappointed.

I ordered the longanisa (Filipino sausage) which came with garlic fried rice and two eggs. My partner ordered an egg sandwich on an english muffin with a side of hashbrowns. They were so sweet to give us a side of soup (the Bulalo which was the lunch special for the day).

I wish I had a place like this close to my home in Los Angeles. The place looks unassuming but it has good food and a lot of heart. When I visit Vancouver, I'll definitely be back."
Craved pinoy bfast in Vancity. A little hidden between buildings. Ordered tapa and longganisa with fried rice and egg, tasted like home.
Great little cafe, super friendly staff and top notch food. Regular rotation of daily special covers a wide range of lunch favourites. It's amazing what they can do in the tiny space!
"Decent Philippino restaurant has a mix of breakfast food and rice dishes. Everything from the seating area, to the food (quality, price, portions), to the staff are good but not great. 

Go for: quick food and service, decent Philippino rice dishes

Don't go for: good value, great food"
Great place to come for lunch, especially on a Tuesday or Thursday because they do a really good butter chicken. I would definitely recommend this place if you are ever in the area.
"Great place to have lunch if you work in the area.  They have two different types of lunch specials, Filipino and Western menu. 

I got a special  off the Filipino menu and it tasted great and was a decent portion."
"Very nice restaurant that serves both western style and Filipino food. Tried their lunch special of Kare Kare (peanut butter sauce beef) and it was delicious. 

It's conveniently located in the business distract so not far from coal harbour and burrard skytrain station. 

If you email the owner or ask he will add you to the email list with the weeks daily specials. 

I only gave it 3 stars because it was good but nothing out of the ordinary. The serving size is quite large and was good for lunch and my dibber that night. The daily specials are usually $8.75 so price is also pretty good. I will have to try it again sometime."
"Very friendly staff in a small coffee shop/sandwich counter space. I liked the options to get some Filipino food, and took the opportunity to try out one of their breakfasts.

$9 got me some garlic fried rice topped with 2 fried eggs and some sweet sausage served with a small dish of what tasted like vinegar. It was made quickly and brought to my table after I ordered and paid at the counter. 

The food itself was ok. I haven't had a lot of Filipino food, so I wasn't sure about the vinegar. The sausage was very sweet and softer than say, a Chinese sausage. I liked the garlic in the rice.

Just something different to try while I was in the area. I'd probably go back and try an empanada or something different."
"This is one of my favourite little hole-in-the-wall cafes in Vancouver, and I go here often for breakfast and lunch. The owners (husband and wife) are very friendly, and you will always get great service. 

The Symphonie has a good mix of Filipino and Western food, and features two daily special menus (one of each) that rotates. The portion sizes are pretty good, too. 

I like that their bake their own muffins and scones, instead of buying it from one of the major suppliers. I'd also recommend the chili (lots of meat!), Thai chicken soup, and, if you are lucky to be there on the right day, the Pancit with Empanada (light and fluffy). They also do a good breakfast sandwich."
The butter chicken Thursday lunch special was excellent. Good price, large portion.  Staff were friendly.
Went for breakfast here two days in a row. Had the Filipino breakfast (garlic rice, eggs, longanisa and also tocino). Very good and very filling. The owners are also delightful!
in town for a conference and yelped this place. I never had Filipino food before, but enjoyed it very much. My coworkers had the spam and eggs. I had the beef and egs . it all served with rice and a tasty vinegar sauce. Very sizable portions and nice people working there
Nice cafe type restaurant to grab a lunch on workdays. Sandwiches are awesome. Kare late is always my favorite.
"I only come here on the days they serve kare kare because it's so damn tasty with the oxtail, peanut sauce, veggies, shrimp paste and white rice. It's comfort food to me. The restaurant changes its menu everyday (you can find out what they're serving each day if you follow them on Twitter) and most of the dishes are less than $10. So it's great for those who want something a little different from the regular downtown restaurant chains, but are watching their budget. 

The owners are very nice and show an interest in getting to know their customers. But I wish this place would stay open past 3 pm. I would definitely be eating here more often if they were open during dinner time."
"The line ups are a testament to food worth waiting for. The mom n pop owners offer hearty and healthy comfort foods. The personal attention makes me feel more like family than a customer. The breakfast sandwich is my favorite way to start the day.

I like that they are always trying new things and open to suggestions. Just recently, they did a test run of Chicken Cordon Blue. Perfectly cooked and professionally presented. I'm going to call it 'Diner Surprise' because no one would expect this kind of quality in a small cafe. Yet that's what the owners and employees consistently provide. 

Who knew downtown dining could be both satisfying and affordable!"
"I love the all-day Filipino breakfast special. 

Good price and portion, can't go wrong with the longanisa (Filipino breakfast sausage). The family that runs the place are very friendly. 

I heard that their pancit with chicken empanada are good, therefore, I will try it come Friday lunch.

They also have sandwich counter for the western folks if you're not into Filipino cuisine."
"This is a cute little cafe that sells decent Filipino dishes. I love longanisa and I come here for their lunch special which comes with egg & rice as well. 
It's not the nicest place but it's convenient and feels cozy in there."
"Great!

Value for money. 

Food is excellent. Tasty, home made and authentic.

Outstanding service too!

I wish this family business good luck. We live right around the corner and will come her often from now on."
"ランチに利用。
9ドル弱で、グリーンカレーとライスを頂きました。
美味しかった！エビの佃煮？のような、練り物がついてきて、これを加えるとシーフードのコクが出て、味に深みが！

ただ、日本で頂くとサラダともう一品小鉢かドリンクがついてきてもおかしくない...どこも、高いなあもうT^T！
ボリュームは少なく見えましたが、女性の私は案外にお腹いっぱい。
客層も年齢層高めに見えました。"
"Ex-Chef from the Hyatt, from what I've heard.  From what I've seen myself, she certainly knows her stuff.  The food is tasty and very well priced.  The chalkboard menu also features what I believe are traditional Pilipino menu items, which I have heard are delicious.

There is always a daily food special--the butter chicken brings a line-up, and it's not bad but it's not the best thing they do. Breakfast special in the morning is a good way to start the day without breaking the bank. 

Clean place, and actually nice to sit down in--relaxing.  Friendly staff and customers always seem to be on hand.  TV on wall is a good size and always has news on."
"I ordered the chicken curry and it didn't taste that great. What do you expect when you order Indian food at a philipino restaurant. Guess it's my fault.. lol

Came back and Ordered the Thursday special Pork Adobo, tastes ok, I'll come back again to try out their other specials later."
Lovely little tucked in restaurant family owned and run.  Felt like I was at home with family cooking In the back.  Homey feel to the food and service.  Coffee was great!! Chocolate milk for the kids was a generous carton! Eggs were cooked perfectly and had a deep orange yolk.  Would love to try the  lunch menu! I would come back again for sure?
"Traveling with my Filipina mother who was craving Filipino breakfast. I had to google the closest Filipino restaurants near downtown and found this place. 

Overall experience was good. Staff was really friendly and everyone enjoyed their dishes. It is below an office building so we saw a few people coming in and out. The people that worked there seems to like the staff at the restaurant."
"A good old fashioned Filipino breakfast served throughout the the day in downtown Vancouver? 

Yes, please!

Symphonie is your typical small downtown cafe, but with a twist. In addition to the usual lunchtime fare, they also offer daily Filipino breakfasts longanisa (sweet sausage), tocino or tapa (cured beef or pork), all served ""silog"" (with a fried egg) and of course garlic rice!   There is a daily Filipino entree as well which changes throughout the week (follow them on twitter to see the daily special).  

I can't wait for sinigang day!!!"
Quality cooking of Filipino dishes. I love  the Kare Kare and breakfast dishes. Staff is friendly and nice. Always eat here whenever I am in Vancouver downtown. They serve and clean the table for the guests. Awesome  Filipino owned business.
"A little cafe, which serves Western and Filipino food.  The sandwiches and soup are always made fresh.  The Filipino food, however, is most likely cooked from home and brought in.  They only make a limited quantity so I suggest getting there early or calling in to reserve, or you won't get any specials.  Space is also limited, so get there early.

Home made cooking is always the best in small batches."
The curry was not bad, not really my bag but my son seemed to like it. The portions were certainly big. The owners were friendly and the service was swift. The tv seemed unnecessary though.
I'm a visitor to Vancouver and came here since I was up early and no other restaurants around were open. I ordered the longanisa, and grabbed a day old cinnamon bun on the cheap. Besides explaining all the filipino dishes to me, they microwaved the cinnamon bun for me, and gave me a free sample of one of the other filipino dishes (the sausage one), all without asking, which was super nice. They were also very patient with me considering the menu, and gave a nice sit down area with TV news. I saw about 4 people stop in to grab something while I was there. Prices are a wee bit high for the portions, a bit under $10 for a medium sized plate, but I think it was definitely worth it.
"Wonderful bit of Filipino food available and traditional ""North American"" fare as well.    On the ground level of an office building, so hard to miss.   Worth looking for!!!!"
"This is a small restaurant located near the Bentall Centre serving up Filipino food, with some Indian and Western dishes as well. In addition to their regular menu, they have specials that vary depending on the day. You order at the front counter, and the staff brings you your dishes if you're eating in (many people appear to opt for take out). I had their Fillipino Special with Tocino and Kare Kare off of their specials menu. While I'm not raving about the food, the dishes were still tasty, and their prices are very reasonable. This is definitely worth a visit.

Kare Kare ($12):
3.5/5
This is part of their Tuesday lunch special, and consists of beef & pork along with various vegetables cooked in a peanut butter sauce, and is served with rice and some kind of shrimp/fish paste. This is the first time that I've had kare kare so I don't know what it should be like, but I did really enjoy the peanut sauce/broth, which was savoury and had a great fragrance from the peanut. The meat was also very tender; I do find there to be a bit too little meat and a bit to much vegetables however.

Fillipino Special with Tocino ($10):
3.5/5
Their specials consist of garlic fried rice, 2 fried eggs, and your choice of either longanisa, tocino, and tapa; I had their tocino. I requested for their eggs to be overhard; however, when I received it, the yolks were still runny (I'm one of the rare people who don't like runny yolks). They were still tasty however, and were actually quite well seasoned. The tocino was a bit dry and tough, but was flavourful and had a nice hint of sweetness. I quite enjoyed the rice, which was fragrant from bits of garlic.

Summary:
Food: 3.5/5
Price: 4/5
Service: N/A
Overall: 3.5/5
Recommendations: Kare Kare, Fillipino Special"
Found this place on yelp and so glad we came. I had the breakfast wrap and hubby had the traditional Filipino breakfast. Both were delicious and the price was very reasonable. Definitely recommend.
Great tapsilog (beef strips, fried eggs, and fried rice) and friendly staff. It's nice to discover a Filipino restaurant very close to work.
"This place offers all-day Filipino breakfast. 'Nuff said. 

I came here for lunch during the week, at the beginning of lunch hour, and was pleasantly surprised to find that I didn't have to wait in a long line to order food (per other Yelp reviews). At first it was hard to find the Filipino offerings on the menu, as they offer other types of food as well (sandwiches, Western-style foods). The woman behind the counter pointed to the two menus listing Filipino food - one showing the all-day breakfast options, and the other showing the daily Filipino lunch special. 

I ordered the Tapsilog breakfast - marinated beef, garlic friend rice, eggs with a side of vinegar. To my disappointment, they were sold out of the Tapa (beef), so I decided to go with the Tocino (Filipino pork) breakfast instead. The lunch special of the day was Niligang Baka, which also sounded tempting, but I already had my heart set on breakfast. 

The service was friendly and quick, and it wasn't too long before I was happily enjoying my Tocino with sunny-side-up eggs. At $7.75, the meal was a total steal. It totally hit the spot for a craving of home-made Filipino breakfast food. I must have arrived at just the right time, because as I was eating, the business lunch crowd started to pile in. 

The atmosphere was casual and low-key, perfect for a quick lunch. 

If you're set on coming here for the Filipino food, I would have to agree with the other Yelp reviewers and suggest getting here early!"
"I love this place!!!  Not only is the food homemade and delicious the owners and staff are friendly, thoughtful and just plain awesome.  They serve both Western food (sandwiches, soup, spaghetti) and Filipino food (pancit, sweet spaghetti etc).  They have a regular menu and a special one that changes week to week.
Now, I'll tell you why Ed and Emily (plus staff) are great.  When they see you they greet you by name.  They care about what's going on in your life and they'll ask you how you are doing.
Today I went to pick up my favorite dish (pancit) at 3:30 pm.  This was actually their closing time and they waited for me.  Like I said awesome people."
"This place just changed my lunch game. 

When I lived in the Philippines my ultimate comfort food was tapsilog. I could eat tapsilog every single day and it would always put me in a good mood. 

Today I forgot my lunch and so I scrolled through Ritual to see what was in the neighbourhood where I came across the Filipino Breakfast at Symphonie. Rather than ordering through Ritual I walked over, so excited to see where this place was and what options they had. I was a kid in a candy store looking at the amazing selection of filipino specialties they had to offer throughout the week. The owners were so lovely and welcoming and I knew that regardless of how this tapsilog was that I would be back to try other dishes. 

And then I ate my tapsilog (aka tapas filipino breakfast) and I was immediately transported back to my favourite tapsilogan in the Philippines. The tapas was packed full of flavor and perfectly tender, the garlic rice was fluffy and garlicky, my eggs cooked perfectly and the vinegar sauce poured on top the perfect amount to make this taste like home. The tapas is sensational.   

I was losing my mind (in the best way) while I ate this delicious meal and I genuinely cannot wait to go back and  try their lechon, their sinigang and their pancit. 

GO HERE!!! The food is exceptional and the people are so kind."
Great food. Friendly service. Had egg, ham and cheese in English muffin. Cooked perfectly using fresh food. Great price. Variety of hot tea choices
"If you're craving Filipino Food, you should come here.
Try everything and you will not get disappointed as it tastes the same as an authentic home cooked meal.
We're visiting Vancouver and checked in one of the hotels near the Harbor. Luckily, this is only one block away from us. Glad to have Lunch here.
Great customer service. Very friendly people."
"Great food and great service!

My friends and I were in the area and they let me pick what to have for lunch so I chose this homestyle, quick Filipino lunch spot! I had the tapsilog and they all tried the sinigang (Filipino lunch special). They loved it and I enjoyed my meal as well!

The food came really quick (probably 5-10 minutes or less) and my friends were very shocked! I explained to them that many quick lunch spots in the Philippines were like this especially in Metro Manila where people prefer to grab lunch as quick as possible and go back to work. This place brought me right back to those days! 

The staff were very friendly and hospitable as well! The lady at the counter even came over and had a quick chat with us before we left.

Prices were great for the meal. This was a great find! Will definitely come back whenever I'm in the area!"
"Always the friendliest and love coming here to start my morning
Really good Filipino food to satisfy my craving
Really clean and the best of the best service"
I have been coming to Vancouver for years for work, waking up early only to find that no breakfast place opens until 8:00... this doesn't help when I have to leave by 7. So to have a place that not only opens early, but serves me Filipino comfort food for breakfast... two thumbs up from me! It's nothing fancy: garlic fried rice, fried eggs & your choice of meat, but this is the stuff I grew up on, so great for me!
"I have been a long time fan, coming here every Tuesday for Kare Kare. That's where you will likely find me on a Tuesday.

Such a splendid little cozy neighborhood spot, that doesn't disappoint for a nice home-cooked meal. Offering a variety of food, they stay true to Filipino Dishes and popular dishes from Indian inspired chicken curry to a rare special shepherds pie and everything in-between. 

If you work or live nearby, you can try them. Affordable and they treat you like family. 5 stars"
"Found this place during our last trip to Orlando. It's not big but they have a huge selection of Filipino products, meats & seafood and produce. I found some vegetables here that I can't find and buy in Georgia. Located in a small shopping center. 

Side note: If you're hungry for some Filipino food, stop by DeGuzman down the road."
Call ahead if you want to order Halo Halo. I learned that the hard way :( I'll come back because they are nice and the Halo Halo is decent, but they run out of ice and  ingredients- so save yourself some disappointment and call ahead to make sure they are serving it that day.
We love this store. For such a small store, it is jam packed with merchandise, with a good selection. Their halo halo is to die for. They are friendly and seem to appreciate their customers. I have seen this market grow in the past few years, andit is better than any other Filipino market on this side of town.
"This is my go to store for Filipino treats, eats, and groceries. I grew up with my parents awesome home cooked Filipino meals and I miss it so much- so every time I'm craving Filipino food, I come here. There's not a large Filipino community here in Orlando so when I found this place a few years ago, I make sure to stop in once a month to buy the things I need to whip up some delicious Filipino dishes. I could go elsewhere for my produce but substitutes are just not the same. 
M&M Philippine Mart is a small store located off the busy East Colonial Drive highway. It's tucked away in a strip mall next door to a Cuban restaurant so it is easy to miss. Best days to come in are on Saturday and Sunday morning as they have fresh cooked food packed and ready to take home or eat.  Prices are a bit high here but then again there's not a large Filipino community here in Orlando. Their bakery items are shipped from Jacksonville so you must keep them in the fridge or freezer as soon as you purchase to keep them fresh longer."
I loved this spot! The atmosphere was great and the music was even better! The play a mix of 90's HipHop and R&B. It kinda sounded like a house party. As for the food, I had the Bao Chicken Bao Bao and it was delicious! I also had kimchi fries with mushrooms and thai tea. This was the perfect lunch! I'm withholding the 5th star because my kimchi fries were cold and the thai tea wasn't nearly as sweet as the teas I've had at other places. But overall it was a great experience and I would definitely go back!
"I came here often for lunch and would have the kimchi fries and a Bao. Loved the food until one day I had bones in my fries. I do find that their water always tasted metallic no matter which vessel it was in. So I just ordered the beer or pop. It's hard to find good crispy pork belly so that is why I came here. 

Not so sure about going back now because the service has declined. It used to be really good. Last time I came in my bill was under $10 and I gave a $20. My waiter who was barely there asked me if I wanted the change...

I will only go back if my co-workers go for another group lunch. But until the service and quality is fixed, I won't be going back. 

If you Bao folks are reading this. Please take your reviewers to heart. It will only make you better"
Went for drinks and appies after work. Great energy and vibe. Drinks were good and food was enjoyable but overpriced. For four of us our bill came to just over $400 with tip. Honestly I was still hungry afterwards but enjoyed the experience.
"My fiancé took me here for a late night dinner date before my stagette to Kelowna the next day. We ordered the chicken wings and the Big Boss Curry. The chicken wings were delicious! Very large wings with a good batter and tasty seasoning. I'd definitely come back to order these again. The Big Boss Curry was a Massaman Curry with a braised and grilled beef short rib and it came with jasmine rice. This dish was amazing. My fiancé would have licked his plate clean. The portions were pretty big too. 
It has a nice lounge feel to the place so it's also a great place to stay and have a few drinks. 
Overall a great experience and I'd definitely come back again to try some other menu items."
"I think the servers were way too busy, hard to find a server. 
The food was okay, the Bao size is not what I expected, it's too small for a guy. 
Fly rice is not bad, but you the price is a little bit high. 
The phresh rolls is good to share. 
Overall, the price was higher than the food's quality."
Their happy hour menu is great! Definitely approached it with eyes bigger than our stomachs. We had Filipino spring roles, adobo brussel sprouts, luau pork belly, and a couple baos of course! Tonight they just released a new summer menu with delicious options but since we over indulged in happy hour, we'll have to save that for another time. Their menu options have a nice variety and everything is reasonably priced for sharing - because you'll for sure want to order more than one thing! Servers were friendly and eager to explain the menu. Another bonus is that there is free 1-2hr parking around the area if you are willing to walk a few blocks - which after eating a healthy amount of pork belly - isn't a bad idea!
"Came here because I heard some great things about their chicken & waffles.  I came, I tried and it left me a tad disappointed.  Fried Chicken wasn't spicy at all and it definitely could have been juicier.  The waffle itself was ok, made a million times better by that macadamia syrup they used.  Frankly, that was the only highlight for me.  

For $18 (pre-tax), it also wasn't worth it in my opinion.  Atmosphere itself is similar to the Gastown location with more tables to sit at which is great if you have larger groups."
Definitely unique and interesting for their brunch menu. Pork belly and grits a tasty and super filling dish. Fried chicken and pandan waffle overly drenched with macadamia nut syrup (better if served on the side). Panko crusted SPAM was a decadent treat!
"Overpriced food, flaky service, yet difficult to get in. This local will be taking her appetite elsewhere. 

Next!?"
My friend decided to try somewhere different for her birthday dinner and based on restaurant reviews she decided on Bao Down! And I'm glad she did!!!  This place is awesome!  We all tried the Bao Chicka Boa Boa & YVR, as well as their fries.  Their servers were pleasant, we made reservations for a Saturday night and we had a ncice table set for us.  The only downside is that their bathroom was disgustingly dirty.  AND, they don't have a blender so we couldn't order any blended drinks ie. margarita for a very hot Saturday night.
Amazing choices for brunch!  Ordered the Under Pressure dish (recommended by our server) and my friend ordered the crab cake benny special.  Great recommendation!  It was an Asian breakfast dream!  The panko Spam was crispy on the outside and spam-o-licious on the inside with a runny egg on top of tater tots and garlic rice.  The crab cake benny was packed with crab flavor!  Definitely going back to try the Bloodsport caesar!
"A solid 4.5 stars. They've just opened up tonight for their soft opening and I've been waiting for them to open as I live right around the corner and I couldn't be more excited. Everything about my dining experience tonight was awesome. 

My boyfriend and I came at 7:15pm and it was packed and we were lucky enough to snag the last available table. The menu isn't complete yet and they haven't got their liquor license yet, but that all should be completed shortly. 

We ordered a few of the oysters to start and they came with 4 different sauces - a spicy mango, a citrusy jalapeño, an AWESOME cocktail sauce and a mignonette sauce with cucumbers. They were all so delicious and I loved every one. I put all 4 of them on and that was the way I enjoyed them the most. 

For mains we decided the split the fry rice and the Fraser Valley Huli Huli chicken. Both were great. The fry rice came with crispy pork belly and squid and the fried egg on top was still ooey and gooey and this dish was my favourite of the night. The chicken dish was likewise also spot on with the flavours. The portion size was very good too, a big thigh and a breast. The sweet sauce of the chicken worked well with the crunchy slaw they put on top. The papaya salad we chose as our side to the chicken was also very tasty. 

To top it all off, as we ended our meal, we were brought a plate of the bao beignets on the house. This is not something my boyfriend and I would ever order as we aren't a fan of sweets but we were so glad we got to try these. My boyfriend devoured about 5-6 of them and couldn't stop. It was so warm and fluffy on the inside and perfectly crispy on the outside and the cinnamon sugar wasn't overly sweet. 

For a soft opening and it being their first night, I'd say they have something special here. We were blown away by the warm welcome and how nice all the staff were and how they went out of their way to engage and interact and educate us on their food and concept. Yes, the food was a little slow but we were well aware of that and had expected it and it didn't hinder our dining experience. Very cute little restaurant and the mural on the wall is pretty awesome. 

This is a fantastic addition to the Olympic village area and I'm excited to try their brunch that they'll be launching soon as well as come back to try some baos during their lunch hour. What a great dinner we had tonight. Thanks Bao Down!"
"I came here the other day to chill with my good buddy Kent. He recommended this place since I've been having a weird Thai craving.

I've heard so much about Bao. I was actually surprised that there was a slight sweetness to it. This was my first time actually having Boa, therefore, not sure if the sweetness is a common thing or not but it reminded me of some other Asian bread (steam) pastries = love.

The service was okay, not rude and not friendly just dead pan service. 

The place was busy but not overly busy that our main dishes took a little longer than the average 25 minute time frame. The food came out with another dead pan look from a different server and no apologies made for the delay.

The actual Boa was amazing and fresh. I got 3 minis with veggies and peanut sauce. 

Most the items, with the exception of the grilled items, were very over priced for what it actually was. 

There music was 90's hip hop which was cool."
"Walking into the restaurant you know you're in a hip restaurant.  Tons of young people, loud music and just a cool vibe all around.  My friend had made reservations so we were promptly seated with no waiting around.  I was facing the wall but while the restaurant was full I think there was always spaces available.  Maybe the high tops are communal? This place was almost a 4 star but if you're called Bao Down, you really gotta nail those Bao dishes down.

For 3 of us I feel like we got a lot but I wanted to try everything.
The good:
Fried Chicken Wings
The short ribs - this was my favorite.  The short ribs was a tiny bit on the dry side but so flavorful and delicious.  I also enjoyed the garlic rice that came with it. 

Decent:
Khao soi with braised oxtail - Khao soi has good flavor but we thought one more piece of ox tail would have been nice

Skipping for next time:
The big boss with chicken - this dish sounded very interesting to be as I really like curry but I found it to be a little too sweet 
The special bao of the day - comes in an order of 3 which was perfect for us but this was the worst dish of the night.  I don't remember what was in it but the bao was not good.  It was hard and felt like it had been left out instead of being hot and soft.  We told the waitress but she just said sorry and didnt even try to rectify the problem.  All three of us just ate the filling and tossed the bao"
This place is fabulously delicious.... The fact that it's got low reviews pretty much makes it the best kept secret in Vancouver and no I don't work for them. Seriously, awesome fusion dishes that do everything from melt in your mouth to tantalize the tingly organs. Must try!!
"Came here for lunch with coworkers. Would highly recommend ordering fries for the tables. There were 10 of us so we ordered both kinds - kimchi fries and japayoki fries. Both were so delicious I can't pick a favorite.

I would recommend ordering 2 baos for lunch. There are so many to choose from you cant just pick one. I had the bao chicka bao bao (so fun to say!) and the Big Bang. I preferred the Big Bang - a bit more moist and more flavour.

One star off for pricing. Cheapest bao is about $6 and goes up to $10+. Given that one bao just isn't enough, it can add up which leads to a pricy meal. 

I'll definitely be coming back for more baos and to try their poke bowls. They played all my favourite 90s hip hop songs so that automatically gets an a+ in my books. Cool art on the walls definitely gives this place good vibes."
We did our date night there recently for dinner. We arrived before 6 pm so qualified for the happy hour savings. A great deal for the food and the drinks. The service was decent, although our server was fairly new as she was not familiar with the menu. Despite that, the food and ambience will ensure our return. Our favourite dish was the Bao Chicka Bao Bao! Simply delicious and not complicated. Everything about it was memorable. Our two Happy Hour appetizers were very yummy as well. Lots of patrons enjoying themselves so the noise was a little loud for conversations. We enjoyed our food and the service was good so we will be back again for dinner.
"Compared to the original bao down the place is trendier, more selections but also pricier.
The dinner is especially pricy but still yummy! The bao and fries are decent priced although some going to $10 per bao!
Value 2/5
Atmosphere 4/5
Service 4/5
Quality 3/5
13/20"
"Hip hop lovers rejoice! Finally a restaurant that serves fantastic food and caters to old school hip hop lovers. The mood in this restaurant is fun and upbeat, staff are super friendly and the food has not disappointed after 2 visits. 

They describe it as a fusion of Filipino/Hawaiian. I've tried the Fly Rice, and the Grilled Chicken (huli huli i think?) and each time I ate faster than I usually, on account of it being so tasty. Not only will I be back again, this is my new spot! 

Highly recommended"
"I believe their happy hour is the best deal in town. Amazing food, great prices, and oysters shuck for a buck with delicious condiments. Wait staff was also very friendly and attentive.

Had Bomber ipa, bang bang prawns, Royal miyagi oysters for less than 20 bucks. I was in a very happy place when I finished. Can't wait to take my friends there again."
"Went in for happy hour and boy was it delishhhh!! Love the concept not the prices. I'd only come back during happy hour for the buck a shuck and the half off appy. Call me Filipino and cheap oh and the last visit we had, we were stoked to finally try their cocktails but got shut down so quick by a server by telling us that they're understaffed and can't make drinks ..... Whaaaaaaaa??????? But the people sitting at the bar were getting them?! Okkkkk. Service was good except one of them seemed so hungry and kept giving hints to have an oyster or two.. I told her ""well you must have a break soon."" Then I see her shooting an oyster with the gentlemen across us. Classy. Rant of the day... Good food. Hungry employees. Happy hour only. EXTRA BAOS PLEASE!"
"Very skeptical is an understatement. I was trying to avoid coming here. 

Meet some friends for brunch today, and it was great. Food was uniquely prepared without being overdone, service was reasonable despite a packed restaurant, and the atmosphere was perfect for a busy brunch spot (slightly loud, energetic) . 

I had the beef hash, it was a good size, and served exactly the way I ordered. I also had their bao specialty, shock is really tasty and I would highly recommend. You could just have a couple of bao options and be satisfied. 

Others at the table posted a variety of dishes, and sections was happy. I also had a taste of the chocolate pancakes - awesome. 

Give this place a shot."
Came here with a party of six during their happy hour around 3 so we all got a variety of dishes I was able to try from. In my opinion the food was very delicious and our waitress, I dont recall her name but she had an accent, was very nice. I also enjoyed the decor of the place. The only complaints I have is that the limes in their dishes were all bad (3 dishes with limes) and I'm pretty sure the oil they used to fry their chips was bad judging by the smell and taste. It also took a while for our food to come out even though the place was pretty dead. If they could fix these things it would easily be a five stars.
"This is a very modern trendy place close to Olympic village in Vancouver.

We came with a group of 8. We enjoyed their drink selection although they were a bit pricy.

Overall the food and dishes are unique and tasty, however we felt the portions were small for the price. We had to order a few extra dishes for the table to fill up. Some of the dishes were a hit or miss!

Definitely a place to check out for a special occasion in the Olympic village"
"oh yeah! finally tried Bao down for some bao goodness...

being of filipino descent, ive always wanted to try this place...turns out, i made the happy hour 3-630pm..,perfect!! 

for my drink, trying the mango beer, which was highly recommended by the server. its a summer fruity beer which apparently good..one sip, yes!! so refreshing...

ordered the following bites...bai chicken bao, big bang bao ( crispy pork) ,yvr bao ( ahi tuna) , chicken wings ( fish sauce/garlic) , luau ( crispy pork belly), lobster mash...and pad thai..

the baos all came in 1 plate neatly arranged and perfectly presented. the actual white bun or bao was average. it was soft but dry. the usual chinese fluffiness was absent from the dough...the chicken bao was good. the chicken inside was made like a chicken finger...nice breading and seasoned well. problem was, fried too long so chicken was dry. same with the big bang crispy pork. the skin was over fried that it became a bit hard...the meat was kind dry and the whole bao lacked a touch of mayo or some dressing to make the sandwich moist. only the ahi tuna was spot on among all the baos. seared perfectly and pink at the center. generous cut of fish too. 

the crispy pork belly dish was good. not great but good. the lechon sauce was from a bottle, the pork itself was fried nicely. center was succulent and the skin crackling and crispy..,but the meat was bland and not seasoned well. no hint of salt or pepper or brining before frying...

the pad thai was ok. at least some of the flavours were there and catsup wasnt used...some fish sauce flavours but not that strong...

the dish at the bottom rung was the lobster mash....
the potatoes were not mashed properly and were lumpy. lobster essence wasn't present at all. yes there were lobster flakes, but the presence was not felt at all. even my kids didnt like the dish and they love mashed potatoes...

overall its mediocre food at premium prices with little quantity...i will not be repeating for sure. going to the flying pig next door is a better option in my opinion...

cheers! happy eating!!"
"Marlene and Christine were so great! Two thumbs up! 

I recommend the short ribs in peanut sauce, black scallops with curry, the viognier and La Petite Sauvignon blanc. 

Plenty of street parking around the area. 

It was a Saturday night at 8pm. We were a party of two with a baby stroller, and we were seated in 15 mins. 

Two entrees, two glasses of wine and 6 fancy oysters came to $100 with tax. 

Much love, bao down! We'll be back!"
Great food! My brother and I came by here for the first time and ordered the Westside Connection, oysters, Fly Rice, The Big Boss, and their beignets. All were delicious! Especially The Big Boss. I would definitely come back for that dish alone and also to try more things on their menu.
It's called Bao Down. Only one item on the entire menu actually comes with bao although the menu says all the appies come with them. Branding fail. Also beautiful prawns should not be disrespected by over cooking and cheap thai chili sauce.
Food was good but the sever was a bit scattered. Took longer than it should to order drinks and get the bill. It seemed like there was only one person taking orders and the other staff on the floor were just clearing tables
"I usually here mixed reviews about Bao Down, but when I hosted my b-day party there for 15 + ppl I was quite impressed.  

The service was friendly and very helpful.  

The oyster and sauces were very tasty and fresh tasting. Everyone was able to try and sample the variety that was available, but they did not stop chit chatting as it was an awesome atmosphere.  

There is a bit of an suggestion when it comes to the Bao.  I like the Bao .... but I kind of grew up eating Bao ... so I am cool with it... but it is slightly sweet and can be quite filling.  Also, it is important to eat it hot.  If it gets cold, it feel hard and dry.  

We really enjoyed the BBQ Short Ribs and The Boss ... well ... what can I say ... I am a big meat eater ... but the awesome thing was I got a papaya salad with my dish, which was awesome cuz I did not feel as bad ... but the papaya salad was a bit too sour as there was bit too much dressing ... but the portions were huge ... so I mixed it up.  The meat came on a bone, but when I lifted the bone ... the meat slid right off ... it was crazy tender and the flavors were pretty nicely fused.  I enjoy plates with multiple flavors and this dish was a great dish for me.  

My buddy got ""The Boss"" and he loved it.  He got half of it to go so he could save it for the next day as the curry was phenomenal. I will try this the next time I go.  

The music was awesome as they played some great tunes.  

My crew had a great time and we look forward to going back in the near future.  

The location is very convenient and the food was great.  There is a lot of street parking in the area and they are very accommodating in letting us stay late.  The restaurant is clean and comfortable.  The decor is interesting, may not be for everyone, but I liked it as it was very modern.  

It was a good chao down at Bao Down ... uh was that too cheesy?"
"I have had excellent service both times I have visited. The staff are extremely friendly and the food is awesome! I have tried the oysters, the Baos, and probably my favourite, the kimchi poutine. 

Drinks are decent, their wine selection is pretty great too. Come with a group and try as many things as you can, they all have great flavour. Only downside for me was that they only had one type of oyster when I visited. Definitely will be going back!"
I don't know how or why this gastro pub is only rated 3 stars! Their food is unique and amazing! Ic you get tired of eating the same ol and love to try something different I promise you'll love their food! Just make sure you order their popular or recommended dishes! I've been there 3 or 4 times already and will definitely keep going!!
Have been here twice for buck a shuck and hosted a party there recently. Staff was attentive and well trained. Food was on point in what we requested for the party; filling and tasty. The bao buns were a hit with our guests as well as the kimchi fries. Space is trendy, cosy, and warm at the same time; if that's even possible. Owner was more than accommodating. Would recommend this place for a quick drink and some oysters or a nice spot for dinner with friends for the good service, tasty fusion food, and trendy vibes. What was memorable for me was the staff and owner went above and beyond to make our party a great night.  **oh yea and love the consistent play of old school hip hop beats. Hard go find in this city**
"Still in their soft open phase so it's hard to truly do a review. They definitely have some kinks to work out but I'm excited to see what they have in store 

I stopped in last night and it was already busy. The new location is pretty spacious and has some cool decor include a sweet mural on the wall. 

Their menu was a little confusing so hopefully they'll work that out. So far they don't have any Baos available at that location but should shortly. The menu has a mix of different dishes like rices, noodles, appies and the separate oyster bar menu. 

Prices are a little high, about $15-20 a dish but the portions are huge which is a nice bonus. 

I ended up getting the ""same same but different"" dish. It was pad Thai with an omelette. It was a lot of food and fairly tasty. I'd probably try something else next time though. 

I'll definitely go back after they smooth out the opening wrinkles but I look forward to having Baos available closer to home."
"Had such a great lunch today with my good friend. We loved all the recommendation From our knowledgeable server. And the flavours of everything were AMAZING! So recommend anyone goin there for a relaxed lunch. 
Ps. The music was really talkin me back ... kinda liked it"
"Wow!  A Vancouver restaurant with some atmosphere AND killer food.

I went here on a Friday night and it was just what I like in a restaurant.

Fun, loud, happy, just a great vibe.

As for the food, it was outstanding.

They do a great job with the raw bar and the Asian fusion thing.  I only tried one ""bao"" (the chicken) and it was good, but honestly it's the other dishes I would go for:

The poke and the pork shoulder are must gets.

The chicken ""wing like"" apple is killer as well.

Didn't get any dessert, but there was a decent choice of draft beer and wines.  Didn't pay attention to the spirits.

I would strongly encourage you to go and check this place out.  Probably more fun for a larger group so you can try more of the dishes.

Note: went back again on a Monday and it was much quieter, totally different vibe, but still awesome good.

Either way, you can't go wrong with the food, just depends on if you want a fun, loud night out, or a quiet chill evening.  Either way, the food will be incredible!"
"I've been to the Gastown location a couple of times but it was my first time visiting with friends at their Gastropub + Raw Bar. It was on a Monday afternoon right when they opened and our group of 5 were the first customers so it wasn't bust at all. 

This location was similar to their Gastown branch which we felt had a hiphop vibe in a hipster setting. Definitely a very unique in terms of their architecture and layout of the dining area. Since it is an Asian/Hawaiian Fusion restaurant, there are lots of refurbished wood around the walls and for the tables and nice lighting. There is also a graffiti mural which really draws attention and their set up was unique for their type of food.

With a name like Bao Down, it was obvious we had to get baos, 3/5 of us ordered different baos: Vevo 3.0, Bao Chicka Bao Bao, and 2 Worlds Collide for all under $10. While the other 2 got the Grilled Chicken Breast Inasal ($14) and the Lettuce Wraps with Sizzling Pork ($14). My bao, Vevo 3.0, was vegan and included ingredients such as shiitake mushrooms, avocado, bean sprouts, and arugula. The flavours were very remnant to a pork siopao and was flavourful but was just a small. My friends enjoyed their baos but found the chicken to be dry after a few bites. We also shared the Japayoki Fries (coconut curry w/ pork) and the Kimchi Fries for $7 each for the smaller serving. These fries were different and overall these were dishes that we all enjoyed and simple but some of them were just at a higher price point.

Our server was very friendly, but she kept the conversation to a minimum which we liked. She also mentioned the daily specials and made recommendations of what was popular and what she really liked. The food got to the table in only less than 15 minutes and we all got our food at the same time. We said we would definitely come back to this location and perhaps try their Island Brunch and cocktails. I would definitely recommend this place to try new and tasty Asian Fusion meals and a good place to hang out with groups of people."
"Fantastic food, great vegetarian options and half price bottles of wine Wednesday. 

Restaurant was packed but our food came out super quick. My boyfriend ordered several dishes because it looked so good and everything that came out was A+ for presentation and taste."
"Have been anticipating the ""open for lunch"" sign for a week and I happened to be the first lunch customer at this location! (no prize but the staff was awesome).  The place has a great upbeat vibe and is quite different than anything at Olympic Village. Olympic Village is finally getting some cool factor!  The food was really good and the lunch prices were even better.   The food was as good as it sounds in my descriptions below
I had the BAo Cicka Bao Bao for $6.00.   Garlic and lemongrass fried chicken (was not greasy), daikon, crisp garlic, fish sauce glaze (don't let that scare you..its not fishy by any means) carrot and garlic mayo.   Was the perfect size and I think 2 bao's would make a perfect lunch but I only had one because I also had ...

the Kimchi Fries for $5.00.  Warning.. the ""small"" is really big and I could hardly finish it.
Housemade double fried Kennebec potato fries, crispy pork belly (hints of crackling... was a generous portion) (could have opted for the grilled mushrooms). garlic mayo, bean sprouts , sweet soy, scallions and crispy garlic.   This could have been a meal in itself but for the cheap prices I decided to also get the bao as mentioned.   

Lunch was delish, service was great, love the fact that there is plenty of seating unlike other restaurants in the area where one has to often wait for seating if going for lunch at noon.   
Welcome to the neighborhood.   I will be back.    
****today was just a soft opening so only the bao' sandwiches were available and the kimchi fries. looking forward to trying the soupos and bowls once they are in full operation for lunch**"
Awesome hangover food, trendy hangout and good location. It's only their second brunch service and the nailed it!
The patio is super nice and has a lot of plants. Very relaxing and beautiful place to sit. We shared 4 bao's between 2 people and also ordered the Hawaiian Tuna Poke. We tried the YVR, VeVO 90210, Jaws and 2 worlds collide! I really liked their baos but I wished the bao itself was warmer but it was soft and still very good. My really enjoyed the jaws and 2 worlds collide. The poke was very flavourful and seasoned well while not being overly salty which was nice. I really enjoyed the corn chips that came with it and how it was eaten and the server even offered to give us more. It was very good and what I expected. I would definitely come back to check out some of their dinner foods. I really like how their menu incorporates so much variety and is very multi-cultural.
Just ok. A bit pricey for the portions in my opinion. Presentation is great but the bao wasn't as tender and juicy as the first time
Had the Same Same But different Pad Thai.  It was good.  The Kimchi Fries were good too!  Didn't realize kimchi can go well with fries!   We were for weekday lunch and it was not busy at all.  In fact, we were the first customers at noon.  The ambience is nice, the menu theme is kinda confused.  It's not 100% Filipino.  It's a fusion of more than one type of Asian cuisine.  The prices are a bit expensive.  I guess if you're near the Flying Pig, you gotta be 'competitive' with pricing.  I would give it another shot, just because I want to try more of the Filipino cuisines.
"I really like the food here. Its quite interesting because with the entrees, the portions are huge. Came here with S and we ordered:
              Bone Marrow & Herb Butter Shrimp
              Island Style BBQ Berkshire Pork
              Halo Halo Ice Cream
The Bone Marrow was very delicious. Lots of flavor. It came with 4 small baos and also Thai coleslaw. The baos were fried and it went very well with the bone marrow. I personally really like the dish. 

The Island Style BBQ berkshire Pork was very interesting. It has lot of flavor to it. The pork reminded me of beef jerky but thicker. Love the potatoe salad. It was light and but at the same time refreshing.

We finished off with Halo Halo ice cream. The ice cream is not something you can easily get from elsewhere. Its white in color. Nice and rich in flavor but at the same time its light.

Ambiance was nice. The tables were a bit awkward because they were super long. So it did feel like I was a bit far or distanced from the person sitting in front of me. But again their plates were quite big so probably that is why. The place is not quiet. 

Service was pretty good. 

Best part is that there are free street parking near by. We parked across the street.

I really like the food and will definitely come back."
"On a sunny summer evening I decided to catch up with a friend over dinner during their happy hour at this location. 

I have visited this joint a few times and have become quite a fan of their food specially their happy hour menu.

The decor is very shabby chic, lots of nice lighting with long wooden tables and a nice bar giving you a chance to look at what is happening in the kitchen. They also play 90's rap which sets the mood specially if you are with a large group of friends.

Our sever was quite friendly and gave me some good suggestions on what to order. We started off with oysters which were presented with an array of delicious sauces and were very fresh and tasty. Then we tried a couple of the Bao's, where the bun is so fluffy and light. Personally I liked the chicken Bao the best and would order it again. I then ordered the Pad Thai which was tasty but lacked shrimp so that'd be my only complaint. 

Overall I highly recommend this place as a great place to eat and hang out."
"The place look so nice and was packed with people when we were there. 
Located on the corner of 2nd and Manitoba the Bao down is a upscale neighbourhood Asian fusion restaurant. 
I took out pad Thai and unfortunately didn't enjoy the flavours too much but I'll give it another try before completing this review"
Really great food! Everything tasted good, from the lettuce wrap to the flan. The waiters were really nice, and very helpful. Service was a little slow, but reasonable since it was a super busy night. Will come back!
"Really loved the Gastown spot, so when my friend wanted to come here for her birthday dinner, I was excited about what this location could offer.

Monday to Thursday specials. Came here on a Thursday night - $10 super cocktails (original $15). we tried the mule and highlander; both enjoyed the Mule more but depending on what you like, Highlander was good, a little bit too sour for my liking.

Food was good. Ordered Pad Thai - mediocre, typical Thai dish that wasn't superb compared to other Thai restaurants in vancouver.  The Fly Rice - pork belly, greens, chili sauce, egg on rice - this was also not exceptional - it was a westernized Asian dish. tasty but meh. Luau - best dish of the night - crispy pork belly - love the sauce and texture.  Lastly, Curry dish - 2nd best dish. It was delicious and a huge portion.  Some of us thought it was super spicy, others couldn't taste it...so totally up to your taste buds. Noodles were yummy and they had some crunch on top that added texture. 

Overall, I would come back to try other dishes. I gave this place 3 stars because the music was way too loud. We had to inch closer to each other (6 of us), talk louder, it was annoying.  It wouldn't hurt to turn the music down just a tad."
"Came here for brunch on a Saturday with a group of 5. It was the first day of their new Hawaiian Brunch Menu. We decided to order one of each menu item to share. Every dish was delicious but I especially liked the Avocado Tuna Toast and the Pork Belly Cinammon Roll. To drink, I ordered a virgin Filipina Colada. 

Also really enjoyed their 90s/early 2000s playlist :)"
More stars for effort than results but it's only soft open and we weren't in awe of the whole meal. I would go the prawns and I would try again, living in the area.  There were a few more items to try in the menu and the staff was definitely great.
Baos were good as usual. Tried the japayoki fries, which weren't as good as the kimchi fries. I also ordered the poke bowl with soy sauce, it was way too salty and saucy. I couldn't finish it because there was just too much of the dressing.
"Bomb ass food!! 

We had the kamayan, chicken bao, and pork bao, and everything was delicious! There were 7 people in my party, but we couldn't finish the food. It was definitely a lot! So be sure to come hungry. Out of all the selections on the kamayan, my favorite was the pad thai. Definitely coming back here and bringing other friends and family here!"
The bao buns were good, and the service was friendly. However, the kimichi fries were so-so. I probably wouldn't recommend going if your time is limited as the food didn't surprise me with amazement, but was good.
Veggie lettuce wraps were great, the coconut breaded prawns were decent, especially with their sauces. The service wasn't great.
"The food is interesting. A lot of fusion type stuff, but I found that the sauce was a bit lacking in taste and quantity. I had some grilled mushrooms, and it seemed to have been marinated but I found it rather bland. Perhaps the marinade didn't actually stick to the mushrooms. 
My friend had a pork dish but it was deep fried and dry and required constant dipping into the sauce. Perhaps we ordered the worse dishes, but it was a bit disappointing. 
The portions are decently sized, and the staff were friendly and prompt."
"Very interesting experience

I am a bit shocked by the low reviews because the experience I had was delightful. My waiter was efficient and nice and VERY accommodating. I do agree that the price is high, but it's a lit the same as bao bei and other fusion restaurant. Yes this place doesn't have air conditioning, but the cold beer made up for it:)"
The food is decent here but too bad the service is pretty bad.   The servers are ok when they are around . It wasn't busy tonight but the servers kept disappearing.   We ordered a few items and they came back saying they weren't available so we had to choose something else.   Food portions were decent and tasted good.   There are only two desserts on the menu but the one that we wanted to order was not available.  Seriously?   Why doesn't the kitchen have all the menu items available?   It's no wonder it's not busy at this place.   I gave them 3 stars because of the service.    It's very unfortunate.
I had the Kamayan platter with my family. Food was delicious. Service was great. Better dessert selection would make it 5 stars.
This is a review of their happy hour. Generous pours and good food! We had an assortment of their baos, shrimp, and their kimchi fries, all were tasty and satisfying. Can't remember all the baos we had ordered but I remember liking them all. Definitely worth a repeat visit.
The food is decent here but too bad the service is pretty bad.   The servers are ok when they are around . It wasn't busy tonight but the servers kept disappearing.   We ordered a few items and they came back saying they weren't available so we had to choose something else.   Food portions were decent and tasted good.   There are only two desserts on the menu but the one that we wanted to order was not available.  Seriously?   Why doesn't the kitchen have all the menu items available?   It's no wonder it's not busy at this place.   I gave them 3 stars because of the service.    It's very unfortunate.   Oh and the music is way too loud.   Turn it down !
"Having been to the original Bao Down in Gastown plenty of times, I was excited sit down at a proper meal at this Bao Down location. I had ordered take-out from this location before and the pad thai/chicken bao were good. 

When I physically came to eat here though - my kimchi fries were cold and my friends' baos and veggie wrap were lacking in flavour. Not really sure what happened there."
Ordered the YVR bao, and the bao chicka baobao, crab n corn chowder, fly rice and the port louis pork rib and liked all of their dishes.  Size was plenty with left overs for 2 people.  Most impressed with the server/bartender, he was super attentive and friendly.  Will definitely come again!
"Four stars for the man I ate their pad Thai with.   We got take away so as to enjoy the summer weather but man that dish is flavourful and packed with chicken.  

They do take out. 
They serve beer.  
Check it out - it is small-medium sized restaurant so come early if you have a big group.  Patio seating also available."
Tried this place for the first time today. Went at a great time as it wasn't crowded. I ordered the Bao Chicka Bao Bao and the Big Bang Bao. They were both good. I like the chicken one better though. They were pretty small to be $4 each. And they ran out of lumpia which is what I looked forward to
Service was good, 5/5. Friendly staff and accommodating. Food was good - not superb, but cooked well & tasted fresh.  The tables are crammed together inside and I wished they had a bigger selection of baos on their menu! I think baos are a key success factor for their brand and they should incorporate more bao options into their Olympic village menu. If more baos were available I'd change my rating to 4 stars overall.
"Hipster bar/Filipino/Hawaiian/Korean fusion.  Ok, Ok, so that made you more confused.  Just go already, and figure it out for yourself.  

We visited Bao Down on a Sunday mid morning and got the chance to sample the Island Brunch menu.  The place wasn't busy at all.  They've got the hiphop/hipster vibe going on in there.  Wait, is there such a thing? Maybe it's more like a hiphop vibe, in a hipster setting.  At any rate, it was a unique set up for the type of food.  

Now, with a name like Bao Down, we had to have the bao.  If you've never had it before, don't worry, it's pretty tame.  Steamed bun. Yup, that's all there is to it.  I had the Morning Glory, and with ingredients like longanisa, bacon, egg, cheese, and garlic mayo, how couldn't I?
The bao was unfortunately a bit dry, so it started to crack at the fold, but I held it together and ate it quick.  It was yummy.   A bit bigger than the others and a bit more pricey as well.  I was stuffed with just the one, but I got greedy and ordered the 3 sheets.  It was more the size of the bao I'm used to.  It had Korean glazed bacon, egg, and cheese.  Simple.  

A few other dishes that made it to the table were the fly rice and the Hot Stuff (chicken and waffles).  They looked amazing, but at a higher price point as well.  The rice could possibly be shared by 2 people, but my friend killed it all by himself.  The rice itself was a bit dry, and for 10:00 in the morning, seemed like it was yesterday's rice, but the flavors were good.  I think my friend liked his Hot Stuff since there wasn't anything left on his plate.  

Our server was friendly, but kept conversation at a minimum.  The food did take a bit longer to come out, but the wait time wasn't excessive.   Next time I'm coming for a cocktail and some loco moco."
I LOVE this place. From the old skool music, cool art mural, friendly staff, and amazing food this place is on my go to list for sure! The fusion flavours are amazing I can't wait to come back and try more. There's nowhere else in Vancouver you can get this vibe. Best place to book your dinner party. It's worth the wait!!
Very average fusion. Didn't enjoy the chicken wings. The Baos were alright. We enjoy the mussels, pad Thai, and kale dip. The best items on the menu among sharing a bunch of plates with friends were probably their fries. That's not a good sign. However, if you were only coming for the happy hour, it's worth the value. The service was great.
"Stopped by for lunch cuz I wanted to try a Bao. 
Honestly I was pretty disappointed..."
BC oysters are buck a shuck all night long. The vegetarian mushroom main I had was hearty and delicious. Khao Soi noodle soup had just enough heat and portions were so hefty it felt like we chowed down on half a chicken. Get the halo halo for dessert. Lots of Asian sweet toppings and a creme caramel! Great way to end the evening.
Tried this place a few times now, I think my favorite thing here are the kimchi fries.  Crunchy fries with bits of deep fried pork belly, topped with bean sprouts, kimchi, and a mayo sauce.  Everything else was decent but I feel like the flavours were lacking in the baos, if they added more sauce to them they would be much better.  We also tried the poke bowl, I would say it has potential, but there was a fishy taste that I can't determine if it came from the fish or the seaweed they put in it.  Anyways, try the kimchi fries.
"I couldn't deal with the noise level here, the restaurant was only about a 1/3 full, but the tables are very wide and you end up closer to other patrons than the person sitting across from you. Then add the loud music and having conversation is impossible. We were trying to chat about something very private and had to ask to be moved to an empty section because the strangers next to me could hear me better than my date. 

The food was great, except the vegetarian bao, which was very bland. We enjoyed the meat baos and the short rib curry - it is quite a large serving. Which leads me to the next disappointment, which is that we asked for our leftovers to be boxed up and they were never brought to us. We left about 15 minutes later and realized that we never got our leftovers when we were a few blocks away, and decided not to bother walking back as the weather was not great.

Don't plan on returning here unless whoever I'm with is super-keen on it."
"I've had better baos. Their buns were soggy, did not taste fresh at all.

An interesting selection of baos to choose from, the McDowell is kind of like a Big Mac. Had to try it and it was pretty good but the ""burger"" meat inside was tasteless and over cooked. I also think the prices of their baos are a little high."
The lemongrass chicken dish I had was delicious but overall for the price you pay I was expecting a lot more. It has a good ambience and the design of the restaurant is nice but they were blasting loud hip hop and pop music making it difficult to make conversation. In addition the tables were abnormally long meaning you REALLY had to shout to talk to the person across from you. We also got the prawn appetizer which was pretty disappointing. I'm planning on trying their other location to see if it's an improvement on this one. All in all, it might be worth trying but I think you can find better food for a better price elsewhere.
"Had seen this place mentioned a few times by friends who had been here so I thought I'd give it a shot.  Food was decent, service definitely needs work.  (and looking at other reviews, it seems this isn't a one off complaint)

We ordered the ahi tuna poke, Bao chicka bao bao and the short ribs to be shared for our meal.  The poke was good - with a different twist on traditional poke (they used a rice cake with some nori instead of a bed of rice which was actually pretty decent).  The chicken baos were decent- though the chicken was a bit on the dry side.  The short ribs weren't great - taste wasn't great (the sauce was lumpy and tasted a bit different to what I was expecting) - not something I would order again but maybe it's a one off.

In any case, my biggest complaint was with the service.  The restaurant wasn't particularly busy on this day - maybe 60% full so you can't really blame it on the place being busy.  Normally, at most places, you'll get your appetizers first, then your entrees after you've finished the appies.  I found it kind of strange that maybe 5 minutes after ordering, our short ribs showed up along with the baos.  About 10 minutes later, our appetizers (the poke) showed up.  This meant our entree ended up getting cold while we ate our appies.  Pretty unusual and shows a bit of a lack of attention to detail.  Never saw the server come back, and never came back to refill my beverage (which was a Coke - so I figured there would be a refill).  Only time he came back was to give us the bill.

In any case, it looks like Bao Down might need to take a good look at their customer service and maybe improve on this.  In a city full of great restaurants, service is a big differentiator and can make or break a restaurant.  The food is decent - though I'd probably say read some reviews to see what their best items are and stick to that and don't get too adventurous."
Stopped by here while visiting some family and enjoyed all the food! I had a sampler of 3 different baos and loved each one, although the vegan one was by far my favorite. I tried some of my husband's longasilog plate and loved that they toasted the pandesal. I would love to come back here to try more of their selection the next time I'm in town!
One of the hottest joints to hit the Olympic village. Fresh take on Filipino, Thai and Taiwanese dishes. 2 different menus, brunch or dinner and both are intense. I had the fried chicken and waffles. Insane. Spicy, sweet and savoury. The dinner menu wasn't taken lightly. They have a dizzying assortment of fresh oysters to choose from. We had a party of 4 and ordered 2 dozen variety of oysters. The homemade sauces were delicious. Then the bang bang prawns, the west side connection crab cakes, and the chicken wings. Best chicken wings in Vancouver. Bar none. The Alberta beef short rib was like crack. It should be illegal. Make sure to order it with the garlic fried rice. For any Filipino it would taste like Saturday morning from your childhood. Bao down does it right. Creative and traditional. Energetic staff and 90's hip hop to boot. Not enough stars to rate this place!
"We had brunch at the newly opened Bao down location on Second street. Very loud music playing, very high energy mural on one wall, and rustic/urban wood on the other. Shared a 'Three Sheets' Bao and the 'Hot Stuff' chicken waffles with my wife. There was a mix up getting our order to the kitchen, but the staffed noticed and the waitress came by after 15 minutes to let us know the food would only be a couple of more minutes, then another staff ran up to assure us our food was coming. The Bao was very good, larger than teh bao I've had elsewhere, nice meat in it with eggs. Very tasty. The 'Hot stuff' did not fare as well, I suspect it was sitting around while they sorted things out. The chicken was very good, but the eggs were a bit rubbery by this point - looks like they would have been good if fresh, and the waffles were a bit dry. Only syrup on one of the three waffles pieces.

I'm giving three stars because the Bao was excellent, and the staff worked hard to fix their error. Maybe the waffles are good if fresh. Willing to give them another try."
Came here for an early dinner with a friend on a Wednesday evening. Amazing food and great staff. We shared a couple of appies - the bone marrow prawns and pork belly dishes were to die for! The staff was friendly and funny, the ambiance was warm and welcoming - I'll definitely be back.
What a great pre-theatre experience! Cool, refreshing wine; fresh, plump, raw BC oysters with lemon (and three sauces); a wonderfully tasty tuna poke with seaweed slices and rice wafers, followed by the silkiest, most delicious flan we had ever tasted. The service from our two attentive, patient waiters matched the quality of the food: excellent! Bravo Bao!
Great place to come for happy hour. Tried a variety of dishes and all of them where good. Depending on what you order some food can be spicy but still tastes good. I'd recommend coming here and trying a few different items since there are so many different ways of ordering items. If your in the area it's definitely worth checking out. Looking forward to my next visit here.
"We went there few times for lunch & dinner.. 
It's a 3 1/2 stars quality of their unique fusion style of filipino cuisine and friendly staffs. 

it was such an amazing experience with a group of friend  to enjoyed their Boodle Fight Feast together.. 
It mixed with seafood, BBQ meat & Vegi.. it had different kind of taste and done it well.. 
you gotta try it and you know it."
I have never eaten Bao so I honestly don't have any other Bao to compare it to. I ordered 2 BRB chicken Bao and it was amazing! Hot and crispy and chicken was still juicy. The hot sauce they used was decent and the truffle parm fries were amazing.
Met the owner and wow! What a nice guy!! Been meaning to dine here for a while and was pleasantly surprised that they have several Vegan options. I've posted a few here. They will also alter their mains to accommodate Vegan friendly diners. Was pleasantly surprised. Really liked the kimchi fries. Service was fine, the atmosphere was very pubby and black decor which sort of feels dinjy but overall good vibes here. Will go back to try more of the Bao dishes which o missed this time.
Awesome food! I wanted to try the Beef Curry but had to settle for the chicken. Absolutely delicious. This place is on my favourite list now.
"Excellent food, delicious drinks - great service and awesome old school tunes.  
Definitely worth stopping in to try their version of bao. Excellent cocktails as well - we sat at the bar and had great service. Lots of food people watching too :)"
"Staff was friendly. Restaurant had a nice feel. Very cozy. I went around 1:30pm on a rainy Saturday and it was quiet. However, we had to wait a long time for our food (2 dishes). And when the food came, I was kinda shocked. The tater tots are definitely the same kind I buy in a store, and everything in the Fairmont sandwich seemed previously frozen. The sausage patties seem like the kind I've bought from Costco in the freezer section. Each slice of bread was probably 1.5""! So 3"" of bread, definitely not practical. I mean, it was enormous, but it wasn't a $15 sandwich. Half the sandwich was bread."
"I went to Bao Down, for the second time, on a Monday evening for a friend's birthday.
We had a party of about 15 ppl and they accommodated us on the long high top table in the center. Apart from us, the place was still rarely busy. 

The service was good, the server check up on us at good intervals and we managed to get our orders fairly fast.

Monday's is great for specials. Basically all the specials for the week are available including $12 for 2 imported beers, buy 2 appetizers get 1 free, half bottle wines, and others.

Their menu has a range of items from filling snacks, appetizers, to entrees. I ordered the kimchi fries and the bao chicka bao bao. The serving size is very filling and each costing $12-15. I probably would have been fine just getting the bao. I enjoyed the kimchi fries, nice mixture of the kimchi and cheese. The fries remained crispy for the most part. However, I found it hard to eat since there was a mountain of sprouts on top-it got kind of messy. The bao was also good. It had nice flavor-very filling.

Overall, bao down has a good range of food and specials. It's a nice place to have some after work dinner and drinks. Entrees can be a bit pricey $20+."
"This new restaurant has a really cool vibe, great street views and TVs to catch an NBA game if you wish. The owners are often present and very approachable, friendly fellas. 
The food here is unique, incredibly flavourful and reasonably priced. 
The four of us sampled a number of entrées and left quite pleased with everything, not leaving a single morsel on our plates. 

Bang bang prawns are so Good! Order a few more Bao's on the side for more people and you won't regret it. Singapore slaw was flavorful salad that everyone at the table enjoyed, even the picky ones.Fraser Valley Huli Huli Chicken is a great meal, excellent portion to share amongst two people.

Did not have a chance to try their beignets (English fritters) however if they are anything like their Gastown location, I am sure they are consistently awesome.
I can't wait to visit this place for Happy Hour one day to see what they offer, can't say enough good things about the range of pan pacific delicacies you can choose from here.

Thanks"
"I tried their ""three sheets"" brunch bao and it was great! There was bacon in this bao. The bao itself tasted like a regular bao and it seems to be pretty authentic (imo)! 

I ate one bao and it kept me satisfied! The meal itself costed approximately $5 plus taxes. So it was decent but I would have wanted around one more to keep me full. 

I ordered take out and the service was amazing and pretty quick! I would come back again for any of their baos! 

Overall I give this bao down a 4.5 because their service is great and pretty quick! And their food is great as well!"
Buns weren't bad but because the sauces were leaking out, the bottoms were soggy and falling apart. The part that wasn't soaked was light and fluffy. The crispy pork wasn't light and crispy as one would expect, but rather hard and tough (2 worlds collide and crispy pork belly). The yvr bao was well done as was the bao Chika bao bao. Also $22 for 4 baos are a pretty good deal in my books but the two chicken satay skewers for $10 was a complete rip off considering the size of them. Would I return? Probably not for the price and quality especially in comparison to the quality of the baos I've had at baodown in New York City.
"I've been here a couple of times and we really enjoy their fusion take on Asian food! Their Bao's feel like soft pillows and they have a variety of options for you to try. They even have vegan options! I also recommend their ""adobo brussel sprouts"", I'm not a huge fan of this vegetable but I have ordered them every single time I am there. It is definitely pricey! So I only go there when I feel like spending a little extra. They often have deals going on too which is a bonus."
Their bao are light and fluffy and the luau pork is so crispy and yummy!  Luau Pork dinner portion is good for the money but the short ribs is small...could see a few more pieces especially it is the most expensive dish on the menu.  Bao bites are beignets but nothing close to real beignets or donuts.  Will go back for baos and luau pork!
"This was my first time at this place. A group of us got there around 5pm - we wanted to eat some good Bao and have a few drinks. It was a gorgeous afternoon so we got a table on the patio. The table was dirty but it was cleaned once we sat down. We were told that it was happy hour all day long and that the food on the menu were cheap. My friends who have been there many times before said this wasn't the case (food wasn't cheaper). 

The Bao was probably the best. Buns were nice and soft. The fillings were okay - we ordered four different types - ahi tuna, chicken, crab and pork. The crab was quite good but I felt the others were too dry and needed some sauce to balance it out. 

I am giving this a 3 star because we were disappointed with the server, who took my glass away when I still had about 2 sips of the Calamansita left. Because he had already grabbed the glass, I decided not to say anything. He already reach out for my plate and I was like ""I'm not done yet"". The service was pretty poor; I should probably give it a 2 star but the cocktail was quite good, hence the 3 stars. 

I would go back for a drink and some Bao but I'd probably ask for a different server. 
My constructive feedback - I strongly recommend asking customers if they're done rather than assuming they're done and taking away their plates and drink glasses. Cocktails aren't cheap and we want to make the most of what we pay for."
Service and ambience was excellent but the food.. I really want to like the place but I felt every item, baos and kimchi pork fries included were just okay, maybe a little subpar. The fries were tasty but I wouldn't pay $13 for them, $9 with happy hour is okay. There was barely any pork in the fries. Baos were a bit of a let down, the meat part wasn't very flavourful, was mostly the hot sauce for one of the baos that gave it flavour.
Dropped in to the Olympic village location for happy hour and had a great time. We shared some appys and drinks. Brussel sprouts were outstanding. Felt COVID safe and service was great.
Nice bao!  We had soft shell crab, Bao Chicken Bao Bao, pork skewers, and ahí tuna(forget the name). Roasted Brussel sprouts and green papaya salad. All good. Asian tacos!  Sat outside. Service is rough but good; I think they were a but short staffed that night.
Decided to check this place out with friends while in Vancouver. The service was good and the waiter was nice and on the ball. It has a tiny little patio and it was a nice day so we thought we'd enjoy some good grub. The papaya salad was ok. The chicken wings were quit rubbery and not your typical chicken wings but maybe it's just the cultures way of cooking them? Who knows? The wraps were very fishy. We had to send them back. Didn't like them at all. The food had pretty nice presentations but all three of us weren't all that impressed. My friend never finished his ribs and the cauliflower was fried in which we thought it would be baked. No wow factor and would not repeat. I'll give it a three star due to the service and location but wasn't feeling the food too much. The coconut shrimp was average.
"This place is okay. Nothing to write home about but if you're in the area and don't want the busy atmosphere of places nearby (craft, tap and barrel), then this will fit the bill for you.

Their bao's are delicious and they have a good variety but I always feel as though their other menu items are overpriced for what they are.
Went in with a friend and ordered the tuna and we only got four crisps to eat it with. No offer for more or even if we wanted to pay for more.
I don't know how anyone could eat that much with just four pieces.

Service was mellow as there were only three tables in the restaurant and one server on the floor.
It was a weekday at around 7 so I'm not sure if and when they pick up.

Overall, it's not terrible but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to check it out."
Came here the first time and the baos were soggy. Came here w second tome and mentioned it and bam. Delicious. They have. A good deal where you can get 4 baos for around $22. They're a good portion size and definitely enough for a lunch. I had the yvr, the pork belly, the spicy chicken one (sorry can't remember the name!) and the bao chicka bao bao. My favourite  was definitely the latter. Good sized crispy meat and the bao was super light fluffy and sweet.
I was really happy with the service here! We went for happy hour at around 4pm and the service was really quick and attentive. As a Filipino myself, I have a high bar with Asian fusion restaurants that include Filipino dishes, but this one did not disappoint! The portion sizes were great, and the corn is a must try. Bao down is always a go-to for us when friends visit from out of town.
"It pains me to write this but we came for brunch last weekend and it was pretty bad. I had always wanted to come for brunch but it was a let down. I am keeping three stars because I have come for Happy Hour and enjoyed it more. The appies 

I got the chicken and waffles - what enticed me was the ube waffles plus the toppings and it was stale and hard. I couldn't cut through my waffle at all. The chicken was hot and fresh and tasty but I didn't just come to eat chicken. 

My boyfriend got a Benny topped with Filipino sausage (I think longanisa) and a side of salad and tater tots. He said it was sweet and not interesting. 

My boyfriends sister got the tater tot explosion. It was certainly filling and the tater tots were crispy, pork belly crispy and tasty and other various meats were tossed in too, but she said the amount of meat was overwhelming. I mean, as carnivores, it sounds pretty great but she stopped just past half way. I nibbled away at her left overs after feeling disappointed for my own meal so that might speak further to mine. 

Anyways the whole experience was pretty subpar. I'd skip out on brunch and come for Happy Hour or dinner."
Super overrated spot. The staff are friendly as can be and the whole place looks and feels like but the food is just so MEH. I feel like anyone who hasn't had real asian food might find this place trendy, quirky or something along those lines but it's flavorless and uninspired.
"I've been here twice. Once for brunch and one for their happy hour. The latter is I think one of the best in the area. 

We had the chicken and waffles and loco moco when we went for brunch. Both were decadent, extremely filling and full of flavour. The loco moco made me miss eating in Hawaii!

For happy hour they serve $5 house wine and Steamwhistle, $4 baos, half price appies and buck a shuck for west coast oysters. Most places offer one oyster variety but here we had three. All were delicious. 

For the appies their poke is a yummy take on the classic (excellent value at happy hour) and you get a choice of ahi or albacore tuna, salmon or a veggie version. We had the albacore with their gojuchang miso. Spicy but not too saucy. We also had the Luau pork belly (three generous portions) And bone marrow prawn ( served with a cheesy Pesto sauce). I am so full at this point I had to be rolled out the door.

The service is good. Friendly group. The reason I reduced the rating was that service was slow and the oysters came last; odd considering they're usually out before cooked food generally. Either way I am definitely coming back."
Went for happy hour and we ordered their HH sangria pitcher, and ordered a bunch of appetizers, from BRB Bao (each ordered own Bao as this is not shareable), honey garlic & spicy Thai chicken wings, Tuna Poke, Brussel sprouts, tempura cauliflower, and Parmesan fries. All was good. I didn't get to try the Firecracker breaded shrimp and do not eat pork. The waitress asked if she could split all of the appys among us since it was hard to tell who was having what appy. The bill was so reasonable for HH so much that I wasn't aware it already included 18% gratuity and I doubled the tip again when I paid, since the machine asked me how much to tip, my bad not to check the bill but since we were quite a few ppl, never hurts to double tip when you're in a larger group. Would go back for the Bao.
The vey fusion baos are quite interesting take on the Taiwanese bao. Worth trying them out. However, the serving size is very small for lunch menu, both the bowls and the baos. I wish they were bigger or have some baos come in 3 pieces per order for a more filling lunch.
"Food and service were good overall but was slightly disappointed by the misleading menu. I came specifically for brunch and wasn't able to order it. 

The menu CLEARLY states Brunch is served on weekends and holidays. When I came here on the labour day holiday and tried to order brunch, I was told they only serve it on weekends. When I asked why the menu says weekends and holidays, the waitress didn't seem to know that Labor Day is a holiday and just kept saying they only serve it on weekends, despite what the menu said. 

Baffling.."
"We went during happy hour and ordered a variety for items off their menu. We love the atmosphere of this area, if you're looking for a nice patio to spend the afternoon I highly recommend bao down. They have lots of seating both indoors and outdoors and isn't as crowded as Main st or Olympic village itself.

The average discount on the happy hour menu was $0.50-$1 which wasn't much. But they are doing a special on oysters right now! $1.50 each, all day, everyday."
"Stopped in randomly for dinner because I saw they had the Canucks game playing.  Was pleasantly surprised to find that they had a number of Filipino items on the menu.  Tried the Flipside burrito and the Longsilog, only to find that they were quite bland.  The culprit?  Subpar garlic rice.

Now, I don't usually do this, but since the service was quite good, and because I don't see too many places serving up Filipino food, I will tell you how to make garlic rice properly.

Garlic rice should have 2 main qualities:  Be slightly crispy and TASTE LIKE GARLIC.  Cook your rice with a little less water than you'd normally use so it doesn't get too fluffy.  If it's too wet, it's not gonna fry up very well.  Crush and mince the garlic.  I would use about half a bulb per wok, but I imagine you need to keep costs down, so 2-4 good cloves is probably fine.  Now what you want to do is put enough oil into a pan or wok that it can completely coat the rice.  Fry the garlic in this until it is brown and crispy, then fish it out and set it aside.  Dump the rice into the oil and stir it until every grain is coated.  The oil should impart the flavour of garlic onto the rice.  Level it out and don't touch it for a few minutes.  Then stir it, level it out again, and repeat until the rice is just a bit crisp, maybe 2 to 3 times.  On the last stir, mix the toasted garlic into the rice, as well as a few shakes of salt and pepper.  That is it.

I might stop in again one day, and if I do, I hope you've upped your garlic rice game."
"Decided to finally check out this place and so glad I did! I had a hard time deciding on what to get - everything on the menu sounded amazing. I decided on the Bao Flight (pick 4 baos!) I got 2 of the Bao Chicka Bao Bao, YVR and Big Bang Bao. They were all really delicious but I have to say my favorite was the YVR. The ahi tuna was great and the wasabi aioli, pea shoots and bacon were all a nice touch. The bao was also perfectly soft and chewy, with a hint of sweetness. Very yummy!

Service was really great. Our server was attentive and very friendly. I was really impressed with how COVID safe they were as well. Tables are spaced apart, staff were wearing masks and sanitizer was provided.

Can't wait to come back and try more!"
"I would rate this place as follows: 5 star food, 3 star drinks, 1 star service. This place has a ways to go to get all 5 stars. 
Came on a Sunday for lunch/brunch. The place was packed with a wait a the front door. Our friends already had a table though so we didn't have to wait.
Sat for a while before getting asked if we wanted something to drink. We ordered the Bloodsport as we read a raving review of it on Vancity buzz. Well, after receiving it, 15 minutes later, it was subpar. It's $15 and you're clearly paying for the prawn and piece of tuna it comes with. To be fair, it was a nice large prawn with sambal on it, but it really wasn't anything to write home about. The drink was 'meh' at best. I even asked for it extra extra spicy and it was not spicy at all. I would suggest adding horseradish and siracha to the mix.
Now for the food, we had The Schwartz and The Hot Stuff. The Schwartz, crispy corned beef and potato hash served with 2 eggs and either garlic rice or toast with tomatoes. I went with garlic rice and had the eggs poached. The 'hash' are tater tots, but it works. It's a good amount of food and they don't chince on the corned beef. It was pretty great. My hubby had The Hot Stuff, chicken and waffles with 2 eggs and a macadamia syrup. The chicken is breaded and fried, menu says its spicy but it wasn't. The chicken was generous and very juicy, and although I don't like sweet chicken or waffles, my husband says he truly enjoyed his meal. 
The service? Well, after our drinks came we ordered our meals and that's one of the last times we had any real service. We weren't offered a second drink, and after we finished our meals we were given the bill and felt like we were being pushed out of the place to accommodate the other people waiting. I understand completely that they want to turn the tables in a timely fashion, but it was the manner in which we felt rushed out by the server... 
I would come back and try their dinner menu, but if I was being rushed, I would never look back twice.
Worth trying the food for sure."
"I took 9 people to have a boodle fight at Grandt Kitchen. Boodle fights need to be ordered in advance and you pay not by the head, but by the table.  Each table can sit 4-5.  If you put two tables it can fit up to 10 people.  

This was my first boodle and it was fantastic.  You eat with your fingers and the table lined with banana leaves is your eating area.  Plenty of meat, seafood, vegetables, and unlimited rice.  What was great was the deep fried garlic on top.  Seafood was stuffed squid, milkfish (yum), mussels.  Meat was chicken, pork on a skewer, sweet pork, and sausage spring roll.  Veg was eggplant (yummy), corn, zucchini, okra.  A refreshing mango/green papaya/ onion salad was served too.  All in all, a fantastic meal that left the eight of us (and one child) stuffed to the gills.  By the time they finished laying the food out, you were very hungry to eat it!

Service was excellent.  The servers are so friendly and gave my sister in law a ""birthday"" dessert on the house!  I would definitely come again with more friends for the experience, food and service.

Eating tips:
1. They are less busy on weds and thurs.  Although they close at 7pm, they will still continue taking group reservations on Friday - Sunday if a group is willing to eat after 7 pm.
2.  No utensils but they will give a knife and fork to cut up the squid
3.  My sister in law came up with the ingenious idea to use the mussel shell to scoop up the mango salad ( the most difficult to eat with fingers!) because its so small
4.  Don't ignore the sauces like the vinegars at your table.  Make a ball of rice with other boodle stuff and dip it in the vinegar - it gives a whole different flavour profile."
"Came here tonight after my wife had a craving for Filipino food and it definitely didn't disappoint. 

We ordered the deluxe boodle fight and some fried chicken for our party of six. What came was a mountain of rice, meat, veggies and seafood. All the components were well cooked, well seasoned and tasted amazing. With so many parts to the meal, it's no easy task to get everything right. Only thing I would have changed was a few more meat dishes but that's easily fixed. We weren't quite full so we also ordered halo halo for dessert which was just okay. 

Beyond the food, service was great and super friendly. I thought the pricing was a little high but overall we had a great experience. Would definitely be back!"
What a lovely place. The food was delicious. The service was great. The place was very clean and comfortable. Glad our friends invited us there! Loved that cassava cake!
"The restaurant closes early on weekdays but we called a day ahead of time and they stayed open for us. 

The location is in an industrial area but it's not a problem if you use google maps. 

My brother wanted to do the kamayan style meal or boodle fight for his birthday. Great experience, great service, & great food! The two servers were so nice. We ate so much and had leftovers to take home. 

We also ordered the crispy pata (so good), sisig, and Kare Kare. We had halo halo and leche flan for dessert. All so good!

We will be back!"
Went there for the breakfast and ended up trying some Filipino cuisine! Service was quick and owners/servers were so nice and welcoming. We tried a beef dish and sausage dish, both so delicious. Definitely will be returning to try some different dishes!
We ve  been looking for a good Filipino restaurant in the lower mainland for a while now and We finally found it. We tried the bbq,fish and beef stew and they we're all great. We would definitely come back.
Great food and service.  The only downside is the parking and location. We did the boodle fight, and it's definitely worth it in a big group.  We had a group of 10 and they had no problem accommodating us.  Great experience!
"Made reservations a head of time which is definately something you want to do! We had a part of about 10-12 of us. We were running late & when we called to tell them they were so calm and very friendly about it.
Good experience & great food. The food was ready when we were ready. It was so good & fresh, didn't feel like it was just backed there waiting at all.
Definitely a place to try! Per table it was about $100 but if there is a good amount of you, I would say it wasn't a bad price for how much food you get!

More about it in my blog @ stepherrreats.wordpress.com"
"My wife and I met some friends here a couple of weeks ago. The crispy pork and fried chicken are quite good, and don't leave you feeling like you've eaten food dipped in oil. The seafood sisig was a special that day so we ordered it as well. It was fantastic! I will be ordering it ever time I go there. 

The only thing preventing me from giving this restaurant five stars is it's parking and location. It's on an industrial road that runs parallel to highway 17, so if you don't frequent the area or plan your route you're bound to make a few wrong turns (like I did). Also, the parking lot beside the restaurant can be a bit tricky to maneuver in if you've got a larger vehicle."
"ok first time and wont be my last 
good service family oriented 
good food and nice experience
thumbs up"
"Great experience. Thank you to the staff who served us. Friendly & courteous. Ask for the Boodle Fight menu...an experience u need to try. My second time here. I will be back again. 
Kare Kare 
Sisig
Crispy Pata
Boodle Fight menu
Leche Flan
Halo halo"
"I am so happy to have found OverRice at the Lake Eola Farmer's Market, because my wife and I were looking for something delicious; but, different; and, OverRice delivered!

We ordered the Mixed place with  the Huli Huli Chicken and Kalua Pig, for $12. The plate comes with Jasmine Rice, Pancit, and Lumpia. And, it's a decent portion as well - enough for 2 to share! I especially enjoyed the sweet chili sauce - not very sweet and a nice kick

The rice was a little overcooked; and, the pancit was a little dry. Overall, their food is very good; and, quite tasty!  We look forward to seeing them again here and elsewhere!"
So delicious! Had the vegetarian pancit (noodle dish) today. Full of flavor, and for only $5, I would've gotten a second serving if I wasn't so full from the first. This is my new favorite food truck.
Today was the first time I visited the food truck bonanza in Winter Garden.  having a small appetite I decided to visit OverRice!  The owners or cooks are super nice and interact well with the customers.  It's the food that did not do it for me.  I ordered the chicken dish. the chicken was dry and had no flavorful sauce to compensate for the dryness (or taste).  The noodles were also not flavorful.  The lumpia was extremely thin so I had more of the wrapper rather than the filling.  For $10 a plate, I was not too impressed.
Saw this Food Truck from an article I read online and thought I would give it a try. It was by far the best food truck at the event. The owner explained that everything is from scratch and he gives not only one but 3 different options in every order. Best noodles, rice and meat one could find in a food truck. Definitely looking forward to more of them!
Best food truck ive ever had, Great phillipino food!
Huli Huli chicken for the win!  I've not tried any of the other meat because I LOVE this chicken so much!  And when the truck comes I always order!  You get a great portion w/ rice (Jasmine), noodles (pancit) and the fried spring roll (lumpia shanghai).  All delish!  I keep saying I'll try something else, but I never do. I will have to next time!
"I had the chance to try a dish by OverRice at Tasty Tuesdays in the Milk District, a food truck meet. 

I would say that their food is a solid 3. I had their regular plate with two kinds of meat (Hawaiian pulled pork and adobo braised ribs); both meats were very flavorful. I got mine with noodles and it also included a fried spring roll that wasn't too bad. I'd say that the price is decent for the amount of food that I got (I ate and three other people tried some and I still had some left over after that). 

Other things to note is that the service is fast and you can use a credit card. I would definitely go back!"
"The lumpia! Oh, my god, the lumpia. I went to the Audubon Park farmer's market with my husband and two friends. We all had orders of the lumpia and by the end of the night we agreed that they were AMAZING. My husband said he would just order a triple batch of these little guys for dinner and I agree!

One order is two hot, fresh pieces about the size of a small spring roll. Served with it is a small cup of sauce: sweet chili mixed with Sriracha. It was a little sweet, a little hot, and amazing. I even ended up dipping potato chips from another food truck in this sauce and it made ordinary chips into something fantastic. 

I'm not exactly sure what was in the lumpia as I just ate them, but didn't order them (they arrived like magic at the table via my friends who ordered) but whatever it was, it was fantastic.

A++ experience, and based on the lumpia alone I would certainly come back to Over Rice and try other items in the future. I'd also recommend to others to try them out."
Although it was cold I still managed to go out to the food truck that was held near the fashion square mall. There were several other truck vendors of course and I wanted something Asian so I went to over the reins food truck. I got the Ponset with some chick in that had brown sugar in it and it was amazing. I wish they actually had The store because I would definitely be up in the air. I will be looking forward to going to the next track meet just bring this food truck and I know exactly what I'm getting lol
"My partner, her daughter and I enjoyed these delicious lunch baskets while at the Lake Eola farmers market on Sunday April 9, 2017.
The Huli Huli chicken was off the hook. So was the pulled pork!!
The Spring rolls over the Noodles made a very delightful lunch.
Can't wait to visit them at Altamonte Springs!
A must have!!!!!"
Oh my gosh I just saw I haven't written a review on OverRice.  This is by far my favorite food truck in all of Orlando.  The Huli Huli chicken literally makes you make noises while you eat it.  The Pancit and Lumpia are absolutely delicious.  I always have to get a couple extra lumpia because how can you eat just one.  Just writing this is making me hungry.
The food was so good I ate it all! The huli huli chicken plate is highly recommended, comes with rice and noodles and a delicious skinny egg roll! I'm finding this food truck again!
"Encountered OverRice Food Truck at the Winter Garden Farmers Market. 

I had the poncit it was awesome sauce!!! Best I have ever had and my brother-in-law is Filipino.  Shhhh don't tell him I like this one better. 

My husband had the Huiu Huiu Chicken.  He was stationed in Hawaii and raved about the flavor. My daughter stole quite a few pieces from her daddy. His plate included lumpia and he did not share that with our daughter that was all daddy's. 

Met the owners and they were so nice and passionate about what they do. You could tell from their food and their attitudes. Can't wait to get more poncit."
"This food truck has great food. I had the Mixed plate with the Hawaiian Chicken and the Hawaiian Pork. It came with rice, pancit and pork lumpia. This was my first time eating ""Island Food. It was delicious. I could not eat all of it so I will have it for lunch tomorrow. I will definitely have their food again."
Delicious! I got a Kalua pork plate. It comes with an egg roll, rice, AND noodles! All for just $10!! The pork was moist and you definitely can taste the bacon flavor (I like making kalua pork at home but it's never this moist). The egg roll was crispy and delicious; the rice and noodles were a good accompaniment. I think the portions are large for how much you pay. They take card, and the food is prepared pretty quickly. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town!
I bought the Special that included rice, Adobo Pork and Pancit. The flavor was delicious and the pork fell off the bone BUT there was a ton of fat and grissle on the meat. I spent my entire meal picking hard pieces of grissle out. My co-worker got the Chicken and she said it was really good. The Pancit are delicious, very garlicky though.
"The most delicious food truck in Orlando!!!
Phenomenal Filipino food and great value for your $.  The owner moves his truck around to several different locations so if you're in the mood for some delicious food send him a text message on the Yelp Number Listed and he will tell you where the truck is located."
I've literally driven across town to catch up with these guys and enjoy their food again and again.  Their huli huli chicken is really tasty, but then I've had everything they have on the menu and its all good.  My wife wants to buy the sauce by the quart.
"I had lunch here with my family today after learning from my sis-in-law about Kumare, her favorite Filipino restaurant. 

It has a very convenient location in a shopping plaza on 120th and 80th in Delta.  We were able to score primo parking right infront of the resto (plenty of parking regardless.) 

The interior was surprisingly modern and bright.  It had high ceilings with exposed duct works (lofty!), plenty of natural light, painted concrete floors and lots of room between tables.

After reading through the giant menu, we settled on garlic fried rice, dinuguan, sisig, tortang talong, pancit bihon and BBQ pork. (Some of us don't often have Filipino food so we went a bit overboard!) 

The garlic fried rice was the perfect pairing for the ""ulams."" The garlic was perfectly minced and fried just so it wasn't bitter. The dinuguan had plenty of tender pork pieces that had been cooked slowly in the blood sauce.  Yes, it's made with pig's blood with vinegar and a bit of chili peppers.  It's a rich and flavorful stew. 

The other stand outs were the sisig, crispy pork pieces (traditionally from the pig's face) cooked in vinegar and served on a sizzling plate with an egg that you have to mix while the plate is still hot.  It tends to get oily so can't eat much of this delicacy. 

The tortang talong is an egg omelette with sauteed pork on a grilled eggplant. The eggplant adds another level of creaminess to this brunch dish. 

The pancit bihon was too oily and nothing special.  The BBQ pork skewer was also a disappointment.  I wish it was grilled with the sauce as the meat didn't absorb the sauce much and was a bit dry. 

The staff were very friendly and helpful.  Our food came out quickly as it became ready in the kitchen.  My Mom purchased some delicious looking Filipino pastries and bread from their in-shop bakery.  (Sadly I was too full to try them out.) 

Nevertheless, I'm so glad we had plenty of leftovers so I can enjoy them again.  We'll definitely come back."
"Would give 3.5 but since that options not available, 3 it is.

Arrived approximately 12:25pm on Monday and only 3 tables were occupied. We were greeted immediately and shown where to sit. 

The restaurant is super clean and pretty big! The menu had a lot of selection, but we aimed for the longsilog breakfast with tea x 2, a order or lumpia shanghai, sizzling noodles and 4 pork empanadas to go. 

The breakfast was good (esp the garlic rice) and filling! The lumpia was a bit dry and I've had better but the sizzling chicken crunchy noodles were soooooo good!!! I'd just come back for that!! The empanadas were filled with pork and raisins and were pretty friggennnn great!!! 

The waitresses were friendly and attentive, the food was ok but not even halfway through our meal, a team of approximately 9 workers (assuming some sort of contractors?) came right next to our table and started lifting the cushion up and not even seeing that we're trying to enjoy our lunch in peace and not have to yell over them. Either the owner should've scheduled them to come a different time, possibly before closing or slower time of day, not while lunch is starting? Or these idiots should've walked outside or on the side, not where people are eating and discussed their work elsewhere?

The prices were a bit steep but I guess worth it. Will be back someday to try the desserts!"
I came here because it was highly rated by my fellow Yelpers. It didn't disappoint. The service was fast and the food was great. I got the Adobo on the recommendation of the gentlemen up front as I'd not had Filipino food before with the exception of lumpia. The adobo was very flavorful, with a nice mix of meat, veggies, and rice.
Obviously, my daughters and I, love to come to this Filipino restaurant/baked shop/mini grocery.Their food were exquisite.Prices were also reasomable as well.Regardless it was quite a drive, the staff are such wonderful , welcoming , enthusiastic and customer friendly . I rather dine in a small cozy restaurant with such positive people than hostess/servers with a such horrendous staff. We'll always continue to come to this place to enjoy our  lunch, dinner or to go food.
My family love  their dishes especially menudo my son told to them..the best menudo I ever taste...try fresh lumpia,halayang ube,and mango cake!!!the best!!!
"The food is made to order because of this, it takes a bit of time for the food to come out.  Lumpiang Shanghai, Pancit Bihon, Chicken Adobo, & Bistek Tagalog - all were ok, not great. 

Friendly staff.

Enjoy."
"The food at Mercel in Kissimmee is good. Our favorite are sizzling Bangus, the pancit bihon, lechon kawali, lumpiang shanghai . We are coming from Polk County and we drive to just eat at Mercel. My husband and me feel at home . We text Suzette and we tell her what order we wanted and time we will be coming and everything is prepared when we arrive. The people are warm,accommodating and welcoming . It is very important for customers like us to be treated well and just like being in your own home. 
That is what we like with Mercel. When you are there you are treated well."
Awesome food!!!! Wish they had this in atlanta!!   Adobo chicken with the vinegar sauce is amazing.   The decor could use updating but the food rocks!
Great place to dine-in for some native Pilipino cooking or stop by to buy some exotic ingredients. This place is a two in one: restaurant and grocery. This place also carries Philippine made t-shirt or barong Tagalog for he and she. Owner is friendly and always have a great smile.
We wanted to try another Filipino restaurant in the area of Orlando. Their dishes were really good if you're craving for home cook. Suzette was very friendly and charming. We had a big group and served us really well. Definitely coming back and recommend to Pinoy family and friends. You can shop for Pinoy delicacies while waiting for your food to get served.
"I live around the area. This is my ultimate go to place when I want to buy Pinoy grocery items. Stuff that I can't find at the grocery stores or the supermarkets. The shop is adequately stocked and I have no problem looking for the things that I need. 

Next to it's mini grocery is a little diner where you can order and enjoy homemade Filipino dishes prepared à la minute! They boast of a signature bakeshop too where pastries and cakes are carefully prepared by its Pinay pastry chef, Suzette. 

I guess the main reason why I keep on coming back to the place is due to its attendant's very warm and courteous personality. Sure it gets busy at times but she makes it a point to keep you well taken cared for. 

That genuine hospitality and the great tasting pastries is why I'm giving it FIVE STARS!"
This place was amazing!  Just arrived in town and found this place on Yelp.  What a lucky find!  Had the Boodle Fight.  My 8 yr old was sold when he found out he could eat with his hands. Something for everyone here.  Fish, pork, shrimp, octopus, veggies...  but the absolute best part was the wonderful service.  They patiently explained the food and made sure everyone got something they loved.  Treated us like friends and we ate like kings!
I have always wanted to try their food . Fortunately, I found out they deliver via skip the dishes. I ordered at 9:05am (they don't open until 11) and our food was delivered by noon. The bilao to go was great. It came with banana leaves. It brought back childhood memories. Thank you Grandt Kitchen. We will surely be a repeat cuatomers.
Its worth the wait. The food is exceptional! We ordered the typical filipino food kare2, bbq, sisig & lumpiang shanghai and it didnt disappoint me. This is now our new favorite filipino restaurant in Surrey! I recommend booking in advance with the time & dish you want to order to avoid a long wait because it is freshly cooked.
"Most people come here for the boodle fight, we come here for the (what feels like) home cooked Filipino food!

This time we ordered Sinigang, Pork Sisig, Binagoongan spare ribs, and a leche flan (to go).

I'm not a huge sinigang fan but my wife and daughter loved it! 

The Sisig was flavourful, and the portion was HUGE!

The highlight was the Binagoongan. I could literally just eat the sauce with rice all day every day! It's a must order when you're here!

And the leche flan is amazing too!

They are moving soon according to the owner, probably to Langley or Abbotsford."
This place serves high quality, fresh, Filipino food and also caters.  I highly recommend the pancit, tilapia (with special sauce), and fried chicken.  So delicious!  We are already planning to use them to cater several events.  The prices are extremely reasonable both for dine in and catering.  Owner operated with excellent service.  Also, they will specialize the menu for large parties or catering if you ask for something specific in advance.
"Great food and a true Filipino experience with the Boodle Fight. Make sure you come hungry and don't be shy to order more. The service was great! The only thing was the location, it is a destination location and there's not much around the area. But, once we got there the food was worth the drive. 

Check out my Vlog.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAQ5MY0IWyQ"
"New favorite Pinoy restaurant!

Love the food at this place. Dadayuhin mo talaga. We had Palabok, Sisig, Bagnet, Kare Kare, Tokwat Tokwa, Longsilog and Garlic rice. We left so full but we will be back to try more dishes."
"New hidden gem in Surrey!

LOCATION/AMBIANCE: It's in the heart of the industrial area in Surrey. It's right along Hwy 17 but a little hard to find at first. The place looks like a little house and when you enter, it has a very cozy feeling. Lots of natural light coming through, very clean, and they've even got outside seating for the summer.

FOOD: You can really taste the quality... everything is fresh, many things are handmade and they use spices that you can only get from the Philippines. They offer western breakfast and lunch items as well as Filipino specials. Instead of the usual garlic or java rice you see at other restaurants, they offer TUYO rice! You also have to try the SILOG platter!!!!

PRICE: A big breakfast plate starts at $3.95! Very affordable prices for the value you get.

SERVICE: The restaurant is run by 3 filipino couples with big hearts. A portion of their profits go back to missions work in the Philippines. You'll always be greeted with a smile and made to feel at home!"
Ok, I know it's busy for Mother's Day. But 45 min waiting for halo2 and cassava cake made me frown  and I had deluxe boodle fight  ( + drinks). I wish you had good system serving( and cooking guess). This is my first time but I can try again.
Amazing owners, we called and they stayed late for us even though it was after closing.  The fried chicken is better than Max's!
Went here on a Friday afternoon for lunch. The food and service was amazing. Best filipino food I have tasted, other than my Lola.  They have broad range of food and the servings are quite large. Prices were very fair as well.  I definately will be returning. Thank you for the authentic food and fabulous service.
My new favorite restaurant. The food was perfect, and you feel like you are a personal guest at a friend's house not a chain restaurant. This is pace is a must even for the pickiest food critic.
Mediocre food, with good service. Might of just been an off day for them, but it was nothing special. Pricing was okay. Would rather pay a bit more for better quality on the dishes like Kare kare/ palabok. Eating the palabok made me think I was eating flavourless spaghetti. The texture of how it came out was like spaghetti outta a can. And to top it off there wasn't a lemon slice on the side to give it some kick. The party beside us had the boodle fight and it looked dope. Probably would enjoyed myself more if we got that.
"Wow, pretty good. Although you have to trust your dinner companion's as you eat with your bare hands. Food was quite tasty, as picks will show.
I would reccomend min 4 people to spread the cost and get and diverse grouping of tasty eats..."
"You have to experience this with your friends and family. It's pretty fun! The owners/staff are super friendly and helpful and explain everything as well as proper technique for eating with hands. It's an awesome time and the food is good and plentiful! A boodle fight is a must for a fun time eating! Highly recommend this place. Make a reservation this place can be packed! It's out of the way in an industrial area but worth the drive. 

Enjoy!!"
Had the Boodle Fight a few weeks ago with 5 other friends and am definitely going back.  Service was very tentative.  We also had the Halo Halo for dessert which was also awesome.  The only thing we could do without was the squid on the boodle fight.  I want to go back again for the Boodle Fight and also try some other food.
We ordered a platter and some spring rolls for a family dinner. Service was fast. It took about 20 minutes. Food was packed well. The platter offered a decent food selection. I really enjoyed the mango salad, pork meat spring rolls, and fried tilapia.
New location is finally open! Bigger, nicer, and overall amazing! The food is just as good if not better and the service is 5 star!!! Hands down the best Filipino restaurant in the lower mainland! This location makes so much more sense for them!
"So I just had my birthday and usually have two separate events. One for my immediate family and one with my friends. We always have the same restaurants in rotation and so I decided let's try some Filipino food.

My husbands coworker recommended this place to us and told us to try the Boodle fight. I was the photos and read the reviews and contacted Neil who is the owner to make reservations. 4-5 people it's $100 but 6-7 was $150. 

Seems pretty steep but considering the amount of food and preparation put into it, it was well worth the experience and my parents were happy! The boodle fight came with Fried chicken, stuffed squid, milkfish, pork skewers, lumpia, eggplant and zucchini as well as mussels too! We ended up getting mango juices as well as coconut drinks and couple orders of lumpia while waiting for everyone to arrive. Total was $223 which included 20% tip and all taxes for 6 people. 

Neil even bought me a small cake which was totally unexpected and tasted yummy!!

The only issue we really had was the location. Just make sure your GPS is up to date and you should have no issues. We will be back to try the all day breakfast next week and thank you Neil and your workers for your kindness and hospitality!!! 

If you want to try a crazy cool experience and different style of eating, make sure to order the Boodle fight!"
"Great budol fight experience to eat with my hands and the whole spread of Filipino food in front to feast on. You can also half a boodle for 2 people. The staff are friendly and great singers also if you request them to come sing ""Happy birthday"" with you if someone is celebrating a birthday."
Long story short, this place serves delicious and authentic Filipino food! Great service as well. They close at 9 PM on Saturday nights, we walked in at 8:55 PM and the staff still happily seated us. We weren't expected to be seated at all since most restaurants tend to close their kitchens earlier but there was another group who had just finished a boodle fight. (Sorry for this btw, the traffic was bad and we didn't expect such a delay..) I highly recommend the pork adobo! Not overly salty or oily but still juicy and flavorful. Garlic rice is bomb too! A bit crispy and has the right amount of flavor.
The portion and food is really good. There were 4 people in our party and despite having leftovers and getting desserts, the total only came out to $20 per person (including tax and tips). We ordered a lot of seafood and it was very fresh and tasty. It didn't take long as well. Customer service is good as well. The only thing I didn't enjoy is the squid, as it was very chewy and it didn't have a nice texture. Everything else was really good and I would definitely be back there again
Giving it 3.5 stars actually. We didn't do the boodle fight but just got the GK Xmas bundle meal $69.95 plus xtra ice tea, another order of large rice, beef steak and pork sisig. Portions aren't good for the prices sadly. The bundle meal we got says it's good for 5 but I disagree it is only good for 3-4 (not so hungry people). We were a total of 5 adults and (2 kids who doesn't eat much) So we got all of this and our bill came to $140. The beef steak we got for $15 had only 6 very tiny pieces of beef with barely any sauce, I was shocked to receive such a small quantity. I don't know if the boodle fight is better cause some reviews on here are saying the portions are good. The taste of most of the food are good that's why I gave it 3.5 stars. Service is par. They were not attentive to us at all and had to request things repeatedly. Probably won't be coming here as often due to the price, portion, and service but next visit will prob be the boodle fight. I am hoping the portions are much better for the lump sum price of $125.
Food is just okay. Nothing extraordinary. Preparation and taste typical of any Filipino restaurant. Extra star for the togetherness and fun the boodle fight brings to the table with friends and loved ones.
Awesome staff and food was delicious! Went with a huge party around 4pm on a Wednesday and they helped with the cake since there were two birthday celebrants.
"Everyone's gotta try a ""boodle fight"" with a group of friends and/or family at least once, and Grandt Kitchen is a great place to do it! This traditional way of enjoying Filipino food is also known as ""kamayan"" - which is a Tagalog word that means (to eat) ""with your hands"", so there are no plates or utensils. This restaurant in particular has several tables and a large and spacious room dedicated to accommodating large groups for their boodle fights, and reservations are highly recommended to avoid disappointment.

Came here for my birthday and was impressed by their service and process - they get you seated, ready to eat and with your drinks, and you can actually WATCH them assemble the delicious & piping hot layers of freshly cooked food right in front of your eyes! Everything is laid out on banana leaves, and you get the chance to try a large variety of delicious vegetables, meats, and chopped mangos with garlic fried rice. Be sure to come hungry as there is tons to eat, and order the DELUXE boodle fight (which is an extra $25 more than the regular, and throws in a crispy pata and shrimp...SO WORTH IT!) 

I love supporting Filipino businesses in particular, and it's great to see one that pays special attention to their food, customer experience AND their service. Their boodle fight is better than others I've tried locally, and I haven't tried their regular menu or desserts yet...but I'll definitely be back to see what else they have to offer!"
"I went with a group to experience the Boodle Fight. The novelty of eating with my bare hands wore off pretty quickly as the food was bland. I wouldn't go again for the food even if I could eat with utensils. Another person in the group also mentioned that the novelty for him lasted 5 minutes and that was it. 
Another issue I wanted to point out was that my credit card company noticed strange transaction charges to some online gaming company. My most recent credit card use had been at Grandt Kitchen. So, my credit card company cancelled my account for my security. Coincidence, maybe. But a couple of other things I later noticed as well on my credit card statement: the restaurant billed me for a drink that I did not order. When I called the restaurant to complain, I was told they would cancel the charge. They never did. Also, I noticed they billed us more than what they advertised for Boodle Fight. The person on the phone noticed that the number didn't match either but nothing was done. In the end, I let it slide. I wasn't going to call them twice over a few dollars. But there enough financial glitches to make me want to point this out to others."
"We went here for Mother's Day.  What a fun and different experience from the norm.  Boodle fight.  A filipino tradition of eating.  All this food piled on the table on top of banana leaves.  Spoon and fork?   Nahhh you use your hands.  That's what's fun.  You can fight for the food.  

What feast can you expect?  
Deluxe boodle
Crispy pata (look it up) 
Shrimp
BBQ Pork Skewers
Lumpia (also look it up)
Grilled stuffed squid
Fried chicken
Mussels
Fried tilapia
Okra
Zucchini
Eggplant
Corn
Mango salad
Unlimited rice whattttt

I highly recommend.  They've only been open for 4 days the time I went."
Went for the boodle flight one time for a friend's birthday and enjoyed it very much. Came back this time to try their individual entrees for dinner, and was very happy with the sisig and large squid that we ordered, so tasty.
The food was a typical filipino food; no better than any other filipino restaurants.  One of my friends found paper in her halo-halo.
Super friendly service, made us feel very welcome despite not knowing what we were ordering.
"My friends and I stopped by Grandt Kitchen last night to try their Boodle Fight. I'd seen pictures of mountains of food on banana leafs on Instagram before, so I was very excited to try it for myself!

This restaurant is located in an quiet industrial area so make sure to follow Google Maps... we tried navigating ourselves and missed the exit twice!

Since it was our first time, our server recommended getting the Deluxe Boodle Fight, which included pork skewers, mussels, fried fish, a whole stuffed squid, corn, zucchini, eggplants, lumpia (spring rolls), mango and cucumber salsa, shrimp, crispy pork hock, served on top of a mountain of rice (unlimited). We also ordered 6 pieces of fried chicken on the side. I believe they have other Boodle Fight options that contain more pork or mostly seafood.  

This Boodle Fight was meant for 4-5 people (we had 6), so we found that there could've been a bit more food. There was still enough for all 6 of us, but we weren't as full as the other reviews had mentioned.

For dessert, we ordered 3 halo halos. While tasty, we found that there weren't enough toppings so we were a little disappointed by that. 

Overall, I really enjoyed my first Boodle Fight experience at Grandt Kitchen. The food was good, and the all of the staff were super friendly (the owner came over to check in with us twice)! I would love to come back and share this experience with other family and friends. 

TDLR; Traditional Filipino meal served on banana leaves and eaten with your bare hands. Fun experience - definitely recommend! Make sure to follow Google Maps."
"This place is famous for their Boodle Fight.  This is a whole new dining experience as everything is served family style ontop of banana leaves.  You eat with your hand which may be a turn off for some, but this is the traditional way it is done. There was 5 of us and we left holding our bellies waddling out the door.  A feast thats for sure

$125 gets you a meal set fit for 5.  The set includes
Rice
BBQ Pork Skewers
Crispy Pata (deep fried pork hock)
Tocino (sweet cured pork)
Lumpia Shanghai (spring rolls)
Fried Chicken
Shrimp
Grilled Stuffed Squid
Mussels
Deep Fried tilapia
Okra
Zucchini
Eggplant
Corn
Manga Salsa"
"What a fun and unique experience! My family and I came here for ""Boodle Fight"" which apparently started as a Filipino army tradition. All of the food is placed on the table which is covered in banana leaves and you eat with your bare hands! No gloves, cutlery, or dishes are provided, nor are they required ;) 

Reservations are required so make sure you do that before coming here. The restaurant is also oddly located in a sort of industrial area.. we had a bit of a hiccup while getting here since we couldn't directly access it from the highway (check the map beforehand!)

The Deluxe Boodle Fight is more expensive than their regular one at $125 but it includes crispy pata (pig's leg), BBQ pork skewers, spring rolls, grilled stuffed squid, shrimp, mussels, fried milkfish, tocino (type of pork), okra, zucchini, eggplant, corn, mango salad, and unlimited rice (!). This is apparently good for 4-5 people but since we were a group of 8, we ordered 1 and a half orders of this.

I watched in amazement as the food was placed in the middle, along the length of the table starting from the rice, then the vegetables and seafood, and meat. Everything was very neatly presented and evenly distributed for all of us to share. Everything was very tasty but I think the best dish for everyone was the BBQ pork skewers. These were very tender and not too fatty. Perfect to eat with some vinegar! 

I've never experienced anything like this before and it was actually really fun eating with my (clean) hands. By the end of the meal, I think I had somewhat mastered the art of scooping up rice with my fingers :P

The service was also very friendly and welcoming. Since we were there for my sister's birthday, they even provided us with a large slab of chocolate cake to share! That was very nice of them. All of us thoroughly enjoyed our meal here. Although I don't see myself coming back any time soon since it's so out of the way for me, it is definitely something you should try at least once!"
If your are thinking of trying out some Fillipino food Grandt Kitchen is a good option. They have quite a selecting of dishes to choose from. We ordered the bbq chicken skewers garlic fried rice, grilled bangus belly, palabok, crispy pata, lumpia, and chicken adobo for the familh to try and they all enjoyed the experience! The crispy pata was a favourite. The skin was soooo crunchy and crispy! It was hard not to eat the skin! They are addicting like chips! Everything was super flavorful as for most Filipino dishes and had generous portions. A great place to try something new!
Easily-accessible location; good ambiance; quality food with variety of choices; clean washrooms and excellent service; fast service and above all, generous servings!
Superb food! Excellent service! All the staff are sooo nice and are very helpful. This place is like going home to the Philippines and I looove the ambiance! I love this place!
"Here's how you imitate the Grandt Kitchen experience on a budget:
1. Lay a garbage bag on top of your table at a Filipino buffet like Uncle Willy's;
2. Get 10+ plates of miscellaneous food;
3. Dump food onto table in layers;
4. Discard utensils;
5. Eat with your dirty hands.

Now if it really were that easy, there wouldn't be a reason for a Grandt Kitchen to exist.  What this restaurant actually does offer is decent beginners Filipino food served by the nicest staff under a comforting family restaurant ambiance.  I don't have Filipino relatives but I would imagine this is what my Aunt Reyes cooks for family reunions at her place.

Food:
3.5 Stars ***1/2*
- The restaurant's main gimmick is that you eat food served onto of a giant banana leaf; I had my doubts at first but found it to be a fun experienced by the end;
- My friends and I were excited about the unlimited rice perk offered at this restaurant but by the midway point of our meal, we all realized the initial portion was more carbs than we could possibly consume.  
- The vast variety of food served on top of the rice was eh-okay and I say that because some things were great (i.e. mango salsa, fried chicken, sweet pork) while others were kinda meh (i.e. fried fish, spring rolls, stuffed squid)

Service:
5 Stars *****
- The staff was incredibly warm which seemed fitting for a family restaurant setting;
- Boss lady described extensively what each item was and walked by every now and then to make sure things were okay;
- They give us pack of wet wipes before the meal to make sure our hands are clean;
- We were given a complementary cake for the birthday boy in our party; how awesome is that?

Bottom Line:
It's not everyday that you get to taste imaginary Aunt Reyes' cooking and I was very fortunate to have had the opportunity.  Don't miss out on your chance, ""bruh"".
4 stars! ****"
For all those pinoyz who love locally cooked food its a short drive from pitt meadows and satisfies my monthly cravings of a home cooked meal!
They're Filipino food is so good! I love their lechon, bbq pork and garlic fried rice. We did the banana leaf feast with family and friends and that was the first time I've seen a restaurant do that. I'd definitely recommend this place if you wanted a taste of the culture!
"YAY!!! Finally a Filipino food truck!

Every now and then I head to the Food Truck Friday event by the RDV whenever I need my food truck fix.  But what made that event awesome was when I stumbled upon the Over Rice Food Truck!  At first I was like meh, I can cook that stuff at home, but after not finding anything else to get I decided to go with comfort food!  Boy was I ever glad I decided on this food truck!

I ended up getting the combo plate with the huli huli chicken, rice, pancit (traditional Filipino noodle dish), and lumpia (basically an egg roll).  The rice was regular.  The pancit... unfortunately was dry, but that could just be that day.  The lumpia was really good, and to top it off it was vegetarian.  The huli huli chicken was SO good!  This made everything else on my plate disappear!

They had other menu items that I wanted to try since I loved their huli huli chicken, I can only imagine how awesome the other stuff tastes and how close to home it hits!  Can't wait for Friday!"
Super friendly owner and super delicious and succulent Hawaiian and Filipino dishes.  I've had their food a few times and it's consistently delicious and craveable.  Now I have to figure out how to make the noodle dish at home :)
They come at the Farmer's Market on Lake Eola every Sunday. They usually are in front of the all you can drink mimosa garden and picnic tables and next to the vendor that sells coconuts. Their food is a mix of Hawaiian and Filipino street food. I got a combo of meats with pancit( Filipino skinny noodles) and meat was tasty and tender. Pork adobo is my favorite of all the meats:)
My favorite food truck of all time! Great service, great food and great idea! Filipino food is hard to come by and I was delighted to see them in Maitland! I had the pork lunch plate and thought it was great value for the price! But my friend had the sweet chicken(I do not remember what kind) and it was very good also. The food was authentic and reminded me of my Mothers cooking. FYI I am Filipino:) Thank you Over Rice! Cannot wait to see you again! -Sam
"First tried their dishes at the Winter Garden farmers market and have since been trying out their other selection over at Lake Eola, Winter Park/Baldwin Park/ Tsty Tuesday's- each we show up, Overrice is always there and always has a good number of curious souls trying out their dishes! 
Today, we were at lake Eola farmers market and knew Overrice was going to be there so I already knew my craving was going to be satisfied and true enough my tastebuds were happy!
Enjoyed the  Kalua Pork extremely much with a nice side of jasmine rice, some pancit (very good) and lumpia Shanghai (Filipino spring roll) with kalua pork this soft tasty flavorful and just absolute yum I truly wonder if he can make laulau (another Hawaiian dish) that I do love to enjoy alongside the kalua pork! 
ALL their items from the huli huli chicken, adobo, kalua pork, etc were all on point. We also got a plate of the Filipino pork adobo with jasmine rice, pancit (noodles) and spring roll. The adobo was a little sweet compared to most Filipino pork adobo dishes but each household in each region of the many islands in the Philippines makes their own version of such and this was definitely just as good.

Awesome dishes! So PROUD! The owner is also very personable! Truly worth every bite!"
"Fast service and excellent food! Price and portions are great, too. 

Ordered the chicken plate and was very happy with the whole dish, but the chicken was the best part. It was very tender and juicy. I enjoyed the veggie pancit while my boyfriend enjoyed the jasmine rice. The pork egg roll was also very good! I am not an egg roll fan, but this was crispy, loaded with pork, and amazing flavors. 

We will be back to this truck again."
Split a combo plate with my wife and the Kalua pig was delicious, nice and moist and perfectly cooked. The riblets were tasty too with a strong anise flavor. The pancit was scrumptious as was the lumpia. I would for sure get some more of this nummy goodness.
This truck has great lumpia! I'm looking forward to the next time I see them. I'm not that familiar with Filipino food, so I want to try some of their other offerings. If the lumpia are any indication, they'll have a loyal customer!
OH YES!! Very nice. Bout time we get a Filipino and Hawaiian truck. This was spectacular. The Pork Adobo and Kalua Pig were amazing. Lumpia and Pancit with a spring roll. Holy mother of Filipino gods. This was perfection. I was sharing with about four people and my only regret is not getting one for myself. It was my first time being at this truck. I have followed them on twitter and finally found them at the @foodtruckbazaar. Big, huge thumbs up.
After months of seeing pictures their mouthwatering food around social media, I finally go to try Over Rice today at the Winter Garden Farmers Market! I had the Pork Adobo with rice, pancit, and lumpia. It was all delicious, but omg the lumpia was sooo good!! I can't wait to try more of their food!
For six months of pure homesickness, I often checked out the photos of Overrice and tracked the locations as if I were going to go at any moment. There was never a right time but tonight I had enough temptations of seeing the meals advertised on Tasty Tuesday's webpages so I hopped in the car and drove 8 minutes North and found myself standing out in the Milk District. I felt like I just didn't fit in but that didn't stop me. I did not smell the aroma of any food and as this makes it ironic, I'm 9 months pregnant and can smell a cigar about a mile away! I wobbled right over to Overrice passing up other interesting food trucks. I just knew I was in for a treat. Ordered the two meat combo which includes pancit, a lumpia, and Jasmine rice. My first bite was meh. My taste buds expected so much more. I'm not Hawaiian nor am I Filipino but I have had authentic Hawaiian, Filipino, and Samoan food on so many occasions over the past ten years not to mention a few Filipino friends of mine threw parties where I fell in love with their delicious cultural dishes! The food at Overrice wasn't disgusting, it's just Overrated! I wouldn't go out of my way for it again but if it were in front of me and I happened to be hungry, I don't see why not! I did enjoy the homemade chili sauce, the texture of the food and the chicken. I'll pass on the piggie pork!
This truck is amazing.  I tried their food several months ago and fell in love.  Last night I get to get at their truck again and I was not disappointed.  Everything is fantastic; hot, fresh, and from the friendliest people you will ever meet.  Please do yourself a favor and try this truck...you will not regret it!
So glad I found these guys at the The Food Truck Bazaar tonight and they were awesome! It was great to meet Joel and Stephanie (who were so friendly)! I loved getting to eat their lumpia shanghai, chicken adobo, pancit, and huli huli chicken -- it made me miss home (and my mom's cooking) a little less. Definitely will be following them around a little bit.
"Hands down my favorite food truck. My boyfriend and I love the Huli Huli chicken plate. He is a super picky eater but loves the chicken. The first time we tried it, he couldn't stop raving about how juicy and flavorful it is! I also always order extra lumpias because they're the bomb.com. I've driven 30 minutes just for them before! I just wish they stop by Windermere more often.

I deducted 2 stars because they seem to bail on some events. My boyfriend and I went to the winter garden farmers market one weekend to grab a plate and they were no where to be found. We just said ""typical"" and walked away."
"As an avid lover of food trucks and Filipino food, there was no doubt that I had to try OverRice. I ordered the Huli Huli chicken with rice, pancit, and lumpia for $10. 

Being Filipino, I had some expectations of what the food would taste like and they went above and beyond that. This truck truly does serve homemade, fresh food just like how my family has made it all my life. 

I cannot wait to come back again and have that little taste of home away from home!"
"""Island Time."" It's a word that can bring you joy or devastation depending on the situation. Island Time when you're relaxing under the summer sun (or the glow of your computer monitor in a well air conditioned room) when you receive a text message that you don't need to come into work tomorrow, that's pretty nice. Island Time when you're rushing to catch a flight and you're behind someone in security who, at the last minute, realizes he has to dig out his laptop buried deep within a suitcase that's the size of King Tut's Tomb... not as nice. 

I think that OverRice brings only the good aspects of Island Time in the form of food and service. They serve a modest but tasty selection of Hawaiian and Filipino dishes. There's no headache in selecting what you want. Sometimes choice is good, but more often it is exhausting. I walked up, said the word ""chicken"" and my order was done. It was like I uttered a magical phrase which unlocked some arcane secret of deliciousness. Two syllables of language bestowed upon me a box of boneless chicken over fluffy jasmine rice, pancit (Filipino style noodles with a bit of mixed veggies), and a lumpia Shanghai (long, fried, pork-filled spring roll of amazingness). 

I'm not from the regions in which these foods originate, so I can't comment on their authenticity. However, the tastes and preparation *seem* different and unique enough to me to make it seem like it must be authentic. One side note is that while the food is splendid on its own, it is thoroughly enhanced by the sweet sauce provided optionally. Sriracha is usually on hand as well. I recommend a small helping of both to pack in as much flavor as possible without ruining the rich simplicity of the meal.

I've had this truck 3 or 4 times. My orders have been served quickly, and the food quality has been consistent. That's what I mean about it bringing the best of Island Time: their speed gives *you* extra time to relax. Additionally, the guys who operate this truck are chill and kind. I wish my color vocabulary was better, because whatever the light greenish blue tint their truck is painted must be scientifically proven to reduce stress. If you see this truck at an event or on its own, I recommend you soak in its good vibes and pig out. =)"
"I was excited to try this place out when I saw that they had Filipino food.. but it's not traditional Filipino food. It was such a let down for me. I wouldn't even call it fusion. The Filipino pork adobo tastes nothing like the adobo I grew up with, there's more of a Hawaiian influence. It doesn't have the taste of the soy sauce, vinegar, black peppercorn, etc. that's  prominent in the dish. The pancit doesn't taste Filipino either. It tastes more like a seaweed salad. The only redeeming ""Filipino food"" is the lumpia but there's only one given in the meal combo. The food itself was okay, the pork was a bit tough. If they're going to continue to advertise this as Filipino food- do it right."
Best food truck around! Insane portions and absolutely delicious food.. you'll want more, but you won't have the room.
Obsessed. The chicken adobo is to die for!!!! I eat here at least 3 times a month! Service is also great!
The lumpia are still as good as I remember! I ordered some at the Lake Eola Farmer's market and it was one roll for $2. Each roll is long and thin and very, very tasty.
"Today, OverRice Food Truck stopped by my office.  I'm lucky to have an employer that brings us a local Orlando food truck every Wednesday from 11am - 3pm.  It's just one way I've been able to try a few different ones lately.  

I just can't express how fantastic this food was.  This was the second time I've gotten a meal from OverRice Food Truck.  It was probably over a year ago when my girlfriend took me to a Tasty Tuesday over in the Milk District part of town.  We walked around for a while before settling on OverRice back then and we were not displeased in the slightest.  

Fast forward to today and I can't honestly remember what I had that night.  I just remember it being good.  Today I got their Mixed Plate which includes 2 choices of meat (Huli Huli Chicken, Kalua Pig or  Pork Adobo).  I opted for the Kalua Pig and Pork Adobo.  All the meats were tender and well seasoned in their own way.  The flavor of the meat alone was unreal.  They have Soy sauce, Sriracha and Sweet Chili Sauce available as condiments you can add to your personal taste preference.  On top of the generous portion of meat you're given, each dish comes with Jasmine rice placed on the bottom of your food container.  It soaks up the meat juices nicely and ends up being flavorful when you get to it and not plain at all.  You're also give Pancit (rice noodles with vegetables) and Lumpia (a Filipino version of an egg roll that also contain a substantial portion of meat inside). It's so much food.  I only wish I had taken a picture but there are so many on Yelp already that provide a great representation of what this food truck has to offer.  

I'd also like to say this;  One thing I was able to do today that you can't typically do at a Food Truck pod is interact with the owner.  The food truck pods have all of the owners/cooks so busy.  He was incredibly friendly and excellent at pronouncing my name and telling me a brief story of his experience in an Italian restaurant down in Mexico that he frequents.  A very friendly guy.  I told him how I'd enjoyed the food a while ago and was glad to be trying it again.  

I also see some reviewers displeased at the cost saying it's a bit expensive.  You're getting a quality product here from someone who knows how to prepare it to excellence.  $12 for my order today was nothing compared to the fact that I can easily spend that much on subpar fast food or counter service places that put out a product with a whole lot less flare.  

If you're interested in trying Hawaiian/Filipino fusion, I highly recommend you find this food truck around Orlando and make it your choice."
Nice guys. made lumps on the spot. pretty good, but not enough meat inside. I lived in Phillipines as a child so I know excellent local food.
"A recent wedding reception host used Over Rice services to prepare hawaiian foods.
Huli Huli chicken, roasted pork under leaves, pancit, rice, and a macaroni salad were delivered and fed 60 people .   Unique taste and consistency - delicious.   Consider this alternative style when you plan your next event menu."
This place is delicious, always have to grab some lumpia and food from here when I see them at a Farmer's Market.
Over Rice offers Hawaiian and Filipino favorites such as Pork Adobo and Huli Huli Chicken. However, my favorite is their Kalua Pork. It's unbelievably tender and bursting with flavor! Their combination plate is definitely the way to go. They give you the option of either one or two meats and each plate comes with Filipino noodles and a seriously yummy eggroll. You will not be disappointed!
Visited them at the Wintergarden farmers market and the best word I can describe it is WOW. Fantastic food...we went with the single meat plate with the Kailua pork and were served a very generous portion of delicious pork, rice, and noodles. We were very full and happy after visiting and will visit again and again.
While it was the longest line at Tasty Tuesday's in the Milk District, it was worth the wait! Their Huli Huli chicken is delicious - the lumpia (slender fried pork & veggie roll) delightful. Even more so with the sweet and sour sauce they provide. The noodles were good too- plenty of great food for a good price. They were nice people to boot- very helpful while answering questions. Can't wait to go back.
"Masarap!!! (That means delicious in Tagalog- the language of the Philippines.) Although I believe that my mom makes the best Filipino food ever, the OverRice food truck saves the day when I'm far from home (which is most of the time).
     The first time I tried OverRice was at the downtown farmer's market at Lake Eola. The staff was super nice and friendly. I got the pork adobo meal and it was delicious- juicy meat, awesome flavor, and nice crispy ""crack rolls."" Since then, I've also tried the Kalua pig. Pork adobo is still my fave but they are both very tasty. I always get the single meat meal and for $10, I feel like the portion is pretty generous and I am never able to finish it all. I also like the sweet chili sauce that you can help yourself to. I also like to put just a little sriacha on my pancit for a little kick (don't tell my mom!)
     I follow OverRice on fb and insta and they are pretty good about updating their schedule for the week. They are usually at lake eola on sundays and regularly at the food truck bazaar at the fashion square mall. Definitely check them out! One of my favorite food trucks in central Florida."
"""A taste of Guam"". Good food. Good Service. Make sure you find out where this truck is when you are in the Orlando area."
"I ordered the vegetable pancit and pork lumpia. It is SO good. My boyfriend tried some and has been dreaming of it ever since.

Highly recommend for a quick fix."
Sorry for my late review but here it goes.....went to see the tree lighting in downtown Orlando. While waiting I walked around and checked out the cute vendors. I was starving and decided to see what the trucks had to offer. The line wasn't very long but still a few people. I opted to wait and how glad was I. The food was amazing the pancet(not sure if I spelled it correctly) was amazing, chicken perfectly seasoned. I would eat here everyday if I knew where they were lol. But over all the lady that look my order was sweet and the food was prompt and did not have to wait long.
I'll throw it out there. Over Rice is the best food truck in Orlando. Why such a strong statement? Because they serve tender flavorful pork, and I love tender flavorful pork. Ive had Filipino food before but I find Over Rice excellent. I typically go for the Kalua Pork, Pancit and Lumpia. The Lumpia is typically crispy, which is a good contrast in texture to the tender pork and pancit. The pork is cooked perfectly and very tender. I haven't had any of the chicken combos because I find it hard to choose chicken over pork. You can really tell my bias is showing, but I promise I will try the chicken next time I visit and they are out of pork. For an 8 dollar plate, its definitely worth a try if you are looking for something new.
Have had the pleasure of visiting this food truck twice, and both times were fantastic! Had pork tacos, lumpia rolls, pork riblets, pancit noodles and jasmine rice. All of the food was fresh and delicious with great seasoning. This is a new favorite!
Very fun concept full of delicious food. Came here on a Tuesday night and it was definitely something I've never had before.
"I don't usually start with service first but Joel is awesome. Super friendly and very down to earth. Any questions you have he fields them like a pro. 

It was from him we learned his sister makes the sauce from scratch. It is an amazing sauce, for super spicy fans you can kick it up by adding some sriracha that they provide. It goes really nicely with the sauce.

The Pork Adobo and Kalua Pig were amazing all over the a bed of rice noodles, sprouts and other veggies with the home made sauce. 

We also go the Lumpia.

Lumpia reminds me of the Filipino version of a flautas, it's like a fried spring roll/ tortilla rolled up with meat, seasonings and such. 

I enjoyed the food, the experience and the service.  Two thumbs up."
We had lunch here today at the Winter Garden Farmer's Market. It was really good! I'm tough to please, I am 1/2 Filipino. We had the adobo and Huli huli  chicken . We plan to go back. It was nice meeting Pearl today too:)
"I was really excited to see a Fiilipino food truck in the Winter Garden Farmers Market, and I was not disappointed. 

I got a single plate ($10) of pork adobo, lumpia shanghai, rice, and pancit. I really enjoyed the pancit. My mom makes it differently, but it was still close to home. While the pork fell off the bone, I thought it was too salty for my taste. The lumpia was delicious. The rice was slightly undercooked, and there's a coconut flavor to it. I'd rather just have plain rice, but that's just me. Next time, I'll just get a side of pancit ($5) and lumpia (2 for $2), which is cheaper than the plate. 

I didn't really interact with the owner, but he was also swamped. This line was longer than most vendors at the market. I'll definitely try this again. Maybe I'll try something different, but at least the pancit and lumpia are solid choices."
"Full disclaimer: I lived in Hawai'i for a year so I'm almost always disappointed with Hawaiian restaurants on the mainland. OverRice food truck was at an office parking lot near my work on a Friday and I decided to give it a shot after I had read some people really liked it. 
I have to say the flavors were spot on. 


Ordered a 1 meat plate that included pancit, scoop of rice lumpia and Huli huli chicken. Im not a big fan of pancit and lumpia  so for me it was okay. The Huli huli chicken was reminiscing of the one in Hawai'i... flavorful and moist. I also ordered a Hawaiian Sun lilikoi to accompany it. In conclusion it was a throw back to the year I lived in Hawai'i and the ono food I miss. The only thing missing was the Mac salad. Also important to mention the attendants were super nice, excellent service is always a big plus. Would I buy again from them?  
Most definitely"
"Visited the truck during Casselberry's Art in the Park (great monthly event) and tried it because I haven't ever had Filipino food.  I got a huge pile of stuff that was good to just mix together with lots of sauce.  Ok... Not descriptive, I know... But that is my true memory. A big pile of flavorful goodness.
The guy at the truck window wasn't bad on the eyes, either.  Just sayin..."
Really delicious, and truly a filipino and hawaiian fusion. A bit expensive for a food truck and staff aren't really accommodating and friendly at all. Worth trying though
"My friend and I approached OverRice (I hope I'm not butchering the name lol), and honest to God, we both agreed that this place was honestly so ""worth."" Really good portion/price ratio, and it's just such a unique concept. I've never had a fusion Hawaiian/Filipino experience on my taste buds before. 

So yea... now I can die happy. 

Thanks, OverRice. XD 

I got the 2 meats mixed plate: pulled pork and pork adobo, and it came with rice, pancit and lumpia."
Ordered chicken and pancit (not sure if it's spelled correctly).  Loved it and definitely want more!
"This is a truck I always make a point to stop by, no matter who else is out at the same event.   They serve traditional Filipino/Hawaiian dishes and you can get a ""plate lunch"" which comes with a little bit of everything including lumpia (I can never eat enough of these eggrolls!), pancit (noodles) and one or two portions of meat.  The Huli Huli chicken is especially delicious, cooked in a sweet sauce and usually very juicy.  The owner of the truck and his family, who are always part of the team, are genuinely sweet and always appreciate their customers.   They post their schedule on facebook every week but they can usually be found at the Lake Eola farmers' market on Sundays, Audobon Park Market Monday nights and Tasty Tuesday's in the Milk District every other week."
I love this truck. I've had it when it parks outside of work in Lake Mary and I've had it at the Fashion Square Mall festival. Extremely good. I had the chicken with noodles and rice. I wish I could buy their egg rolls by the dozen.
Finally got to try this Over Rice and got the pancit and lumpia it was good the lumpia was really delicious had lots of favor the pancit was OK  next time I'll try the other on the menu.
It's about time I share this truck with the world! My sister introduced me to the Over Rice truck many years ago and even though she's since moved to Chicago this is ALWAYS on the hit list when she comes home. The delicious flavor combinations of Hawaiian and Filipino are so fresh and not over complicated it truly is crave worthy! Not to mention the owner Joel radiates positive and GOOD VIBES!
"This food is soooo good and a great value. The price for this meal is only $10. I ordered pork adobo which comes with pancit and jasmine rice. The pancit has fresh spinach, red peppers, onions, edamame and carrots. The jasmine rice has a light flavor and pleasant fragrant smell. This dish smells heavenly and the flavors are truly delicious. This also came with lumpia ...a Filipino spring roll but I ate before I took the pic. Yum! 

The staff is courteous and the service was quick. This is one of my favorite food trucks. They also have available condiments of siracha and a sweet sauce. Next time I might try the other meat options of ham or chicken."
"I'm so glad that they are often at the Winter Garden Farmer's Market, because it makes it a lot easier for me to eat their delicious, delicious food.

My favorite is the Huli Huli Chicken and I often get it as the $10 plate. It comes with Rice, Pancit, and Lumpia. And it's a pretty decent portion as well. You must also try the sweet chili sauce - it's not very sweet and have more of a kick than your regular sweet chili sauce. They also have Sriracha if you prefer even more kick.

I'm deducting a star simply because I've often found the rice to be a little too mushy, and the pancit a little too dry. Nevertheless, the overall flavor of their food is pretty darn good, and I often find myself checking to see if they'll be at the Farmer's Market that week."
"Great option at the Orlando Farmers Market!

I found out about this place after yelping the farmers market. Someone posted a picture of their set up, & seeing their Filipino food, I knew I had to try it.

I'm always a little put off by food truck food because I always assume portions are small. Over Rice proved me wrong! I did get the two meat option, but it was enough to share with someone else, & we stayed full for a couple of hours.

I would suggest getting there a little earlier, because they do run out of meats. I would've loved to try their adobo, but we ended up with their huli huli chicken & kalua pork. It came with jasmine rice, pancit (just think: ""Filipino noodles""), & lumpia (essentially an egg roll). All of it was SO good.

The awesome thing about trying someone else's take on dishes you know is being able to experience that variety. I loved their pancit; it had extra vegetables I never thought to put in there like edamame. The jasmine rice soaked up the sauce from the meat, so even eating that alone was flavorful. The lumpia, however, did taste like something my aunt would make, so I was really happy about that. Only difference? Over Rice's is extra long, so it's probably the same as eating three  regular sized ones.

Will definitely be making it a stop next time I'm at the farmers market!"
AWESOME!  If there is a listing or calendar to show where you will be going each day, I would love to know!
"I ordered ""to go"" for potluck dinner with my friends and the Crispy Pata was good. My friend's order Lechon Kawali is bad. The skin is not even crispy and taste bland. Very disappointed with the Okoy ordered. The resto is spacious. Price is okay."
"I always have a huge weakness for Filipino food and trying out new places (despite ordering the same stuff over and over). My old favorite lechon kawali is hard to mess up, the fatty pork belly did seem a bit more cooked down/ lean in a good way where you don't feel like you're eating mushy fat. The ukoy is large and shareable among the table. The beef kaldereta is pull apart soft. The most surprising dish was actually the tofu sisig, which I regret not trying more. Rice (get the garlic rice) is ordered separately (weird concept), but the bowl size is humongous! The egg pie is just okay, but the halo halo is delicious with good quality ube ice cream.

Price wise it seemed appropriate (considering U.S. conversion). Service seems to be good enough, but is noticeably slower when it gets crowded. Also with so many large families, the noise inside echoes everywhere and it gets tiring to yell at your own table."
"It was quite empty when I entered at about 11:45 am. They open at 10am. I was the only one there. The decor is simple and tasteful. No pictures on the walls just yet. Very clean and the washrooms are very well kept and smell nice too. They had just opened for business back on the latter portion of December 2015. 
Here we go, my friend and I ordered Pork Binagoongan, Beef Kare Kare and a bowl of garlic fried rice. I was pleasantly surprised by how quickly we received our food shortly after ordering. Now the food was tasty and delicious. So flavourful and tender. The garlic fried rice was just right. The sauces for both meat orders were very well done. The bagoong that came with the Kare Kare was salty and delicious. I was so full afterwards. Keep in mind that a bowl versus a cup of rice is perfect for good two people. Overall the price is a bit much for the amount of food. But I believe I may go back to try other items. The staff are very friendly and courteous. Plus I didn't get a chance to try their dessert cuz I was so full. I'll be back."
"Felly manager of Kumare Delta welcomes you to the newest restaurant in North Delta located across the parking lot from Superstore on 80th & 120th. 
Open for late breakfasts, lunch, coffee & pastries, and dinner. 10:00am to 9:00pm daily. Lots of parking. Very clean, and very cordial staff."
My step mother was Filipino, since her passing we have missed her lumpia.  Not anymore - F&S make it fresh fry it when ordered.  The pancit & adobo are excellent.  Wonderful family owns and runs the restaurant.  You can tell, it feels like home.
This place was amazing!!! Side note: they are newly established in this location so patience is key, and boy was it worth the wait! We had the fresh lumpia and the adobo chicken. Both were fantastic. OH! And the Turon was on point! The owners were so kind and accommodating and informed us beforehand that there would be a bit of a wait, which was not long at all. A definite gem!
I highly recommend this place it's affordable and the food here are all delicious. They are very kid friendly and the owners are very warm and kind. Love this place.
Who would've thought you'd find an authentic Filipino restaurant nearby the Portland Airport. And, oh my word, my first time experiencing eating at my native's traditional restaurant that is so polite, friendly, and funny. The food is so amazing!!! Made to order - so fresh! Maraming salamat, Mike and Erwina for filling our bellies with your delicious cooking! Stay blessed! We will be visiting again!
Wow this place is good.  Service is great, feels like eating at home with friends and family.  If you don't see a favorite food item on the menu, they will gladly cook it for you with a day's notice.
"Boy am I glad I found this spot! Came in for dinner at around 730pm on a Wednesday and it was pretty quiet- a couple who dined in had just left and another couple were picking up a to go order so I was the only diner for about 30 mins- chatted with the owner and his family who were all working this evening about the Philippines since I grew up there. 

Ordered the lumpiang shanghai (pork lumpia) and bicol express and they were bothe excellent! The lumpia filling was savory and the perfect texture and the bicol express had just the perfect level of heat (though in the Philippines it's a bit hotter still) and bite. The portions were super generous especially considering the super reasonable price point. Heard that this used to be more of a food truck type of joint and that they're only recently brick and mortar. Well if you want super delicious filipino food in generous portions look no further than this spot! Next time I'm back in Portland I will be back!"
What a hidden gem. We came in to eat and had their pork lumpia and split a kare kare. I have to say, the food was absolutely amazing. Tasted like a home cooked Filipino meal. Flavours in the kare kare were on point, peanut sauce was creamy and sweet but not overpowering. Adding a little siracha really made the sweetness of the sauce pop. And the owner is seriously the nicest dude ever! What a great find, would definitely recommend this spot to anyone in the area. The food is bomb and really reasonably priced.
Best Filipino food I've ever had. The People there are very friendly. The Mac n cheese with bacon was really good.  The smoothies were amazing.  Definitely coming back again.
"What a great restaurant to take over the space!  The food was fantastic and came out piping hot, made fresh to order and our smoothies were very good.

We got a strawberry and an avocado smoothie, the lumpia, spring rolls, bicol express and Filipino menudo special (completely different from the Mexican version).  If you happen to see the menudo, absolutely get it, slow cooked meat in a tasty sauce with rice! 

The service was great, we got our appetizers and smoothies very quickly and the main dishes came in a very reasonable time.  The owners are all very friendly, we must have spent an hour talking to Mike about the restaurant and life in general while we were eating."
"Masarap = delicious;tasty 
They just opened and the interior may look like it's ""not ready"" but my family and I went there for the food  and they did not disappoint. I love that we didn't feel rushed and I'm glad that there's finally a Filipino restaurant close to home so I can get my Pinoy food fix when I want. Will definitely come back."
When in northeast Portland check out this restaurant that offers many kinds of freshly made Filipino food in large and delicious portions. As first time visitors we had a lunch of tasty lumpia, a generous and well-made platter of pancit bihon, and sisig with rice and fried egg. The service was attentive and the prices low. A little more attention to table settings and interior decoration would create a more inviting atmosphere. Open only five months and apparently undiscovered. Fork and Spoon deserves to have many more dedicated patrons.
"Best I have had. Really nice.
Empanadas and Lumpia were perfect 
Ponsit

I can't spell the other beef stuff but we liked it. 

Winner winner"
Really lovely family run restaurant! The staff were super helpful and able to answer all questions I had as well as make recommendations- I'm not too familiar with Filipino cuisine. Food was fast, tasty, and affordable! I work in office just down the street and am really glad this place opened as there isn't much in the way of good lunch places within walking distance.
It was our first time at this place today and we were not disappointed. We recently moved here from San Diego, where there's a ton of Filipino restaurants and then coming here and we have to drive to Seattle for any of it. The food here is great. We ordered tapsilog, spamsilog, and halo halo for dessert. The food is made to order, serving is huge, and definitely you get what you paid for which is a big plus. The customer service is great as well. It definitely felt like home. Would recommend this place to anyone
Great amazing custom blend smoothies/shakes. I had mango, pineapple, banana. I squeezed fresh lemon in N stirred. Fabulous!
Newly opened. Best food in this neighborhood (ties with Pho Dalat). Filipino cuisine, family owned, friendly service. Huge portions and the meat dishes were really great. Chicken skewers were awesome. Noodles could use a selection of spicy sauces, but good. They do omelettes for breakfast and also offer takeout. The service was great, but the kitchen was a bit slow. I'm sure that's just because they're new at this! Check it out. Yummy, delicious, not too spicy, perfect bbq flavors. My kid loved it, too.
Best restaurant in the neighborhood.  The food's tasty, with good portions.  The staff (all family, as near as I can tell) are friendly and attentive, and will happily give suggestions.  Looking forward to dinuguan showing up on the rotating special menu.
If you are craving Filipino food or if you want to try something new to you this is a great place to go. Although this restaurant is recently opened the owner has many years experience running a very large food truck. All foods are prepared fresh after you order so be prepared for the fresh food wait. And the wait is worth it. If it's breakfast, lunch or dinner your belly is sure to be pleased.
"Finally! A Filipino restaurant that we can go to! Good selection of food! Mike ( i guess one of the owners)  is very courteous and friendly. Their long silog and pancit bihon were on spot! The sagot gulaman was an answer to this hot weather!

Again Congratulations to you guys! And were looking forward for our next visit!"
Yum! Amazing food. Left me wanting more. Had Sisag, and it was absolutely scrumptious. Wife got Chicken Adobo, and it was equally excellent, and totally different flavor profile. Great service-very friendly. Can't wait to go back and try other dishes. This will definitely be  in my rotation in
Wait, I don't ever crave Filipino food and I wasn't the one that decided on this place, but OH MY GOD the Tocilog was hella good. The gem with this place is their char. Both the sisig and the tocino has this char that was extra special. The flavors were just enough and didn't leave my mouth feeling like a wad of salt. My brother and I also tried to figure out how they made the fried rice so magical and we decided that they probably added some adobo sauce with the steamed rice and browned it up to make it magical brown rice that hits the spot. Btw, the tocilog came with a whole rice field of rice... idk how I'd ever finish that rice in one sitting LOL. Wish I had more tocino tho. Overall, reaaaallly good Filipino joint! Perfect for after you hit up the grotto and buy your titas some rosaries to match their LV bags ;) lol jk
"The owners know Filipino Food well. This is as close to an atmosphere and flavor that you can get to a Filipino American mom cooking a home cooked meal. The food was delicious and authentic. I personally had the Sisig which was very similar to what I had at home. The halo halo is like something you would get if you were to buy the ingredients and make it yourself. The portions are good for the price and there are so many choices.

I had a little chat with one of the owners after our lunch and he really wanted to create a center for Filipinos to be able to eat meals that remind them of home and to be able to just freely chat about Filipino culture and family. I believe this is a solid spot if you've been craving Filipino food or have wanted to try it.

P.S. he said he converted from being a Chicken Adobo fan to a Pork Adobo fan because of his wife's cooking. So I'd probably give that a try."
"OMGoodness this place is the real thing.
Chicken Adobe, Pancit, Lumpia all my favorites.
Made when ordered fresh vegetables. The waiter with the patience of a monk explaining every dish we asked about a very kind man. Very clean also.
So many dishes so little time. I can see this as a weekly meal stop. Easy parking."
It's like eating at home. The Tagalog in the background makes it that much more authentic.
The best filipino food, especially my bicol express! Great service, great people and the best food.
We visited this restaurant for the first time and were very pleased. I ordered the chicken tinola and my husband ordered the pinoy spaghetti. We also ordered the pork lumpia and spring roll. Both were very good and the dipping sauce was on point. We would definitely come back again the next time we're in Portland.
Just opened! Very declicious food and attentive service. Atmosphere is no frills and very laid back. Only been for lunch, but I'm heading back for brunch soon. I recommend the Adobo. Or pancit if you like noodles.
"I called and asked if they had dinaguan. The lady was very polite and said not today but we will have some tomorrow. 
I called the next day and sure enough it was just being finished. I got over there as fast as I could and got it as take out. 
Got home, opened the box and was pleased to see tons of rice and a healthy portion! My.first bit was bliss and now I need to go back and try everything else!!! Now if I could get there in time to try the Puto with cheese. Apparently  it sells.out quickly."
My Auntie had been yearning for Filipino food and well she was so happy we found this little family restaurant. Food was great but service was so outstanding. They truly made us feel welcomed like old friends.
I was very skeptical walking in as I don't normally like trying out new types of food. I quickly read the menu and found a plate called SIGIG with lemon beef and rice. Honestly it was amazing! The perfect blend of spices with fried onions and house sauce topped with a medium egg. Service was good and staff were very polite before and after my meal. I will certainly be back to try out other dishes!
"Just arrived in town from the east coast and needed to find a spot to eat. Hubby mentioned Filipino food and this spot popped up. From the moment we walked in the door I could tell we were in for an amazing lunch! And I wasn't wrong!! The menu has many options and all looks and sounded so delicious. We are only in town for 2 weeks and definitely hoping to stop in at least once more!
The staff was friendly as well."
Definitely give this spot a try. I was in the mood for some good food and through my search of the restaurants in the Vancouver/NE Portland area I stumbled across Fork and Spoon, I'm soooooo glad I did. Growing up on a military base I have eaten Filipino food several times and have a pretty descent standard in what I consider good. This place does not disappoint. Everything was tasty and fresh. I went with the pancit bihon, tocilog(the garlic fried rice included was on point), and of course and order of lumpia. It was great food at a great price, enough food for two adults go get two meals out of it.  If you're in the area you should really check it out.
"Had food here tonight-was surprised how good it was!  There were 8 of us and we had plenty of room.  There were a variety of dishes ordered and every single person ate freely and abundantly!

Personally, I had the teriyaki chicken with an order of lumpia and a soda.  The soda was canned, which is meh-but it's a new facility so we will see if that continues.  The lumpia was AMAZING-I have never had a dipping sauce with them but the sauce here is so good!  The teriyaki chicken was lean and flavorful without the thick syrupy teriyaki.  Lots of rice makes this a very filling dish.  It came with squash and green beans that really filled out the plate.

The restaurant is definitely a family affair.  Our servers were the husband and niece of the owner, and the owner does the cooking.  I'm very excited to have eaten here!"
"I had read in our neighborhood newspaper that a Filipino Restaurant was going to open soon in the Parkrose area and I couldn't wait. I had the longsilog and it was delicious. It was a huge portion for only $9. Easily two meals worth. All of the food is made to order. As Erwina the owner says, ""Not fast food, but good food as fast as I can"". Definitely worth the wait. There is lots of seating and the vibe is that of hanging out while visiting and eating good food. The staff is super friendly as well. I will be back soon to order the pancit, adobo and lumpia."
"I'm so glad I found this place on yelp. With the awesome reviews, I decided to give it a try! Best decision!

The food was delicious and authentic. Reasonable priced for the amount of food you get. 

I will be recommending this restaurant and looking forward to trying more items on the menu."
A wonderful find! Our family had lunch here this weekend and enjoyed our meal. Our girls had chicken adobo that came with some rice and veggies, both our daughters really enjoyed it. My husband ordered the beef bistek  and I had their sinigang pork which was so tender , both dishes are highly recommended! We also ordered their lumpia and tokwa and baboy, super sarap (delicious)! We will definitely be back. Great food and such friendly service from the owners. Thank you!!
The food is great. They are still working on developing their service and atmosphere, but I bet they'll get there. Not many vegan options I don't believe. Looking forward to coming back and seeing this restaurant thrive in Parkrose!
"All around great food !! 
Being married to a beautiful Filipino woman that cooks I automatically have my reservations about trying anything other than the wife's food. Look out, this place is fantastic. Being fairly new this place gives me that at home feel. And the food is worth every cent. The portions are more than enough and can easily be shared. We will definitely be back. 

Thanks for the great service and amazing food"
"I work down the street from Fork and Spoon and finally made the trip in and I was not disappointed. I have never had Filipino food before, so I really had no idea what to get. But, the staff is very friendly and it was all family in there working at the time. I went with the suggestion from the woman at the counter (trocilog with fried rice and a fried egg). 

It was delicious and just the right amount of spice and sweetness. The serving size was good for the price and I would not hesitate to get the same thing again!"
Masarap is Filipino for delicious. My favorites are the lumpia and the adobo. They offer a variety of meals, including vegetarian and vegan.
We have been here twice now and the food is very good. We ordered the Chicken Pancit and Chicken Adobo and both dishes were big enough that we each got two meals out of it. We will be going back. :)
Good food, good service...it was a little slow, but I think it's because they're new and still trying to find their groove! But overall pretty good!
This place is soooo gooood. So authentic and it tastes just like my grandma's cooking. This place has been my go to if I need to grab a bite on my lunch break when I'm working in the area. The food does not disappoint and the portion is really good for the price!
If you're in the area and are craving some real Filipino food, go here!! Service was very quick and polite and they have specials that you can order as well. I'd definitely return if I'm back in Oregon.
"I absolutely  love this restaurant. It's about a 45  minute drIve from where I live and it's totally worth it. This is the truest Filipino food I have ever had here in the United States, and I've lived in Daly City before (which some people calls ""the little Manila"". 

I found them first as  a food truck, down in Beaverton years ago, and this January (2020) I finally made it to their restaurant. I was told they've been here for a couple of years now. 

This is definitely a family owned and family ran restaurant. From the chef to the waiter to the cashier are all family members. They are all friendly, efficient and fast. 

The place is spacious and can hold an event or two at the same time. Filipino decor (wood carvings of water buffaloes and karitela, jeepneys and little nick-nacks, posters of mountains and vIews fRom the Philippines  and of course, tv witH the Filipino channel on. And yes, all those things add up to the whole experience. 

The food, the food! Oh where to start?? My favorite of all in here are the empanadas. Meat and veggies inside a handmade bread, it's even better than I remember! It is so savory and hot (cooked only when ordered) and they add just enough spice to make it so tasty! The pancit is always a winner, the lumpiang shanghai is how it should be, seasoned, and cooked golden brown, and tasty on its own, with or without sauce or dip. (Magna Kusina murdered this kind of lumpia at their restaurant but this place gave it new life!) the Bicol express taste exactly like you're in Bicol. The bistek is how my Lola used to make it, and halo-halo is a must after your meal. I also bought some of their  puto (rice cakes) to take home with me and it's definitely as soft and firm and delicious as I remember it. 

Much thanks to the husband and wife who runs this place, One can definitely taste and feel all the  hard work, effort and love that comes with every plate. 

If you're the thinking you want to try the real Filipino food, make a trip to this place. It will be so worth it."
"Basically one of THE BEST Filipino Foods I have ever tasted EVER! Its a very nice and quiet and clean restaurant when I went there on an afternoon. Theres the corner street 107th you might miss the place but it has park benches out front. Sandy Blvd and 107th intersect. Even took a picture from inside.
I ordered 2 dishes since I was planning to take some home for later. The 2 items I ordered were Pork Adobo and Beef Bistik. Normally it comes with vegetables but I customized my request order to hold off any veggies -but allowed onions since I like the sautee of it.
If you ever had filipino food before and like the garlic vinegar flavor - THIS IS THE PLACE.
Ive had many Adobe dishes before and what I like is the tart slight sour BUT when you pair it with the rice pattie, it blends in PERFECTLY. The way adobe is meant to be eaten. You savor the taste and enjoy the seasoning. Im coming back again here for sure!"
The food was delicious!! I've been looking for some good Filipino food. Don't be deterred by the eclectic seating. The food really sells this place and the service was great. I could see this food being sold in an upscale restaurant or have interior design like Pho Van.
Finally an authentic Filipino restaurant nearby. We loved everything we ordered. Daughter was thrilled with the vegetarian options. Loved the sisig and bicol express. Nice friendly staff! We're coming back for sure.
"Took my family here today to remember my brother's 6th year of passing. RIP baby brother. Definitely missing some home cooking today and they sure did hit the spot. It felt like family and it tasted like mom's cooking. It's a gem. And it's right next to my work and I didn't even know it. They will be seeing a lot of me. Seriously the best chicken adobo I've had. Just like mom's. And the pancit (we got vegetable my wife doesn't eat meat) was a gracious portion and fantastic. Everything we ordered was perfect. 

Thank you for making a otherwise sad day, pretty damn memorable."
Great authentic Filipino food but a little over cooked. The customer service is lacking and we felt we were bothering the server.
"So glad we finally stopped her to eat after seeing it open months ago. Judging by all the good reviews they really don't need me chiming in but I will do it anyway. Place is large and the staff as mentioned before all seem to be family.  I was craving the noodle dish (pancit (sp?) and was not disjointed also the lumpia was everything I had hoped.  The portions here are a bit ridiculous. The noodle dishes seem to be enough for two meals and it does make a great lunch the next day (or dinner). Next I am trying the Adobo which also looked large but more reasonable compared to the noodle dishes. We will be back soon. 
One more thing, on the menu they do offer some more mundane dishes like chicken nuggets and grilled cheese so if you are eating with kids or others who don't like this food there might be something for them. 
Support local family owned places and eat here. You will be happy."
So good! Omg, what a find. Great Filipino food... lumpia, pancit, tapsilog, adobo, avocado shake... and a nice surprise were empenadas like the kind you get in Chile. I will be back. Love the 80s music
Visiting Portland for the weekend, decided to grab brunch close by the airport. If you want filipino food, this is the place to go. Everything in the menu is made to order. I ordered Spamsilog with mango smoothie. I loved the smoothie, as it was made with real mangoes and not those powdered ones they always serve in other places. Spamsilog came with fried rice and egg. Everything  was delicious, I wish I took a before and after picture of my plate since I basically licked the plate clean of food. Would definitely recommend going here again.
Came here on a whim awhile back when I was in the area after searching on Yelp for nearby Filipino food. I've been searching out all the Filipino food restaurants that Portland has to offer since there are not very many. Growing up with my Lola's cooking, I crave Filipino food every so often. My husband and I were welcomed by a sweet couple and seated right away. I wanted Kare Kare, oxtail braised in a peanut stew, and my husband opted for the Pork Sisig, chopped pork with rice and egg. For the most part, it all tasted authentic and portions were reasonable. Although it lacked a little bit of flavor, it was very comforting. I hope to come back and try their adobo, one of my other favorite dishes. It's not my favorite places for Filipino food, but it's definitely worth a try!
"Let start by saying I'm not Filipino but I have lots of Filipino friends and came here with a friend from work she's actually from the Philippines but has lived in Seattle for at least 35 years. She's very particular about Filipino food I've brought her to places or items from a place in Seattle and she'll usually say it should be like this or that. We had to come to Portland for a meeting and extended our visit a day. Before we drove down I looked up Filipino restaurants in Portland and came across this place and Magna Kusina. 

This looked like comfort food and was open for lunch and dinner it was a farther drive from where we were coming from that day but was worth the 45min drive and it is close to The Grotto which friend has been to but wanted to visit again. We had to laugh because the name is so fitting I've been with her at a place in Seattle when she asked for a spoon. Service was extremely friendly we talked to one of the owners nicest guy, learned it had started as a food truck in Beaverton and had been open there from 2012-2016. The brick and mortar has been open for about a year. My friend and the owner gabbed away in Tagalog. 

I had the chicken adobolog, my friend had the bistik and also ordered the Takwa't Baboy cause she wanted me try it. Everything was delicious came out quickly. We definitely return, made us feel like family. We also shared a piece of the maja blanca that's the only item she had comments about. I enjoyed but I don't know how it's supposed to be."
Popped in after searching for something new on Yelp.  Super friendly service and very attentive staff was noticed right away.  I had a hard time choosing just one item.  Love love LOVE that they have a scrolling menu on the TV screen.  I'm a visual person, so to see everything that they offered being flashed above was super helpful.  The food that we ordered was delicious, fresh, fragrant and plentiful.  I loved how all the dishes came with lots of veggies.  The best pancit I ever had!!!  We will be back.  Just wish they were open Sundays because that's when we most often venture out to that side of town.
Finding Filipino cuisine is difficult around Portland and Vancouver. It took us 3 years to find one. The food here is great! Plus, we had the best service! We asked a delivery for a birthday and they added all my requests, along with a balloon and a letter printed out. They even updated me when it was delivered and sent me a picture for confirmation. Contacting them was no difficulty even if I ordered from Philippines with the time difference. They also accomodated me even if they were closed on sundays. 5/5 for me!
Friendly staff and great selection of traditional Filipino favorites. We had a hard time narrowing down our choices with so many wonderful offerings. We will definitely be back to work our way through their menu. I missed the board, near the register when we came in. Be sure to check out their specials that are not on the menu. Casual environment with easy street parking.
Cute restaurant with friendly attentive staff. Had the pork adobo, egg noodle pancit and 10 piece lumpia. Enjoyed everything and price was reasonable. Will definitely return for more.
"I had such a great experience here! I arrived in Portland Saturday morning and the cold weather made me crave sinigang. I heard about Fork and Spoon from a friend. We arrived a little after the opened and we were greeted and seated right away. Our server Don Pogi, whose real name is mike, was so kind and funny! 

I ordered the pork sinigang, my friend ordered the tapsilog, my brother ordered the pork sisig and we shared a half order of sisig fries 

The food was delicious! Really reminded me of the food back home in San Jose. My sinigang was not as sour as I would have liked it, but a little Patis did the trick. The garlic rice from the tapsilog was so flavorful! The tapa was delicious as well. The sisig was really good! A little heavy on the mayo but super tasty. 

What really made our experience great was Don Pogi! He constantly checked if the food came out good and if we needed anything. Great friendly conversations too! Next time i come to Portland, I will definitely come back to get my Pinot Fix!"
Mom and pop shop with traditional Filipino food that doesn't disappoint. My favorite is the Kare Kare! Highly recommend! Staff are super friendly and attentive! Will be going back as much as I can!
Yummmmmy. Great food. My whole family loved it. Fresh everything check it out!!! I Will be going back again. Great service too.
Damn damn tasty. I worked thirteen hours today and hadn't eaten since six AM. This is hitting the spot in my hotel. Will definitely try some different stuff next Portland trip. Best meal I've had out in a long time.
Just like when they used to served from their food truck....it's all good. Bicol Express had a great creamy coconut milk, crunchy green beans and Lumpia!!! Nice family run business, Don't forget to order or try the Sisig fries. My wife and I had a good service and chat with the owners. Great place
I hardly eat Filipino food when I travel for work. I'm glad a came to this place. I ordered bistek and fresh lumpia on the phone to make sure I have plenty of time before my flight. I got my order in time. The bistek was delicious just like how my mom cooks it. I didn't get to try the fresh lumpia since the bistek's portion was a lot. I guess I will just eat it during my flight. Will definitely come back again when I'm in town.
"This place is AMAZING!!! I know for a fact this is high on my list of must-stops when I visit Portland again! I get nervous trying new ethnic restaurants but this was a win!!

First, the food was crazy fresh! They make it by order and you can tell. Sure maybe it means waiting a few more minutes but honestly it was completely worth it! The lumpia is outrageous! I ordered was full of flavor and not to mention there was plenty of it to share AND bring home leftovers! You can tell how much love goes into every dish.

Second, the love you taste in the food translates to the feel of the restaurant. You can sense how much they value what they do and care about their customers. Super attentive and friendly. Can't beat that right?!

The only downside for me? That I live 3000 miles away and they don't deliver."
"I'm always in search for great Filipino food in the Portland/Vancouver area.  I am originally from California, the Bay Area, Milpitas. The Filipino Community is abundant there & great Filipino restaurants is common & everywhere. I am Filipino and naturally grew up with authentic Filipino food. You can only imagine how much of a critic I am about our food. I have a really high bar to compare others cooking to.  This is why I can only give this place 3 stars. 
The Pros:  the food is fresh and cook to order. Lots if variety to choose from on the white board menu that seems to change frequently. They have filipino appetizers, entrees, sides,  desserts, baked goods & smoothies! The Restaurant gave us coconut pan de sal for the long wait.
The Cons: you have to wait over an hour to get your food after your order is placed. Food did not all come out at the same time. Food tasted under seasoned to possibly to accommodate non-filipino customers. Inside decor and table arrangements needs improvement. They need more staff & cooks to accommodate busy weekends & large groups.
Our food: We ordered sisig, sinigang beef, kare-kare, pancit, lumpias, and empanadas, & for dessert halo-halo.
I do plan to return & try other entrees since filipino restaurants are hard to find out here. But I will definitely call to order in advance."
The food was absolutely delicious! We ordered some things that could be possibly too sweet or not have enough vegetables, but everything was perfectly seasoned and tasted delicious! It was also very fresh! We wish this place was closer to us, but I will definitely suggest this place to local Filipinos and also my friends who come to visit Portland.
We picked up some chicken adobo and chicken lumpia. Did want some pork lumpia but they were out. We LOVED all the food. We will definitely go again. They gave a delicious chili oil sauce with the lumpia too. We ordered in the restaurant and waited about 10 minutes or so. I recommend calling ahead so you don't have to hang around although they did let us wait inside because they weren't doing dine in. As for parking there was a small strip out front and I believe to the left side but it didn't look to me as there was a parking lot.
Absolutely love this mom & pop    Philippino restaurant that just happens be down the street from our home. Their pork lumpia taste homemade just like a patient used to make as a gift for me! Memories! But you should also try their fresh lumpia for a delicious spin! I love the Sisig and my daughter gets the Sisig fries (and of course there's enough for us to steal some). The Biscol Express is always a winner and so is the Chicken Teriyaki. I am so glad this restaurant is so close because I am excited to try everything on the menu! Next up to try will be the Tinola, an empanada and the Tocilog! Can't wait!
I was craving Filipino food so we picked up dinner from here yesterday and I was disappointed. I mean nothing was disgusting but it was just meh.. I guess all the reviews really hyped up this place for me so I was really expecting to be more, especially for the price. The chicken was a little dry in the adobo which I've never had happen in adobo and the sisig was just ok. Flavors are just lacking all around. Like I said it wasn't bad but definitely not worth the price.
I order from this place frequently and I like the Longsilog but I am always dissapointed with the rice. I am filipino and the rice should be garlic fried rice without other things in it like green beans and carrots. I am dissapointed with this place right now. There is not a really good filipino place in the area so im stuck with this one.
so happy there's a filipino restaurant near me. their food is delicious and I love how they package it for to go order. will definitely be trying other dishes soon.
"We enjoyed dinner at Mercel's. We are familiar with the owner's first restaurant in St. Pete, where they serve amazing dishes and sell excellent baked goods.  Mercel's did not disappoint here in Orlando.

Dinner was on a Thursday evening.  The place was moderately busy. They had one waitress who was taking orders and bringing out food; understandable for a small place with only a few tables.  However, we were promptly seated with the next available table.  The table was dirty from the last customer, but he staff quickly wiped it down before going back to the kitchen. Our orders were taken within reasonable time. It took about 20 minutes before the staff brought our meals.  This seemed reasonable because our meals were cooked to order and the place was moderately busy.  Also, this is not FAST FOOD.  Might as well go to McDonalds if you want your food made quickly. We passed the time browsing for goods to buy at the store

We ordered Ampalaya, Tortang Talong, and Bistik, and given a heaping big bowl of white rice for 2 people. Every dish was excellent.  I was a little apprehensive because I am familiar and know the quality of food offered at the St. Pete location, and knew that this place will have a new chef. Regardless, we were not disappointed. More patrons arrived as we concluded our dinner.  Even though it was busier, the lone dining staff was attentive and we were helped with the bill and provided containers for leftovers promptly. 

This is how you expand a successful restaurant and join a new community. Highly recommend Mercel's to Orlando diners."
What an awesome place to eat fresh food. This is the second time we came here and we enjoyed the food and the treatment of the workers. The bulalo and lumpia are the best!!! Wish we can move in this area. We drove 1 hour and 1/2 and its worth it. Glad we found this place.
Awesome food!!!! Wish they had this in atlanta!!   Adobo chicken with the vinegar sauce is amazing.   The decor could use updating but the food rocks!
Authentic Filipino food at very reasonable prices. TFC will always be playing in background and they carry a wide variety of groceries and deserts.
The food is good and their prices are reasonable.. The staff is friendly and clean and spacious inside.. I ordered my son's birthday cake from them, they had various flavors including mocha, ube, buko pandan, mango and sans rival. The icing wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, it was just perfect.. Will be going back again.
This is WAY more delicious than Nipa Hut. I love Nipa Hut, but I'm sorry but this place tops you. This is not a regular restaurant, you literally have to let the cashier know that you are here to eat. They also have a filipino supermarket that sells filipino/asian goods. The guy who cooks the food makes all of the filipino dishes with love and our plate is always cleaned!
I give this place 3.5 stars. The sinigang tasted like pure lemon with no tamarind or fish sauce so I wouldn't recommend it. But I really enjoyed the bulalo and pancit lomi. My lolos said the pancit had a different taste that they weren't fond of but I thought the taste was pepperoni or sliced sausage and it went well with the other flavors. If you're in the area, try the pancit lomi.
"4 stars for a shop in Kissimmee that is whipping up some tasty food! I offered to bring my mom lunch one Sunday afternoon and she was in the mood for some pancit. We've been to a couple of places around Orlando and wanted to try something new ( just to figure out which place will be our favorite. Because I was already in Kissimmee, I hopped on my Yelp app and bam, there it was.
First let me say that this place is easy to miss. I passed it once and then when I knew I was in the shopping center, I still missed it again.  When I walked in, I was greeted immediately by a friendly woman who was in the process of taking an order. There were about 3 parties in the restaurant side and it seemed as though 2 of the 3 parties were regulars. I was given a menu and ordered my mom's food. Pancit for her and lumpia for me. As I waited, I took a look around the market side of the business. There I discovered come cool teats including Ube. The woman was very helpful with my Ube questions and even provided me a couple of easy recipes.  I was sold and bought some to go ( really good btw).
After waiting about 15 minutes, my order was ready. The price was very reasonable and when I took it to my mom, she loved it. She says it was better than the last place we went to. The lumpia was delicious as well. Although it's a small restaurant/market, they have an extensive menu with some good looking dishes. The place was clean and the service was very friendly. I will definitely be back to try more."
Good for found here in Kissimmee for an affordable price. Usually Filipino food for me and my family are hard to come by for the taste of home without breaking the bank, but Mercel's is great. We had the chicken adobo, bicol express, lumpia, and halo-halo. If you like a bit of spice you gotta try the bicol express, the sweet coconut milk is nice then the chili pepper add the kick in the end. This restaurant is also a market and has all the local Filipino Central Florida lacks. Go to know also you can order your food and pick up in store.
Food to order inside a combined small restaurant with groceries of Filipino items and foods. Service was quick and staff was great. We tried the Tocino and Pork sinigang and wasn't disappointed. My kid's enjoyed the food.
"Visiting from another state and craving Filipino food. I was excited to find this joint. However their hours online shows they open at 9am. Drove ways to get there and low and behold they don't open until 10am. Sigh!! 

Please update your hours on line for less inconvenience. Thank you!!"
"Been coming to this place to do little groceries but this is the first time I had my lunch here and I was very pleased. I ordered Pork Sisig and Checharon Bulaklak both were very good, the portion is enough to share for two people and the service was fast. 
Suzette, owner and managed the place was very nice and no matter how busy she was she always put a smile. 
The place is nice and clean, plenty of parking, it's right on the corner of Hwy 192 and Oak Street. 
Grocery store, bakery and restaurant. 
Filipino cuisine. 
They also do catering for all occasions."
"Decent food, limited availability, slow service

Growing up in a town with a small Asian population, my access to Filipino food was limited only to occasional family visits. That said, I was very excited to see the number of Filipino markets and restaurants in Kissimmee. I want to like Mercel's, but I left feeling a bit hungry and disillusioned. 

We tried to order the binagoongang baboy, but they were sold out despite it being before noon. After deciding on the longanisa, palabok and ginataang bilo-bilo, we waited about 30 minutes. Considering the size of the establishment and the small staff (the cashier was also taking orders), a wait was to be expected and their menu even states so. When our much anticipated food arrived, we were only served the longanisa and bilo-bilo. The server insisted that we didn't order the palabok and then let us know that it was sold out :( 
As for the food itself, the longanisa had a good grill on it but the portion was absurdly small for $7.50. I was excited for the bilo-bilo as it's a rare menu item. The portion was good and so were the bilo-bilo, but the soup itself was overly sweet.

I like the variety of products that they sell in the market and on the menu. That said, I think it's too much for such a small staff to handle. I would come back to try their pan de sal, but might opt to have a meal at one of the other Filipino eateries instead."
I'm from California, and I grew up on GOOD Filipino food. This place takes the cake -- the home-style, mom and pop store made a fellow Filipino American feel at ease.
Amazing food. Try everything, if I lived in Kissimmee I would eat here every week. Can't go wrong with bbq or seafood. All authentic cuisine.
Food is good. The service is sub-par. They are not very attentive to customer. We were the only customer eating and the server did not offer any drinks nor come to ask us if everything is ok. I have to find the server to order also for take out and for dessert. Customer service really sucks. It needs a lot of improvement. This is the 3rd time we ate in this place. No change in service. We're from out of town and just wanted good authentic filipino food and service. Guess what? I'm not leaving any tip again.
"I was really excited to see Mercel's in Kissimmee when I was in the area.  I have been going to her restaurant in Pinellas Park for years.  

The new place isn't fully open yet, there are still boxes all over the place. The food is just as good, though, and there seem to be new things on the menu.

The sisig was great.  The sizzling noise and the smell when it comes to the table really got my appetite going, and then the spice and the contrast of crunchy meat and smooth egg completely staisfied.

We had kare kare also.  Definitely NOT Mama Sita's - I have bought the mix before because I don't know how to make kare kare, and this was SO much better.

We got a mango roll  for dessert.  So light and delicious!

I read the review below and it doesn't sound like the same place at all! But what can you expect from someone who gives 4 stars to a McDonalds?"
Good filipino breakfast. Reasonable prices. Wish can be open little earlier. Service is ok. Love the selections. Good market too. Little drive for me but it's ok. If you are in the Kissimmee area, I will recommend this place if you want some authentic filipino food.
Friendly and accomodating staff and the leche flan was the bomb! Love it! My husband love the lechon kawali. They have Filipino grocery where you can find all sorts of snacks items. Whenever I will visit Orlando Florida again, this place will be in my list.
A local small  philippine market and cafe . We ordered online must pay in person .  It was hard to find with Google directions ,It was located in strip mall. We enjoyed the Lechon  Kawali and Sinangag ( Garlic Friend Fried Rice) both were excellent and great portion size  but Lumpiang Shanghai was overcooked and dried out. Also no dipping sauces given . It was good but to out if the way from my home .
"I was super excited to come here upon recommendation of a friend, and I wasn't disappointed. The Ube horchata is sooo good! It's not too sweet and the cinnamon is so subtle. The crispy seasoned potatoes with banana ketchup were really good. If banana freaks you out, you honestly couldn't even really taste it in the ketchup. The BBQ Insalal was really good! The chicken was perfectly cooked, and the rice and mung beans complimented it perfectly. 

Major plus is that this restaurant is in the middle of Lotte market. So, it's nice to walk around after and grab some yummy Asian snacks. :)"
This spot is located in lotte market place on East colonial! It's in a food court style with four other restaurants and a boba tea shop. Great place to eat and shop or shop and eat. I've never tasted Filipino cuisine before, and it was recommended to me by my coworkers. After finally making my way to lotte market, I decided to give it a try and it did not disappoint! I got the ube horchata and sisig. The Sisig is a pork and rice dish with a poached egg on top, it's paired with a white sauce and with the combo, you get two lumpia rolls! The Sisig had a kumquat instead of a lime, and it gave it another depth of flavor to the dish! I'll definitely be back to try different menu items!
This place was great and I loved their modern take on filipino food. I got the sisig bowl and my bf got the lechon kawali bowl. I really liked both of our dishes and we opted to upgrade to a combo. For $4 extra you get a drink and 2 lumpia. I liked both the ube horchata and the mango calamansi! The horchata was more creamy and sweet while the calamansi was light and refreshing. I would definitely come back to try the other dishes. This is located inside the Lotte Plaza where the food court is right where you walk in. There's plenty of parking since this is a huge asian grocery store.
Soooo this was my first time here and I'm very knowledgeable when it comes to Filipino food and it's amazing culture thanks to my beautiful girlfriend who's Filipina. I was born and raised in the San Diego area where there's a huge Filipino following there and I've had my fair share of Filipino food here in Orlando since moving here almost a year ago. But I gotta say eating here, it felt like I was back home in San Diego eating with my girlfriend and her family and it made me tear up a little bit. So I gotta say, props to the awesome employee who helped me tonight (11/12/20) and the amazing chefs in the back for cooking up this great meal. Bravo to this business and I definitely will back for more than just that Ube Horchata next time. Salamat!!!
We came during the soft opening and tried the appetizer sisig, longaniza burger, chicken bbq, adobo, lechon kawali... it was ALL YUMMY. Definitely come check them out. I wish they will open one up near Oviedo!
The second time was the charm with Taglish. I had previously attempted to try them out, but the line was ridiculous. However, now I totally understand why. i was able to sneak in around 7PM on a Tuesday and walked right up to the counter. The menu has some great options, but never having tried Filipino food, I was a bit lost. Fortunately, the counter attendant was there to talk me through the menu and recommend some of her favorite items. I settled on the BBQ Insasal bowl, which is comprised of 3 grilled chicken sicks, garlic rice, papaya salad, and stewed mung beans. Holy crap! The flavor is out of this world. I literally went home and tried to look up how I could make this chicken marinade for myself. They may be busy as all heck, but that has not effected the food quality in the slightest. However, I would recommend going during off hours to avoid the line.
I didn't love it and didn't hate it. It was just ok. I had the fried chicken escabeche bowl. Will I give it another try??? Maybe. But so far it's not something I will go out of my way to get.
It is a food court inside the market. I think it's a great combination where you can shop, and after shopping, you can go grab delicious and authentic asians food. I had the longanisa burger. And my girlfriend had the adobo chicken over rice. It was very delicious. I also had the ube horchatas, and it was banging. Their price isn't that bad. I recommend very much.
"Went to Taglish with high hopes during their soft opening.I ordered Chicken Sandwich. It was crunchy and tasty, a thigh unlike most breast sandwiches.  The fried potatoes on the plate were cold and tasteless, unseasoned. My wife got the chicken skewers and rice. The chiken was moist but the sauce was unlike the barbecue that filipinos are used to, and the meat was not charred on the grill. The rice, called garlic rice was yellow, like spanish rice, and did not seem like any garlic rice we've ever been served. The mungo bean stew seemed like an afterthought, a couple of spoonfuls soaked into the rice. The shredded adobo chicken tasted good, but again didn't seem authentic.The drinks, by the way, are fantastic. We had the Ube Horchata and Mango Calamansi.
I'm not sure what the chef is trying to achieve here at Taglish, but it seems to stray a little too far from traditional filipino tastes to satisfy our filipino family. Perhaps with more tweaking, he can achieve better results."
"Place is awesome food is very good executed at a high level with thoughtful flavor combinations 
Chef Mike visited with us while we were eating his passion for the food and desire to really welcome his guests and make them feel comfortable was impressive I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu"
Here again as we can not get enough of the Longaniza Sausage Burger. We also ordered the Chicken Skewers and the Lumpias. All were happy, happy, happy. Very satisfying. We will be back again.
I finally came here since I'm not from the area, my cousin recommended this spot to me! I had the sisig bowl, it was served over garlic rice which wasn't over powering. It also had poached egg on top to make everything better!!! The sisig is very well seasoned! My boyfriend had the bistek bowl which was also very good! I had the Ube horchata to drink and it is soooo delicious! He had the pear cucumber which is so refreshing!! I highly recommend this place.
Fantastic food. Than langoniza burger is so yummy. Can't wait to go back and try more things
"Food is amazing. We were fortunate to meet the owner and he took the time to speak to us and explain each dish and that he even grows some of the fruits they use to make their drinks which was so cool and nice to hear.
The wait time is reasonable since it's made to order and in general we enjoyed experience and would recommend it."
"Parking/location: Lotte Food Court - lots of parking

Ambiance: Food court - clean, bright, not too loud

Service: Food took about 5-10min

Food: I ordered the pork sisig - crispy bits of fatty pork with all it's juiciness poured over rice and topped with a poached egg.  Loved the jalepenos they added on top for added dimension.  If you've had a rough day, dig into this homey dish and it will help.  Trust me.

Recommendation: This place needs to open Seattle so I can visit frequently and try everything on their menu."
I absolutely loved the sisig rice bowl! I've been craving sisig for a while and there aren't any Filipino restaurants where I live. I couldn't visit Orlando without getting both the sisig bowl and sisig fries and they were both delicious. My family thought it was a little salty but I thought it packed a lot of flavor and texture ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  The ube horchata is a must try. I heard great things about the lechon kawali but it wasn't as crispy as I thought it would be. I think the price point is a bit high for the portions you get, but otherwise I recommend trying this place and it was worth the 3 hour drive for me
It was delicious. Located inside of the Lotte Asian Market. The pork belly Lugao was delish. The Adobo burrito was so yummy. The food is delicious. The lumpia's just jumped in my mouth. Lol. A bit pricey but you pay restaurant prices and it's made well and tasty. I visited two days in a row!! A must visit in this desert of Orlando with good Filipino restaurants.
"This place is inside the Lotte super market inside the foood court, I think it's a great idea as for a friends or date or food adventures since they have a few oter places to choose from to eat and the store sells plenty types of foods mostly asian.

Customer service was great the girl behind the counter was friendly and attentive and helpful.  The food kitchen looked uber clean and in order.  The seating area was questionable, if ur a covid freak you may want to bring your own wipes. 

Food seemed fairly priced to the amount that you gets.  We had the Chicharon, sigsig, double cooked pork, and lumpia's

My sigsig was like no one I had in the past and I kinda like how the other place made it, this one was a bit salty.  But the double cooked pork was amazing!!! So was the other food but what blew my socks off was the ube orchata drink!!! Must try!"
It was definitely worth the drive. I've been looking for Filipino cuisine in Orlando for a while. I had the pork rice bowl which had layers of flavor. Great service great food amazing find.
excellent filipino american fare . great food great staff awesome tastes and flavor. great food potions and reasonable pricing. housemade made to order chicharrones loved the lechon kawali great meat to fat ratio and pork lumpia was flavorable with great sauces. enjoyed the strawberry hibiscus drink.
"We tried Taglish on New Year's Eve. We got there just as they were closing at 4 PM. I had the vegetarian Sisig which has eggplant instead of pork, and my husband had the eggplant burrito. I asked one of the women working there which condiments to use, she recomended Vinegar on the sisig and soy sauce on the burrito. Both were delicious with and without the condiments on them but I preferred to keep using vinegar on my sisig.

I also had the cucumber pear beverage. OMG, that was so delicious, I really thought I was in heaven. Had they not closed while I was eaten I would have gotten a second one.

There are so many great sounding items on their menu, I can't wait to go back."
"Taglish is a Philippine style food located in the Lotte Market on the corner of West Colonial and John Young Parkway. It's essentially, a big Korean Super Market with 5 food stalls. Parking is ample so no complaints there.
Walking in, you will immediately see the fruits and vegetable section. Immediately to your right is the food section. Ample seating arrangements unless you come on a Sunday around noon. I was lucky to get there around 1145am with a few open spots. 
I ordered the Fried Chicken Escabeche. It's fried chicken tossed in a garlic sweet and sour glaze. Fresh pickled papaya salad, yellow rice along with Bok Choy Atchara rounded out the meal. The chicken was nice and crunchy and the glaze wasn't over bearing. The pickled papaya salad was a nice refreshing touch to the meal. I also ordered the Ube Horchata. I totally forgot what the owner said it consisted of but it was so good. Not too sweet like boba tea, just right. There are other options on the menu I haven't tried but curious about. 
Weekends are usually busy in the store itself so if you don't wanna wait in line, get there a little early let's say around 1145am. The line goes pretty quick though."
The pork belly has no taste and so fried that the meaty part is rock hard and chewy.  So disappointed after reading rave reviews.
"Oh my! This food is off the hook!
Here we have a perfect example of a professionally trained culinary artisan (Mike, co-owner) that was bored with his corporate world gig, and he walked away to create THIS place with, his wife (Jill) and the LOVE shows in all aspects of his dishes. This is not a one hit wonder type of place. Its ALL good. They're located inside the food court area of the newer Lotte Market (an Asian grocery store) Plaza. We had the burger and fries, pork rinds, the fried chicken, and the bbq chicken skewers. Our entire party was blown away by the flavors. Great job everyone...we will be back again,again, and again.
Cheers!"
cool market with great food options, I definitely recommend it to grab lunch with your significant other or some friends. I saw someone on tik tok review the taglish restaurant so I checked it out & im glad I did!
The ube horchata is to die for! I also got a rice bowl that had tons of flavor. This is a great new place in the Lotte Plaza Market. I ordered my food to go and it came out super quick, but was still very fresh.
Good Filipino food in the the city of Orlando is a rare thing to find, and Taglish has definitely filled that void for me.  Located in the food court of the Korean Lotte Market  this joint offers a fast service variety of Filipino favorites with an American twist.  Offering spaghetti, burritos and bowls of different sorts it definitely made it hard to decide what to order because it all looked irresistible.  I came for the first time for lunch last week and was greeting by one of the workers. He was a super nice and patient fellow that really helped me through the menu since it was my first time there and he recommended the sisig pork rice bowl combo that came with pork lumpias and my choice of drink.  Let me just say WOW I was not disappointed whatsoever of my choice, can we talk about a flavor explosion.  The bowl itself hit all the right notes for me, it was a lil savory, a lil salty, a lil acidic, a lil spicy and it gave me all the right feels.  The lumpia tasted nice and fresh like it came straight from the fryer, and the ube horchata drink was a creamy, refreshing dream!!  Next time you are on the hunt for a nice fresh quick lunch definitely try this spot out, you won't regret it!
"5 stars for some stellar Filipino food at Taglish! Located in Lotte market the restaurant is located on the right side when you walk in. There was a little bit of a line during lunch on a Saturday but it went rather quickly. 

We decided to try out the B2, BBQ Chicken Inasal, $8.95. The BBQ chicken in the rice bowl was seasoned really well, I loved the garlic rice and the other toppings in the bowl. It was also a pretty generous portion.

You can also make any items on the menu a combo for only additional $4, it will comes with a drink and two lumpias. I'd definitely recommend going with the combo, the lumpias were so tasty and you MUST get the Ube Horchata if you're a fan of either of these drinks separately!! The Ube Horchata was a little on the sweet side but it was so tasty together and unique.

After we were finishing up the chef came out to ask how everything was, the staff were all so friendly and helpful. Overall our first visit was great, we look forward to visiting again and trying some other dishes!"
"WOW! So happy this spot was walking distance from the greyhound station!! Which is also cool if you need to stock up on snacks for your trip :)

I had the H1 royale with cheese and I'm not lying when I say that the each bite was even better than the one before. It had these beautiful purple buns, incredible sauce and was just so delicious I decided to go back and order more. (Side note* it comes with fries but NO DIPPING SAUCE-order some for $0.50 if you want something to dip your fries in!) 

Going back up to the counter, I was excited to a few sides, so I ordered the lumpia with pork, which were $5.95 and.....(drumroll)....TINY. In my opinion, it was good but over-rated and definitely over priced for what you get. Secondly, I went for the Atchara (papaya slaw) and it was also SO TINY, I know it's a side but common (Literally the size of a 4 oz ketchup container). I was hoping for something refreshing and crispy to offset the greasy and fried foods, but it was sour, underwhelming and lacking flavor. 

Overall, I would recommend Taglish and definitely want to come back to try some of their bowls...or just order a whole trunk-full of their burgers and drive off into the sunset"
"Yum yum! Nice place to eat and shop inside Lotte market. You order and they text you when your food is ready. I had fried chicken escabeche bowl and it was so good. So much flavors! The chicken is extremely tasty and crunchy. The garlic rice, bok choy and pickled papaya salad was delicious. It's fresh and filling. 
Good portion and reasonably price here. Definitely worth a visit. My only regret is I didn't get the Ube horchata but definitely will come back again!"
"I had an assortment of dishes and was happy. Even though the Adobe was a little salty and the sisig wasn't spicy, it was still good. My wife wasn't impressed but she is more critical of Filipino food. I'm just going to chalk it up as regional differences and American influence.  
The dining area gets crowded at lunch time on Saturday so get here before 1200."
Cheap  + delicious + fast service = EXCELLENT. My husband and i love it. We will surely be back
"First off let me say that I am Filipino-American that loves to eat Filipino Food among other things. This place is a legit fusion of Filipino-American food.  I believe that any negative criticism of this place comes from people who want Taglish to be influenced by Filipino food alone. 

I've had a few dishes there and they are all very flavorful.  The longaniza burger was delicious but if your like me and not really a fan of slaw order it without the papaya salad on top.  The sisig bowl was soooo good I couldn't stop eating it.  Lechon kawali was excellent as well. The pork was perfectly cooked. Usually places will over cook the meat and it gets to be hard but not here.  Lumpia is always good and the bbq chicken skewers were great too. If you want these to be more traditional ask them to cook them a little longer and get a nice ""charred"" taste.  They make these to order so they can do that for you. 

My only negative comment would be the drinks.  This should probably stay true to Filipino taste being that American products are readily available and flavors like calamansi and ube juice and delicious enough for the masses."
Yummy! Delicious twist to traditional Filipino dishes. A great idea and awesome owner!!
It was a surprise to see the number of people standing in line for this restaurant that I knew it was going to be worth the wait. The sisig on garlic rice was perfectly delicious wit just the right amount of garlic-y flavor. My mom got the pancit. She thinks her pancit is better but every Filipino mom says that. The highlight of our meal was the holiday pumpkin spice halo halo. Let it be known that I don't like halo halo in general. I get bored after a few bites and the bits at the bottom are left there at the bottom of the cup. But y'all I tell you. I. ate. The. Whole. Thing. I love this pumpkin halo halo. The cream and ice cream are pumpkin spice flavor and mixed with all the other contents, it's really really good.
"YASS! Finally another ""street food joint"" joining Orlando, Florida. Personally this was my first time eating Filipino foods and I absolutely loved it!  Although I do not have a baseline for comparison in term of authenticity, I still enjoyed the foods very much. One of my Filipino friends said ""the foods remind me of home"" and recommended me to give Taglish a try. And I am glad that I did. 

Its name? Super catchy and appealing. The name itself sparks my curiosity and, most definitely, have caught my attention from day one. Guilty...I constantly checked their Facebook and IG page for further updates concerning their opening days/hours. 

Its location? Smart and convenient. Taglish is located right inside Lotte Market's food court among other Vietnamese/Korean/Japanese franchises. This place was perfect since the market is so popular now and very convenient for shoppers to grab some foods that is out of their norms. Though that may be, the food court tends to get super busy especially during rush/lunch hour, which is why I often go during the late afternoon to avoid the crowd.

Its foods? I stopped by during their 2nd week of soft opening and bought way too much foods! My brother and I ordered...

- 2 fried chicken sandwiches 
[Super crispy and crunchy on the outside at every bite. The meat was soft and tender and the pickled cucumbers and pineapples gave a very distinguished taste unlike typical American's fried chicken sandwich]

- BBQ chicken skewers + Rice bowl 
[My personal favorite!! The pricing was very reasonable. The skewers were extremely tasty since they meat was very juicy and flavorful with their unique sauce. More over, it goes really well with the rice and papaya salad]

- Lumpia 
[Similar to a Vietnamese's fried spring roll with meat [pork] filling, which is one of my favorite snacks/appetizers. I tried lumpia from another food truck in Altamonte Spring before and I would say Taglish's is way better! For me, I portion size was just right. I did not get ""bored"" or ""tired"" from eating too much of it, especially with that ketchup/chili dipping sauce? On the contrary, I wanted to eating more....

- Salted duck egg with salsa 
[This is something new for me... Of course, it was ""salty;"" hence its name. I ended up mixing the salsa and duck egg with my BBQ chicken rice bowl. I like it but will I order it again in the future? Probably not since it is a bit over price for such a small portion. 

- Ube drink 
[This drink is very refreshing and its level of sweetness was very light, which is something that I personally like. My brother gave this a big thumb up...the kid had no problem gulping the whole thing down within seconds.]

Overall, I had a nice experience at Taglish. I enjoyed the foods. I cannot really rate by its authentic taste since I had never eaten ""real home cook""Filipino foods before. Until then, I just know that I like what I have been eating so far. Everyone is entailed to their opinion bu do not let it stop you from giving Taglish a chance. Most definitely, I would recommend Taglish to friends and others. It is a good place to hang out with good company and explore new cuisine to make our life a bit more interesting. Its basically adding a rainbow to our classic black-white lifestyle/taste bud."
"What Did I Order:
-2 BBQ Insasal  (white rice, and garlic rice)
-Ube Horchata    

How Did It Taste:
-Loveee the drink. Ube was sweet while the horchata flavor balanced it with a softer taste. 
-The chicken had a light sweet bbq taste. Not dry at all. 
-The side salad has a strong vinegar flavor to it. 
-The garlic rice was different. The yellow color threw me off and you could not taste the garlic. 

What Was The Price/Was It Worth It:
-The plate was worth the price as it brought 3 skewers.
-The drink was def worth it. 

Would I Go Back: 
-Maybe. If I am ever in the area, I would def go back for the drink.

Suggestions: 
-For the garlic rice, it needs more garlic. Maybe little pieces of it even as a garnish lol."
Coming from a Filipino family, this was a mcie spin on some classic dishes. The adobo chicken didnt taste traditional, but it was still very yummy. The calamansi drink definitely tasted like my childhood.
Growing up in Chicago, there was a very large Filipino community in church and school so I've had my share of the aunts awesome food and this place was a nice throw back to those memories. I had the chicken adobo and was pleasantly surprised. Now, if I can get some pancit and turons...you got me for life!!
"I was at Lotte supermarket food court to buy Korean food when I stumbled upon this gem. I ordered the sisig and frozen lumpia to fry at home at a later date. Oh em Geeee the sisig was amazing!!!  The owner is from Hawaii, one of my favorite places in the world.  I will be back for the sisig and to try everything else.  They are planning on expending to several locations and being a ""sari sari"" store where you can buy random Filipino goods.  I am so excited for Taglish!!"
So happy to have Taglish close by when I'm too lazy to cook but want to comforts of Filipino food. My husband loved their longanisa and bistek burger, which we upgraded to a combo for the mango calamansi Juice that's a perfect balance of sweet and sour. You can't go wrong ordering anything! Watch their social media page for special menu items!
Went with a friend, who is of Filipino decent, and was very excited to try out the new Filipino restaurant. We went during the lunch hour, and were so happy we did. The food was delicious, and our food was prepared in a timely manner. Everything was fresh and very tasty. I ordered the Adobo Chicken bowl with lumpia and a Cucumber Pear drink, all were delicious. The portion of food was large. I had to take half of it with me to go because I couldn't finish it. I recommend.
"I've been in search for a Filipino spot near downtown Orlando and I've found the answer. 

Find this food court style shop in the Lotte mart. 

I wanted to try the sisig, lumpia and ube orchata and the combo with the drink upgrade was perfect for this. 
The portions were perfect. The sisig was crispy, tende and fatty. There was a balancing hint of sour with the calamansi. The rice was garlic-rich and I could eat it on its own. The lumpia was more wrapper than meat, but still money. It was crispy and juicy at the same time. 
Also if you like horchata and you like ube, it's obvious you should try the ube horchata. It was delicious - creamy with a good balance of both flavors. 

They have a texting system that tells you when your food is ready if you want to be efficient with your time and do some grocery shopping while waiting."
Loved it! I had the bbq chicken skewers with garlic rice, mung beans and papaya salad. Yum! The chicken was tender. The rice was perfect and the mung beans stew was so tasty. It was a lot of food. Looking forward to going back.
My new favorite Orlando restaurant! Try the Eggplant Sisig. It's amazing. The Eggplant Burrito is also a delicious meatless option :)
"This is a fun place- located inside an asian market with so many treasures to find. I really appreciate that they mark which items are vegetarian and which items can be made vegetarian, a nice touch. 

I ordered the mango drink and 10/10 would get again. So refreshing! 

I also ordered the noodles vegetarian style, and ate them up as well. 

The halo halo was fun to try. I'm a bit of a picky eater so it was too many new flavors for me, but I liked trying it! 

Can't wait to go back to try some more of their items- and to get the mango drink again."
"I was a little underwhelmed with the food given the reviews. I have eaten at De Guzman's and Inay's so I will compare their food to theirs. As for the lumpia and adobo, I prefer De Guzman's. The ube horchata was delicious and I would order that again in a heart beat. The corn was ok, it sounded better on paper. I prefer traditional elote after trying their concoction. It wasn't bad, I just didn't love it. The bok choy was also just ok. I was surprised at how small the portion was. The lumpia I didn't care for at all and kinda tasted gamey to me. They were so small too. De Guzman's lumpias are definitely better.

I was happy to be able to finally try their food thanks to Uber Eats but for $60 for lunch, this was pretty expensive for so little food."
Delicious Filipino cuisines ! Finally, a place with really tasty food! I would definitely come back again to try more ! The longaniza burger is one of my favorites!
"When I heard that Taglish would be opening, I got super excited. When I found out how close it would be to me, that was the cherry on top. I'm half Filipina so I grew up eating Filipino food- mostly lumpia, pancit, and adobo. The Orlando food scene is great but I always felt that we were lacking when it came to Filipino food. But that is no longer the case. 
   My husband and I visited on a Saturday afternoon. Even though it was a little late for lunch, there was a line to place our order. The line moved quickly and we sat down to wait for our food. I ordered a mango calamansi juice- it was pretty good and the calamansi helped cut the sweetness. 
   My husband ordered the adobo burrito. It was a generous portion and reasonably priced. It did fall apart but it tasted great. I ordered the salmon bowl which was served on a bed of garlic rice (yummmm) and a side of duck egg salsa and bok choy. There were 2 nice pieces of salmon. I thought the price was fair considering how much food we got. My husband and I both cleaned our plates. I was nice and full when we left.
   As some people have mentioned, the food is more of a Filipino fusion. I really enjoyed it and the flavor was on point. I will definitely be back to try more of their menu."
I went to the soft opening of Taglish this past weekend, and OMG the food is soooo good! Coming from a Filipina, I am very picky when it comes to food from my homeland. This place exceeded my expectations! Everyone should try the longaniza burger (longaniza is Filipino sausage). It was so juicy!  Wash the food down with some mango calimansi (Filipino lemon) lemonade... it's very refreshing!  If you enjoy my photos, check out my food blog foodiewanderland.com which will turn live in December 2019.
"Very simply put, their food is FIRE! It's everything that feels familiar in ethnic cooking (protein, usually a cheesier cut of meat cooked until falling off bone, some kind of legume and always the rice!) yet feels uniquely different and special.

Run...don't walk...to this unique little gem on the west side of town. Order the Sisig Crispy Pork, Chicken Adobo and Longaniza Burger and Ube Horchata for dessert!"
This is the first time I tried this place and also first time I tried Filipino food. I know Filipino food have some Chinese influences and you can see that from the meat it's similar to Chinese roast pork. The difference was the rice, the rice was very flavorful and the roast pork I believe was fried. It was a real good combination for about $9. Will definitely go back and try other things.
"I heard about this place from my friend who lives in Orlando. So when I came to Orlando, I knew I needed to come here. Taglish is inside the Lotte supermarket and is located in like a mini version of a food court with other food vendors. There is plenty of parking in the area. 

I ordered the Sisig and it came with garlic rice topped with sunny side egg. I was always a fan of sisig ever since I was little and I just knew I had to try it. To be honest, I feel like I've had a better sisig before, but it was still good. I also got to try Monggo Guisado, it was a bit sour for my liking. The Lechon Kawali was good, it came with probably about 5 pieces with garlic rice and mung beans on the side. I think my favorite one was the BBQ Inasal. You can't go wrong with meat on a stick!!! 

As for drinks, I was able to try three out of four of their drinks. The Ube Horchata was my favorite. It was milky and you can taste the ube. The Mango Calamansi was good too, the sourness of it gives it a little kick. The cucumber pear was okay, it was kinda bland. They ran out of strawberry hibiscus. I'll definitely try it next time I come"
"I read about this place in an amazing Orlando Weekly review. Filipino food is probably one of the most underrepresented cuisines in America, and it's a damn shame. It's all so delicious, but I just can't make it at home. I'm afraid to. I don't want to mess it up. Anyway, I had to come here. I got take out during the COVID-19 pandemic. This was my experience. 

I started off with an appetizer of the Crispy Seasoned Potatoes (served with banana ketchup). Perfectly cooked, nice and crispy on the outside, seasoned with a simple salt and pepper. The banana ketchup wasn't too banana-y, but that was ok with me. I recommend getting another order of the sauce, though, for only 50 cents. 

My main event was the Longaniza Burger (housemade sweet pork sausage, grilled pineapple, atchara pickled green papaya slaw, garlic mayo). And wow. This sausage burger had such a rich depth of flavor. The only thing I can compare it to is chorizo, but it's a little less spicy, but a little more umami. It's so rich, the pineapple and the slaw's acidity really cut through that richness and make this the perfect little burger. You need this burger. 

I also got my hands on the Sisig (Pan seared pork sauteed in garlic, tomato, and onion, topped with garlic mayo, pickled jalapeno, and poached egg). It was served over garlic rice. The pork was so fall-apart tender and rich, it contrasted beautifully with the acid heat of the jalapenos, and the ooey-gooey egg just gushing all over everything, served over that garlic rice. Drool. So good. 

For our drinks, we got a mango drink. It was fine. Don't worry about that, though, because the best thing I had from this place was the Ube Horchata (ube, cinnamon, non dairy creamer). If you've had ube, and if you've had an horchata, you can only imagine the heaven waiting for you in this cup. If there are two of you, order two of these. Don't share. 

God, I really wish I could give this place six stars."
"What a great little restaurant inside of the Lotte Market food court. I came across this spot when I was researching for Filipino food in my area. I had it bookmarked for some time before I actually was in the area during lunch time. I'm so glad I stopped in and tried their food. It's amazing!!! 

They have a pretty good size menu with many popular Filipino dishes. They have dishes like Burgers, chicken sandwiches, burritos, bowls, appetizers, sides and desserts.With all the good items on the menu, it was hard to pick what I wanted to eat. I decided to try out the Adobo Chicken wrap, Loaded Adobo fries, Sisig bowl and the Mango Calamansi drink. 

*Adobo Chicken Burrito $8.95. Braised chicken, seasoned potatoes, garlic rice, stewed mung beans, tomato salsa and garlic mayo.
*Sisig Bowl $10.95. Pan seared pork sauteed in garlic, tomato, onion, topped with garlic mayo, pickled jalapeno and poached egg. 
*Loaded Adobo Fries $8. Adobo chicken over crispy potatoes, tomato salsa, roasted garlic mayo & Atchara pickled papaya slaw.

Not only was their food delicious and filling, their portions are also large. I had to take more than half of my food home for another meal. It's a good thing I have someone to help me eat at this goodies. 

I'll be back to try out some more of their food soon. If you're in the area and want Filipino food, give this place a try."
Fantastic quick service restaurant located inside the Lotte Market off John Young and West Colonial. My mom and I tried this husband and wife creative combination of traditional Filipino menu with a twist. We are so happy we did! Located in a corner stall, they suggested the lechon kawali and my mom really wanted to try their bbq chicken. My mom found the bbq to be a little too sweet for taste, but she liked the rice and munggo. I liked the lechon kawali, since it was crunchy and not too fatty like some I have had in other restaurants. Most entrees are served with garlic rice and atchara which is a pickled vegetable condiment. I highly recommend the mango calamansi to wash down your meal because it is both delicious and refreshing. I can't wait to come back and try some more menu items!
Heard about this place from my brother. So I wanted to give it a try. Got the weekend special which was Kare-Kare which is a peanut based stew with oxtail. The chef puts his own twist and deep fries the eggplant which is a game changer. The oxtail was fall off the bone and piping hot which was great. Rice was perfectly textured. Would come again. It was better than my moms. Shhhhh don't tell anyone.
I came here on a Sunday before I did my shopping. I enjoyed the restaurant area. I ordered B3 Sisig. Think of a Filipino rice bowl. The pork is awesome and the poached egg is a nice touch. I recommend ordering the combo which comes with ordering a drink Ube Horchata and a side of Lumpia. The Ube Horchata is the better version of a Mexican horchata. Definitely would come here again hungry before I go shopping.
I got the longsilog platter and the chicken adobo. The longanisa was light and well seasoned. The chicken is insanely flavorful! The lumpia was also light, crispy and tasty. The crispy garlic atop the rice was delightful, crispy and not overcooked. I also tried the ube horchata, very reminiscent of milk tea but with more flavor. Excellent food, will keep coming back!
The food here is delicious!  The bowls have a great fusion of different flavors.  The rice, sauce, and meat all contribute to the taste in a wonderful way.  I am a meat guy, and I love the tender and flavorful portion they put in their dishes.  They do not skimp out on the amount of meat, which makes me do my happy dance.  Their service is also fantastic.  They are very helpful and have a great attitude.  They have helpful people manning the phones for takeout orders and will bring the food out to your car.  Excellent restaurant!
I found out about this place by just digging online and looking for Filipino foods near my area. Food was decent but it wasn't the full Filipino food experience I was looking for, not that I was looking for tradition Filipino food, but just your everyday Filipino food. The prices were pretty pricey for the portion. I paid $16 for a drink 2 skinny pieces of lumpia and the bowl of sisig as a meal, I was going to order just the meal but I thought why not get a full experience since I'd be heading back to palm beach soon which only has a couple Filipino restaurants. Now about the food,I really wanted to like it but it just wasn't how sisig should taste. It was more of crunch than meat. My friend and I ordered the same thing so I think they cooked it both together and just split the portion? But I don't want to assume that. When I think of sisig I hoped to see meaty bits and pieces, but I mostly got really crispy bits of the meat but not chewy meat if that makes sense. The poached egg on top though was a nice touch and something I haven't seen done often, and The garlic rice was great. I truly want to like the food but I just wasn't satisfied or hyped as I hoped when I ate the food.I just felt like my money was wasted but I mean in a way where it doesn't suffice to the food I got. I wanted to like the food truly and support them because Im Filipino and I'm down to support my fellow kabayans. The portion was alright but again, not really worth the price. I also got a taro/Ube-horchata drink. It was more of just ube with light cinnamon taste. Non dairy as well, so if you're into that that might be a good option to try. Again, for a small maybe 8oz drink it's $3.95 I think which is a little hefty when there's a boba shop across for probably the same price. Im probably sounding cheap at this point but I love good and cheap food. Again this is just my opinion. My friends also tried their longanisa burger and it was good. Definitely worth trying. It's a good place to try if you want like a beginner to Filipino food or just something to try. But if you want to eat for a bigger family then I'd go someplace else just cause of the price and portion. But a cute little take out with a s/o id definitely recommend. I'm in no way bashing this restaurant because I know they have good food, but this is just my opinion. I think they're a fairly new stand, I hope they try to improve on some things because I truly see this place as a good stand and a restaurant in the future. In the end food is food and people have different opinions, just cause mine wasn't the best experience doesn't mean you still shouldn't try it. Lol thanks for coming to my ted talk.
"I went to Lotte with my husband to put together some personal Christmas packages. We couldn't walk past the food court thanks to how great it smelled. Taglish is inside Lotte so be prepared to dine and shop, it's well worth the visit. 
Parking is tough because it shares a lot with other businesses, but again, worth the visit. 
I wanted to try something different since it was cold out and I was in a porridge or soup mood. I recall seeing their special in a foodie forum and thought it was perfect. 
I ordered their Lugaw special which came with crispy pork belly and a soft poached egg (YUM). Such a delicious dish which provided great insight on Filipino cuisine. I grew up eating Vietnamese chao so this was comforting in its own way!
Service was lovely - the lady at the counter was very patient and answered all of my questions. 
It shares a food court with other great food establishments so definitely check it out if you happen to be shopping there!"
"It's a tiny stall inside the small food court of the giant Asian supermarket Lotte. They make their own lumpia and it has very good flavor, especially when combined with the dipping sauce. The Ube horchata is outstanding. The mango calamansi drink is a close second. The housemade longaniza is crispy and garlicky. The sisig has a nice crunch and is yummy. Everyone has to try their chicharon. Nice crackling crisp, salty and peppery and goes well with the dipping sauce. Over all, very good food. Not 100% traditional, they are ""fusion"" but really good flavors."
Didn't know it was in a supermarket but it was nice the place is very clean the food was OK not bad I need to check out the rest of the food it looks good
Excellent spot for some Filipino fair! I don't know of any other Filipino restaurants in the downtown area and have lived here 3 years so when this popped up I was stoked and tried it several times before writing this review. It's located in the Lotte Market food court located at the northwest corner of the John Young Pkwy and Colonial Dr intersection. Excellent food at fair prices. My boyfriend likes the sisig best but to my surprise the longoniza burger is my favorite; it's like a tropical twist on a burger. Being part Filipino I've had sisig quite a bit and since it's typically made with pork head, sometimes the texture can throw me off with ear cartilage and what not but here it's delish with none of that. Food doesn't take too long to be ready so if you call ahead you'll likely have to leave to pick it up immediately.
(1/20/2021). Great stall inside the Lotte for taking care of that dangerous situation of grocery shopping while hungry.  Food is fresh, great mix of textures, and flavors.  Crispy Pork Sisig over garlic rice (vampire-repelling garlicky!) was moist rice and a topping of crispy shredded pork bits with a garlic mayo drizzle, def use the calamansi for a little tartness, overall some heavy greasiness.  Veg lumpia were tightly rolled, beautifully golden, pretty much all cabbage. Prices touch high for volume, but high quality.
"I never tried Filipino food before, I'm not sure if it's authentic but I don't care, this place is really good!!

First of all, I never had a bad or even a mid experience with Lotte food court. Everything has been great, and this place is definitely among the lines with the rest!

I ordered the BBQ chicken skewers combo. Chicken was super juicy with the perfect among of sauce and oil (and YES, healthnuts like me really care about that). I never had garlic rice before, and this combo came with it. It's similar to texture of fried rice but without the grease. It also had a strong hint of roasted garlic, which made it unique and tasty! I was not going to eat the rice since I'm carb-guilty but ended up having half of the portion! There were also spring rolls in the combo, they were good but very similar to any other southeastern Asian spring rolls.

Overall, I would totally go back to this place to try being other items!"
Flavor town!    We have our go to stands at Lotte but thanks to a Bogo we gave Taglish a try.   Ordered two bowls, the chicken adobo was addicting.  Tender pieces of thigh meat that was infused with the tasty marinade seasoning.  The chicken escabeche were tasty chicken nuggets served with a chili sauce for dipping.  Both were served with garlic rice. Filipino adobo has a brighter flavor than other versions.  The experience had us researching how to make it at home.   I would buy this by the quart.  Each came with their own unique accompaniments.  I will definitely add them to our regular spots at Lotte.   Thank you for a surprising wonderful introduction to Filipino cooking.
"I found this place on Instagram and decided to try it this weekend! It's located inside Lotte Plaza Market in their food court. My family and I (5 people) ordered at the window and our food was ready pretty quick. The food was delicious- a nice mix between Filipino and American. I LOVED their Strawberry Hibiscus drink too!!!

For COVID, the employees wear masks and there's a divider between you when you order. Since it's a popular Asian market social distancing can be hard, especially in their small dining area. Everyone was good about wearing masks except when you're eating. Overall I was very happy with my meal and I definitely plan to return!"
"So good! Went here twice and ordered the same thing! I don't usually do that I like o make my way around the menu but the longsilog was so good that I'd have to get twice. The longsilog is homemade sausage made into a patty, served over rice with an egg, potato wedges, and a pickled papaya salad. It is soooo good and so filing! I've heard great stuff about the other meals on the menu so I will try out next time. The extra $4 for the lumpia and drink is worth it! I got the strawberry hibiscus drink, yummm.
I love the location because if you're with others and they may not want something from Taglish they can go to one of the other spots. 
This was perfect for quick lunch spot in the middle of the work day."
So I saw this spot on Tik Tok and it spiked my curiosity since I had never had Pilipino food before. I would highly advise checking them out. I had the fried chicken pancit bihon noodles and they were so different from anything I've had before. Tasted super fresh. I advise to take it to go cause seating is very limited!
"It is rare for any food court restaurant to become a destination restaurant but I know of people who have come to Lotte Plaza not because they need to stock up on Korean groceries but to dine at Taglish. I, in due contrast, did need to stock up on Korean groceries, but wanted to see if Taglish lived up to the considerable hype--and it did. I was skeptical a food court place could offer some of the best Filipino cuisine in Orlando but they sure do. And they're friendly, prompt, and efficient. 

I had pancit (they don't call it pancit bihon but it is, I think, but with Chinese sausage which is a nice touch) and lumpia to go. I ate it in my car due to worries with the Covid-19 situation and still, despite less than perfect circumstances, it was fully delicious. The lumpia were small, but fresh, perfectly-fried, and with well-seasoned pork in them. The pancit was also near-perfect and certainly not too greasy--a fault many dishes of pancit do suffer from.

All the options at Lotte's food court are solid, but I think Taglish is a bit a cut above."
"Alright, well...it's not everyday that I run into a Filipino restaurant and since we're visiting Orlando I HAVE to try it. 

First off, by looking at the menu it's clear it's not exactly your traditional Pinoy food and that's ok. It's ""Taglish"" after all - pretty novel twist on the traditional - Langunisa burger was the biggest clue . I ordered the lechon kawali combo. 

Not bad, but I prefer my lechon/pork belly extra crispy, they served it rather semi crispy fat still dripping - just a matter of preference and I'm sure I could have specified. Family and island customer service/hospitality included for free in true Filipino style. 

The one thing that threw me off was the Mungo beans on top of the rice - could have done without that. Lumpiang Shanghai on point!  Kalamansi mango juice SUPER refreshing, I had to get 2!  

Would love to try something else next time."
"When I came for the soft opening, I knew this place had promise. A few weeks later, it seems like they've found themselves more situated & I couldn't be happier with the food we got. This place perfectly balances both Filipino & American aspects of cuisine.

A Filipino-American myself, sisig isn't normally something I feel is a must-have. But when Orlando Weekly put it on their list of top meals of 2019, I knew I had to try it. Served over garlic rice with calamansi, the sisig deserved its spot. There's an option to upgrade it to a combo with two pieces of lumpia & a drink. Everything is just so well seasoned, & if that's not enough, they have a little bar of seasonings & vinegars that complement their dishes. Sisig aside, we also had their barbecue chicken skewers & ube horchata. The barbecue chicken reminded me of what I would eat at family parties, & the horchata actually showcased the ube flavors rather than just being a sweet sugary bomb.

I can't wait for my family to come to Orlando so I can show them the place!"
"Yummy Filipino cuisine located within the Lotte Plaza Market. First off- so happy there's a Filipino restaurant in the area! This cuisine needs more love by all! 

This counter service restaurant serves up the classics with their own twist. I tried the Double-Royale burger which was filled with a bistek burger patty and a longanisa pork patty.  Topped with onion, banana ketchup and cheese- this was a trip down to Flavor Town. I ordered a mango calamansi drink which was sweet and refreshing. I'd definitely try another item when I visit the market again."
"Oh boy.....this is a tough one and I've been following Chef Mike on Social Media for a while. It took me a long time to finally make it to Taglish. I was hyping it up to my hubby so we both had very high expectations. 
After we finally checked out our groceries at Lotte we headed to the food court and it was pretty busy. 
The guy at the front taking orders was doing some serious multi-tasking. He was very nice and pleasant. We ordered our food to go so we gave him a mobile number to contact. So while the line got longer we sat and waited in the Food Court for a better portion of a half hour. I saw people come and go then we were wondering what was going on with our order. So we walked over to check and our food and drinks were sitting on a table not visible to the service counter. I understand they were really busy but we were waiting a long time and that wasn't cool. 
So after a long drive we finally made it home and were still looking forward to having this amazing food we've been hearing about. 
Our order consisted of....

A5 Chicharrones
H1 Royale W/ Cheese
B8 Plancit Bihon Noodles
Ube Horchata 

So my hubby ate the Chicharrones, he said they were good and well seasoned but would consider these pork skins. They are airy and puffy pieces of pork skin without the delicious fat in tact that true Chicharrones should have.
He also had the burger and that was good but not great. So he probably wouldn't get it again.
I ordered the noodles with the fried chicken. The biggest let down was the chicken being as dry as a desert. I couldn't even tell it had meat in it until I opened a piece like the Hulk and saw it was shriveled inside. 
Also they add Chinese sausage which is a pork product and that's not in my diet anymore. So I spent my dinner picking those small pieces out. Finally they flavor this dish with fish sauce. I'm sorry but if I'm going to eat fish I'm not going to pair it with fried chicken and waffles and if I want fried chicken I'm not going to slap some sushi on top of it. 
(I know, dramatic) 
The Ube Horchata, eh...hubby liked it, me not so much. Maybe that's just my taste, idk.
I think there is potential here to greatly improve the menu. But as of now for the price point what we got was a let down. 

Ugh, I really, really wanted to give Taglish 5 stars and struggled not to give it less. But because of the friendliness of the staff, the cleanliness of the restaurant and Chef Mike is the real deal I'm putting that into consideration. We live so far away from here though I can't say we will go out of our way to come back."
"Filipino food with an American twist! Little restaurant inside the Lotte Market where you can order for take out or sit down and eat in the food court. This is my second time ordering food from here and both times the food was great! They take the popular Filipino dishes and add their spin to it. So if you grew up in a Filipino household like me, you may have to adjust your tastebuds a bit. The first time I ordered the chicken adobo meal that came with garlic fried rice and French fries and lumpia. Yes I know... French fries are not a Filipino food staple. There is not a large Filipino community here in Orlando, so I do appreciate the twist that Taglish adds to their food. It gives it that extra flair. 
Second time I dropped by was yesterday and I ordered the chicken BBQ sticks with rice and bokchoy. Very tasty! But kinda pricey. I also ordered their weekend special dessert which I fell in love with. Still day dreaming about it actually. Taglish teamed up with Valkyrie Donuts and both concocted an Ube Donut Icecream Sandwich filled with coconut. It was like East meets West and having the best of both worlds in your mouth."
Well-executed concept that updates Filipino cuisine to make it contemporary. Highly recommend the loaded chicken adobo fries.
"Wowowow is all I can say. This place is what I've been looking for in Florida for the longest time!! Filipino American fusion restaurant that still cooks the filipino food as it should. There were so many entrees to try but I limited it to the filipino street corn, chicharrones with soy vinegar sauce, sisig bowl, and longo burger. I loved how they made a twist for the street corn and added calamansi to it. The sisig bowl and longo burger were definitely my favorite. The meats for both of them were nice and juicy. They also still tasted like the typical filipino fare but with a twist. They have endless amounts of food on their menu that I will be back to try. On top of that, their social media sites are well updated and they are constantly trying out new recipes/collaborating with other restaurants to add to their menu. 

Definitely one of a kind and a place where people will appreciate what filipino food is!"
Wow! So fresh & flavorful. Drinks, we tried mango calamansi & ube horchata. Mango calamansi was so refreshing while the ube horchata tasted mostly like horchata to me, which if you've read my other reviews is not a problem. We had pancit, never had it with Filipino sausage, but it was a compliment to the dish. It was so fresh. Tried one order of pork sticks & one of chicken. I loved them both equally. The sauce wasn't exactly like PI but the flavor was there. Lumpia & dipping sauce were on point. And the garlic rice took me back to the baryo in Zambales. We finished with turon, I loved, my kids never had jack fruit before & were not big fans. That's ok, more for me! Can't wait to go back, hope to see more locations soon. We live in Seminole county.
"What a great spot! I haven't had lumpia in over 2 years. Perfectly delicious. Next time I'll just order 20 of them and make it a meal.

The menu is a mashup of Filipino and American food. Like ""burgers"" and some unique sandwiches. Pretty cool concept. 

I also had the adobo chicken which I haven't had in forever. The chicken was perfect. But the best was the sauce on the rice. Awesome! I wasn't a fan of all the garlic chips on it. A little too much IMO. Order also came with seasoned potato wedges. That was a nice addition. But given the chicken and rice, some other sort of veg on the side would have been great. 

Would love to try more on the menu. Hey, can you add some pancit?! Mmmm..."
Would highly recommend their vegan options!!! The eggplant sisig is one of my favorites. It's the perfect texture and the garlic rice is my favorite. The ube horchata (not vegan) is also delicious and my friend loved their adobo chicken fries. Overall a great community addition and I'm happy they are here!
"Another great find via TikTok! Wanted to switch things up and try something new for dinner. I love Filipino food but my boyfriend has never had it so I thought Taglish would be a great dining experience to break him in as they have an Americanized flare with the more traditional foods.

He loved the pancit bihon (that was mine but i let him try it) and his bbq chicken skewer bowl that came with rice. I also ordered lumpia (veggie and pork) and beef empanadas so we could try a few things in one outing. He loved all of it. I had my noodles with the pork belly & OMG WOW was it so good, I could've eaten that by itself. It was the perfect blend of crispy, savory and fresh. 

We had never been to Taglish but it was easy to find. The dining area is more food court style and a decent size but if it's busy you should expect to get it to go which we did. I made an online order which was incredibly easy and time pick up was accurate. Though our interaction was brief, the young lady bagging our food & getting our drink order ready was really nice.

Drinks: we had the mango juice which we both raved over and I had the ube horchata, it was so creamy & flavorful. I should've gotten a juice though because it was hard for me to drink the horchata while eating my food, it was more of a dessert beverage in my opinion.

Follow me on TikTok (@sincerelywhitmac / #BigMacMeals--I tend to make more videos than actually taking pictures."
filipino approved!! traditional flavors with a modern twist (: i had the adobo bowl, lumpia, and the mango calamansi drink! finished the whole thing in one sitting!
Yum yum! Worth the trip and worth the price of food! Left the staff a huge tip! One of the best Filipino street food ever! Must have
"This is located inside Lotte Market, so keep that in mind if you're trying to adhere to social distancing rules (those aren't always followed in a busy marketplace, as expected). 

The menu is full of both classic and creative Filipino dishes. I opted for the longsilog and mango calamansi juice. The food was great! The juice was my favorite, though. Very reminiscent of relaxing on PH beaches. 

I've vowed to try every single thing on the menu, so I will definitely be back."
It's usually hard for my to frequent Filipino restaurants due to the differences in cooking depending on where the chef/owners are from. This place is located inside the Lotte market where you order at the cashier and they text you when your order is ready. I think taglish does an awesome job at creating dishes that everyone can enjoy Filipino or not. I've tried the bbq sticks, lumpia, sisig, burger everything is really tasty. The ube horchata is delicious, I could drink this everyday if I could. Really love the concept here and will be back to keep trying new items on the menu!
"I absolutely love everything about this Filipino joint! The foods are beyond amazing! My personal favorites include BBQ Chicken (skewers and bowl), Adoba Chicken Bowl, Corn on a cob, Lupia, Fried Chicken Sandwich, and their most recent item, the Halo Halo dessert cup. 

I usually ordered a side portion of the Lupia (similar to Vietnamese's fried egg rolls except it is a lot longer and skinnier, which does not make me get bore of its taste). Whenever I ordered it to go for home, I would wrap the Lupia with lettuce and dipping in the sweet-spicy chili sauce. 

By chance, I ordered the Chicken Aboda Bowl today instead of the BBQ Chicken..no regrets though. The flavor was much lighter but so good. I added homegrown herbs from our garden and cucumber dices to enhance the dish to the next level. I usually like my foods with an extra kick, so I added my mom's homemade chili sauce. 

Let's talk about dessert! HALO HALO! Personally, I love it. It is vibrant is colors.  It taste refreshing. It is not as sweet as how other places would make it. Halo Halo is simplicity at its best."
Orlando definitely needs more Filipino spots and this one really set the bar high! Everything is very high quality and the menu has plenty of delicious options. On Facebook there was a promo where you sign up for the newsletter and they send you a free chicken adobo bowl with a purchase so I took advantage of that! I got the adobo chicken bowl and my boyfriend got the pork belly burger (unfortunately we couldn't photograph it as it was a little messy but it was delicious!). We also got the loaded fries with crispy sisig which was covered in pork, veggies, and fancy sauce (banana ketchup) now I normally hate anything banana but this sauce was absolutely outstanding! We also got an Ube horchata (which was my favorite menu item so far) and the halo halo dessert. I loved the toppings on the halo halo but I didn't love the milky ice in comparison to others I've tried in the past. Overall this place is a must try and the Lotte Market where it's located is a great market with wonderful options!
