"I went here last Sunday (Aug 3rd) and their food really blew my mind. We walked in at first thinking if this place was a food court. My sister and I prepaid for our food and there was no water fountain at all. Everyone had either iced tea or canned coconut water. 

We ordered Char Quay Teaw ($11.95) , Beef Rendang Lembu on rice ($11.50) and iced tea ($3.50) our food came out fast. Portion was good for one serving and it wasn't cheap. 

Char Quay Teow was impressive and tasty. It's quite similar to Chow Fun in stir fries noodles with some meat. It also had sweet and salty flavour. Beef Rendang was good, but little salty and spicy. It tasted pretty good. Sauce tasted even better mixed with rice. Rice didn't really taste like ginger. 

Iced Tea was good, but I personally found it pricy. I can find this for $2 from T&T and Aberdeen Mall. Great experience overall. There was NO water fountain at all so you can order one or bring your own water."
Once you try this traditional Singaporean restaurant, you will immediately felt in love with their food. Their dishes reminded me of the time when I was in Singapore. Nothing is overly powerful, your taste buds will be able to sense each spicy and sweetness within the dishes. The sizzling sound of the deep fry spring rolls is music to my ears, the freshness brings the dining experience to a greater level.
Not once, not twice but three times I've been to this new restaurant! Singapore/Malaysian hawker-style dining menu, boasts flavorful authentic Singapore/Malaysian cuisine. Hainanese chicken with rice, Roti canai with curry sauce, deep fried banana, satay skewers, Char bee hon: Singapore style wok fried vermicelli w/ shrimp, fish cake, bean sprouts & egg, Nyonya Rendang Lembu: Nyonya rendang curry beef on ginger rice, Singapore & Malaysian Laksa, Sambal Kang-Kong Tung Choi. Will definitely keep coming back!
"My sister had posted pics on Facebook from Singapore Hawker and they looked so good that fiance and I went the next day!

We ordered the Roti Canai as our appetizer - as we always do at any Singaporean or Malaysian restaurant we go to. It was really good. Warm and flaky, just how we like it!

For our first entree, we got the Hainanese Chicken on Rice. The chicken was yummy: moist, juicy, perfect tenderness. The rice was so good that I finished it all (normally I don't eat what's left after the chicken is gone).

Our second entree was the Malaysian Laksa. This was delicious. Super tasty and packed with flavour. Noodles were the perfect texture. But one thing about this laksa was that we could not taste any spice in it whatsoever. The soup base had too much flavour that it drowned out the spice. Going to have to ask to get it super spicy next time.

At the time we went, it was fairly busy. There were no available tables so we sat on the high chair seats to the right side of the cashier. The restaurant itself has high ceilings with a clean and modern look. 

Overall, it was a great visit. Definitely coming back when we're in the area."
Restaurant is clean and the food is decent. Would come more often but feel it's over priced. A small plate of char Kuey teow is $13 and you have to pick up your food and return your dishes ala food court. The only good thing was they did not ask for a tip
Tried this place out earlier this week through DoorDash. I ordered Nasi goreng, and chicken satay skewers. It was delicious. Very authentic! My family and I enjoyed the food. This is definitely going to be on my regular list of places. :)
I'm a Singaporean and friends from my hometown were curious to try this place. Brightly-lit with nice decor of the country's signature merlion statue and marina bay sands hotel. Taste wise, I would give it 4 stars. Right amount of flavor and wok hei (breath of the wok) for stir fried dishes. Authenticity wise I would give it 3 stars. The texture of the rice in the chicken rice was different from back home and the char kway teow didn't have clams which are usually the highlight. Still, it is worth a try and one of the closest alternatives to flying across the other side of the world.
My NEW favourite dishes at Singapore Hawker. Curry is fragrant and full of flavours, rich and satisfying. Noodles are not over cooked and every strand is seasoned well with fresh toppings. Wonderful meal all around!
The chicken is soft and tender. The rice has some chicken favor can be more. The drinks are a little over priced but the rest are great will return
Order satay was good fried rice was ok char bee hun was 0 star gado gado were ok was missing some thing  ok food not that great satay was awesome
Great food, highly recommend checking this place out. We got take out through door dash, service was fairly fast. The Boneless Hainanese Chicken on Rice is amazing.
"Good food, well priced. Order at the counter and take a seat, wait for your number to be called, pick up your tray and eat at your table.

Quality food, good portion to or price ratio.

Busy for a Friday night and hard to get a table for 6 people.

Friendly staff. Seems like a family rum type place but could be wrong.

A great addition and some variety to the usual side Japanese/Korean/Chinese that are in the area.

Will go back"
"I found this restaurant on Yelp and made my way here for lunch today. The restaurant is set up like a cafeteria. You place your order at the cashier section and pick up your food afterwards. The staff call out your order number off the intercom and you go up to the kitchen counter area to pick up your food. 

The chicken satay skewers were nicely grilled. The peanut sauce was good. It was not watered down. It has been a long time since I have eaten Hainanese chicken and this restaurant did not disappoint. Chicken was tender and juicy. The rice could have been more flavourful. The clear soup helped washed down the meal. The portion size was good for the price. I also ordered a fresh young coconut. You have to get staff to crack it open after you purchase it.

Covid precautions were in place. Most staff wore face masks. There was hand sanitizer located at the front of the cashier. Plexiglass was at the cashier section. There was sign in sheet for contact tracing purposes. Staff were disinfecting tables and chairs between customers. There is paid street parking in front of the restaurant and some two hour free parking one block away."
Food is authentic, very similar to the actual Singapore taste! Take my words for it because I'm a Singaporean!
"We came in for lunch on a weekday at 1pm and the restaurant was pretty full

We got the Singapore Laksa and the Nyonya yellow Curry ($12.95) and Roti
The roti tasted okay, was crispy on the bottom

The Nyonya Curry was oily, flavorful and salty. The ginger rice was very mushy

The Singapore laksa has the coconut and seafood broth but it's on the lighter side. It came with half of a boiled egg, couple of thin fish paste slices, couple of fish balls, tofu puff and bean sprouts, and vermicelli noodles
It was quite pricey for what you get $11.95

The restaurant is located at the bottom of a high rise residential building. There is limited free street  parking"
"I been there twice, first time I had Hainanese chicken it was good, so I went there again to try their stew, and a vermercil noodle, they were t as good as I thought, the noodle don't have much stuff and lake of flavour, I taste better stew and rotai. 

Not the best but it ok"
"Love Malaysian and Singapore food so when I saw Singapore Hawker opening, I was quite excited. We went on a Sunday afternoon around 2.30pm. The place was quite full. Yes, it is a cafeteria style......aka Hawker style, you would know if you have been to Asia! 
The place is clean and bright and has a bit of a buzz and I can tell the locals were excited to try. We ordered Char Kuey Teow, which was very tasty. Loved it. Next we had the Nyonya Beef Rendang on ginger rice. Overall, quite good. Last item was Nyonya fried okra, beans and eggplant. It is flavorful, fresh and colorful. Overall a good experience, would return."
The restaurant was just opened for businesses two days ago. It was packed when I got there for lunch. Because of the soft opening, you can either get 10% off your bill or get a free drink from the fridge. The restaurant is more like a fast food style. You order at the cashier, find a seat, and pick up your food when you see your ordering number on the screen. I ordered the laksa and my friend got the curry beef. Laksa was good. The broth wasn't too spicy and it had a great coconut flavor. However, my laksa was missing an egg and they gave me the wrong kind of noodles. I ordered the laksa with vermicelli (Singapore Laksa) but they gave me the egg noodles laksa (Malaysian). I let them know and they gave me a new bowl. My friend liked the curry but she said the beef brisket wasn't hot at all. It was warm and a little bit cold in the center. She thinks the beef was just heated up from microwave and added curry sauce to it afterwards. Overall it was a bit of a disappointing and lots of room for improvement.
"炒粿條 (Char Kuey Teow) $11.50
新加坡特色叻沙 (Singapore Laksa) $11.95
Review: I finally got to go on a date with my best friend hehe :)) She went here with her family and it looked like it really slapped so we decided to come here together! She got the singapore laksa and I got the char keuy teow. We ended up sharing because we wanted to try each other's  I'll start off with mine- it's kind of like Cantonese 干炒牛河. It's basically wok fried rice noodles with shrimp, fish cake, squid, bean sprouts, eggs and chives. Although this dish is only $11.50, there are a lot of ingredients, they're pretty generous with the shrimp, squid and fish cake! I'm not quite sure why but mine was so spicy... it doesn't look spicy but it was a lot spicier than the laksa which is red I believe they may have used a lot of chilli paste and sweet soy sauce to season it! I packed it up since I couldn't finish it so I wouldn't waste and when I ate it at home it wasn't THAT bad... Nevertheless, I don't think I'll ever order this again since it's so spicy. If you like spicy then this will be perfect for you! Now onto the laksa- the laksa slapped pretty hard to be honest  the flavours were well balanced and although it LOOKS red and spicy, looks deceive and it's really not! The soup is a seafood coconut soup and I believe they added some chilli paste to add a slight kick to it. The laksa is basically vermicelli noodles with tofu puffs, prawns, egg, fish cake, bean sprouts and fish balls in the laksa soup! They were also really generous with ingredients for this meal too. Maybe because the toppings for both meals are mainly processed foods (fish cake and fish balls) which are cheap but they're really generous compared to other restaurants! The ambience of this restaurant is exactly like the name- ""hawker"" which is self serve  you do everything yourself and there are no waiters. Overall, I will definitely come here again and I would recommend people to come here  I want to try the laksa again and other dishes they have here :)
Rating: 8.5/10"
Food is delicious and authentic. Ordered takeout to picnic @Lafarge for 4 adults, 3 kids. Recommend: Haianese chicken with the chicken rice, tofu goreng, kari lembu beef, Singapore laksa, roti canai, sambal green beans. Even our kids enjoyed the food. Beats any Singapore-Malay restaurant in Vancouver-Burnaby!
"Singapore hawkers have very authentic food coupled with exceptional customer service. All items on the menu are from the cuisine of Singapore-malaysia. 

Place ur order at the front counter and be seated for your number to be displayed on the TV screen or being called out by the food server. U collect your food along with your cutlery and enjoy it. 
I m not sure if this practice is followed strictly because of COVID-19 or otherwise too but i don't mind either way. Drinks are available but not alcoholic ones. Enjoy the special Singapore tea ( black tea with condensed milk)
Laksa is my favourite but i thought of trying tofu dishes instead with a side of peanut sauce salad. Tofu dish was yummy as the tofu was tangy n crispy. 
The whole decor is refreshing for eyes. Very busy place for take outs too."
"The Rendang is soooo good!! Very authentic food and really clean. They really stick true to their Hawker philosophy: the food is great tasting, great value with generous proportions, clean, and self-service  We ordered their rice + rendang dish and it was so filling. The rice dish comes with vegetable curry too which was so delicious. We ordered extra telur goreng (fried egg) with sambal. The char kway teow is just okay, it wasn't bad but wasn't mind blowing. The roti canai was so great!

I'm super unsure about why some people complained about the concept itself, like cutleries etc.. these were all pre-COVID. That's just the way it is back in Southeast Asia, and that's why it's named Singapore Hawker. Hawker food is fast and self-service. Obviously now with COVID they have changed and provided cutleries along with your dish. 

We've been back twice and we definitely recommend this place."
Singapore Hocker is an interesting set up it's done more in the style of a café where you order and then go pick up your meal the food is fresh flavourful and a little different from the norm all in all I give it three stars
"備註：食肆以自助形式營運

溫哥華的新加坡菜館不多，而且大都會同時提供馬拉菜色，若以自助形式營運的暫時只有三家，包括""Shiok Singapore Cuisine""、""Hawkers Delight""和今天光顧這家餐廳，但以餐房環境而言則以後者最佳，這裡不單寬敞整潔，裝修別具現代感，加上樓底高及全落地玻璃窗，光線十分充沛。所謂自助形式營運是指由購餐起到吃罷離座完全是自助式，顧客先在到櫃台落單及付款、找位坐下等叫號碼取餐、用過的餐具及剩菜自行放到指定回收分類箱，這種安排也算是一種彼此互動吧！

Singapore Hawker位於高貴林中心Coquitlam Center Mall鈄對面一座商住大樓的地下，相鄰就是手工麵食川菜館""天府飯店""，樓內有大量訪客免費停車位，門前路旁兩側設有收費錶但晚上六點後也可免費泊車。該店開業至今約有七個月左右，是溫哥華一家星馬菜餐館，賣的是又經濟又平宜的大排檔式星馬美食，而且大部份都是現叫現做的，所以落單付錢後會給予一個號碼牌，找個座位等候叫號碼取餐

 Roti Canai 薄餅 $3.95 ~ 這份馬拉薄餅因為是現叫現做，所以上桌時仍然熱烘烘及特別鬆化，但撕開時仍需用點力，餅底煎得香脆，沾附來的咖喱汁一起吃就更加滋味啊！

 Gado Gado Malaysian Salad 馬拉沙律 $5.50 ~ 這種馬拉沙律是我每次到星馬餐館都叫的美食，這裡所做的賣相一般，但味道非常好，沙爹醬裡還加入很多花生碎，唯獨油份太重。材料包括芽菜、炸豆腐粒、四季豆、熟雞蛋及自家制沙爹醬

 Char Kuey Teow 炒貴刁 $11.50 ~ 星洲的炒貴刁即是廣東人的乾炒河粉，傳統上用了星洲的特產黑豉油來炒，所以顏色比較深黑。材料多為海鮮類，包括蝦仁、魚片、芽菜、魷魚、雞蛋等，廚房炒得很有鑊氣

 Hainanese Chicken on Rice海南雞飯 $11.95 ~ 落單時可選雞油飯或薑黃飯，不另加費。店家提供無骨海南雞，所以怕噬骨的顧客可以放心吃。隨餐附送白飯、雞湯、酸甜醬汁及薑蔥茸各一碟，及少許蔬菜。雞肉嫩滑入味，沒有厚厚的皮下肥膏，相當好吃

 Nyonya Rendang Lembu on Ginger Rice 娘惹乾咖喱牛飯 $11.95 ~ 牛肉大大件而且都是淨瘦，所以吃起來感覺略乾但十分鬆軟，咖喱和椰汁都很香濃可口，非常餸飯。隨餐附有薑黃飯和咖喱雜菜各一碗，唯獨咖喱的油份稍多，上面蓋住一層紅油"
"It is not of the Singapore I remember visiting few years ago. 

SH is clean and cafeteria like...less grungy street style as its name would suggest. Which in a way is a relief given the little pester problem called Covid is going on. 

The place's clean/clinical like atmosphere is reassuring but nothing could prevent 12 or so senior citizens plunking down within 6 feet our radius after we sat down. Apparently being unmasked and all, they do not watch the news or care? (Something this restaurant could reinforce?)

We had C1, R1 and roti. All were fairly decent. Okay priced. I personally prefer the curry. 

Will come again to try some other items. Maybe next time we will do take out."
"Probably the best Singapore-style food in the area. As a Singaporean I'm pleased with their char kway teow- fried rice noodles. That's the best in BC (we've tried John 3:16, Penang, and Banana Leaf, and this is definitely the best).

I'd give the laksa a miss as it's easily made with laksa paste that can be found at Asian stores."
"Walk in and order at the counter.  Find your seat and they will call out your number.

It's a nice clean restaurant with friendly counter staff.  There is no service except when you order.  You clear your own dishes.

We order 2 Singapore laksas, beef curry, haianese chicken, garlic squid, chicken satay and fried bananas.

The garlic squid was tasty, but maybe would rate 3.5/5.  Everything else was really good.  But the all star was the laksa.  I was super tasty!  Probably one of the top I've had!  

The Fried banana was good but I've eaten better.  It came out and looked more like a corn dog because the batter was so perfect looking.  It came with a big dallop of ice cream and butterfly sprinkles and a drizzle of chocolate sauce.  There was a skittle but if an after taste, perhaps from baking powder/soda?

This will definitely be on my list of places the next time I'm in coquitlam again!"
It's only been half a year since my last travel to Singapore  and I already missed it because of all the good food  Since it won't be safe to travel in the meanwhile, the only thing I could do was to have Singaporean food locally  Visited @singaporehawker.ca and it definitely satisfied my cravings  The Laksa was so similar to the one I had in Singapore, and the Hainanese Chicken was so soft and yummy  The only thing I would criticize would be the rice, as it's a bit hard and dry. Can't wait to be back again!
Everything we've ever ordered from here has been superb. We're particularly fond of the Rendang, and the roti is almost as good as what we get on the street in Malaysia!
"Went there because of recommendation from a friend.

Ordered the curry beef rice, roti and satay.

All excellent.

Definitely will go again soon."
"Came to this spot as a recommendation from family. More of a food court type of experience. You place order at the front and they call your name to pick up your order and you clean your own table afterwards. 

Comparing it to other Malaysian/Singaporean restaurants in the lower mainland price wise is fairly reasonable. We ordered a lot of items for just under $65.  

Their chicken is pretty good and I would say is a bit better than Mama Lee. Though if their rice could be more flavourful would be nice. 

The rest of the food was alright. Their laksa is a little watered down. Rendang (curry beef) was on the sweeter side and I was not a fan of it, but portion wise is pretty good for the price."
"Ordered takeout from SkiptheDishes. We ordered the beef brisket curry, malaysian curry laksa, roti canai and the hainanese chicken rice. Total was around $60 - note that their skipthedishes prices are higher than their website prices.

We liked the laksa and curry. The hainanese chicken rice is not the best we've ever had, but it's not bad. Authenticity of the food leans more towards Malaysian than Singaporean. Overall, the dishes can be a bit oily but I think laksa is kind of just like that. 

More on my blog: https://sincerelyloewe.com/singapore-hawker-take-out/"
"I stopped by Singapore Hawker for a quick bite to eat after work. We ordered the Malaysian Laksa, Mee Goreng, Roti Cani , and HK Cold Milk Tea. 

Restaurant is nice and bright, with a clean interior. The restaurant was relatively quiet for a Friday night. We ordered our food at the counter, picked our own seat (& utensils) and waited for our number to be called out by their automated computer system.  

Taste wise, my Mee Goreng was fresh and pack full of flavour with a nice spicy kick. My boyfriend is a big fan of Laksa and raved about his noodle dish. The Roti Cani was also a nice appetizer and very reasonably priced at $3.95. (I love it when appetizers are priced well!) The HK Cold Milk was delicious, on the sweeter side with a smooth tea flavour.

Overall, casual dine in spot that was quick, efficient and tasty. I will be back."
"Good food, well priced. Order at the counter and take a seat, wait for your number to be called, pick up your tray and eat at your table.

Quality food, good portion to or price ratio.

Busy for a Friday night and hard to get a table for 6 people.

Friendly staff. Seems like a family rum type place but could be wrong.

A great addition and some variety to the usual side Japanese/Korean/Chinese that are in the area.

Will go back"
"Love that Coquitlam finally has a spot dedicated to Singaporean/Malaysian food! A super casual spot that is largely self-serve, but still offers a pretty large menu of noodle dishes, rice dishes, curries... pretty much all your hawker favourites.

We tried the beef rendang, the beef and chicken satay skewers, and of course roti canai! Everything was soo delicious. Rendang had so many layers of flavour to it and it honestly made me want to get an extra side of rice to finish off the sauce (we actually ended up packaging the leftover sauce to go to mix with rice for dinner haha). There was a nice portion of beef in the rendang as well. As for skewers, just as delicious. They were seasoned nicely and the peanut satay went perfectly with it. As for roti, super flakey and lots of tissue paper-thin layers. It was crispy perfection and did not feel overly greasy at all. The portion sizes are fair relative to the prices and everything is pretty shareable. Overall, was very impressed with the execution of all the dishes we tried. Highly recommend this spot if you find yourself in Coquitlam! 

The restaurant itself is very clean and spacious. I like that even though the service is a very food court style they provide customers with reuseable cutlery when they dine-in. There isn't too much parking just outside the restaurant. Note that the parking right outside the restaurant is metered and monitored pretty closely, so pay attention to the signs for streetside parking. The restaurant is across the street from a shopping complex though and I didn't find any issues with parking in the complex."
Good beef curry! Get the three curry sampler dishes. Decent flavours for a great price.
"Very happy with my experience here. AMAZING value and wonderful flavours. Lots of variety on the menu, and service was very quick.

We ordered the Gado Gado, Nyonya Rendang Lembu on Ginger Rice, and Singapore Laksa. Everything was bigger than I expected and overall, I am extremely happy with the reasonableness of the prices. Definitely coming back again!"
A new Singapore addition to the coquitlam neighborhood - right by Coquitlam center! Very quick and easy hawker style concept (Singapore fast food) where you order and pay at the cashier and find your own seats and wait to grab your order. I was pretty surprised by the generous portion size for the price. We ordered the Singapore Laksa + Kari Lembu. Each of these dishes were $12. The Laksa had a nice rich coconut flavour and they use vermicelli rather than the traditional thicker yellow noodles. The Kari Lembu was stacked with beef and had a good sauce that goes well with lots of rice. A good stop for a quick meal!
"Glad to have made the spontaneous decision to pick up take out from here after a hike: Hainanese chicken rice, kari ayam with steamed rice, rendang.

Closest I've had to good, tasty Singaporean food in Vancouver, tried Mamalee's and John3:16 but no dice. And not just authentic, delicious flavours, servings were generous (for vancouver standards) here too!

The Hainanese chicken rice: chicken was flavourful, moist and not weirdly tasteless like other places. Rice was a little broken, but fragrant and flavour was good. The chicken rice chilli was a little more tangy than I would like, but I'm pretty picky with Chatterbox in Singapore having my favourite chicken rice chilli; ginger was delish and on point. 

Rendang: beef was lean and tender, gravy was lemak, all together it was rich and sedap sekali! I'm looking forward to leftovers for lunch tomorrow.

Kari chicken: chicken was tender, flavours weren't to my taste. It's the ""I don't dislike it, I can eat it, but I wouldn't order it again"", type of dish for me. Gravy was thin, potato pieces were meh. What was delicious though, was the small side serve of sayur lodeh that unexpectedly came with this dish - I want a whole pot of it! The flavours and gravy brought back fond memories.

If they weren't all the way in Coquitlam, I'd be a regular!"
"What a hidden gem! First time I tried their Singapore laksa, soup base was very flavorful and creamy, savoury yet with a hint of coconut cream sweetness. Portion is very generous, and packed with substantial ingredients such as fishballs, shrimps, tofu puffs, etc. It was very good and I couldn't wait to go back and try other dishes. 

Today I went back for the second time, we ordered the boneless hainanese chicken rice, chicken satay, roti, and beef brisket curry. Oh my god!!!! I forgot how many times I said 'this is so good' throughout my lunch. The hainanese chicken was moist and tender and nicely marinaded. Chicken satay is succulent and satay sauce is thick and peanuty. Roti is hot, crispy and airy. Beef brisket is da bomb! It's savory, spicy, creamy, beef brisket has a good percentage of meat and fat. 

I've been raving about it to my family and friends already, can't wait to go back. The only downside is their tables do not have 2 meters apart, and certainly don't have plexi glass. They do keep all doors open to keep the air flowing though, but wish their social distancing is done better during COVID."
5 of me and my foodie friends ate here recently on a Friday night. Close to skytrain station and Coquitlam centre. I had Singapore laksa and roti canai and was not disappointed. Roti is very flakey and rivals John 3:16 Malaysian. Two of my friends had the Hainanese chicken and both said it was excellent.
"Super authentic singaporean food. My extended family's from SEA (south east asia) so pre-covid times I'd travel to ""spore"" for family visits and it's on par with the kind of food I had there.

They're doing great with covid restrictions, staff are wearing masks, barriers for the cashiers, tables are distanced well.

As for the food, I love the roti canai and the char kuey teow, but I've been working through their menu and there's not a dish I haven't liked so far. Even the HK style milk tea is really good."
Hidden gem, one of the good singapore restaurants cafe in town. Food is tasty. It gets busy so prepare to wait for a seat..
Finally a restaurant that serves Malaysian food done right. I love everything except the char kuay teow(fried noodles). Noodles used to be Amaze balls until they decided to remove the very ingredient that gives its signature flavour - the Lap Cheong. Bring it back please!
One of my favourite places to eat Malaysian food! It is affordable, quick service and the prices are affordable. Love this place! Highly highly recommend
"Mid-grade cafeteria style Singapore food, ok for an occasional lazy day depending if you are a real picky Hainan chicken eater or you are just happy with anything Asian.

We ordered Hainan Chicken and Keri Lambu (curry beef) plus a side order of Roti Canai. The beef curry was excellent in taste with full Flavoured spices and welll stewed beef briskets. The amount of potatoes are just right though it doesn't come with any rice so either pay extra for rice or go with roti.

Roti Canai tasted legit but this particular instance was a disappointment as it was overly oily and dark, reminiscent of refry/recook leftover roti. Perhaps next visit we will go at peak hours to hope for fresh roti instead.

Hainan Chicken was a disappointment lacking in Pandan and lemongrass flavour and I am not sure if it is a Singapore thing to not use these herbs. The chicken texture was on point: smooth. The chicken is of good quality and tasted good on its own so i still enjoyed it despite it not having the signature Hainan flavour that I was looking for. The condiments are on the skimpy side: no peanuts, and ginger dipping sauce has no green onions. The soup has zero chicken taste and I wouldn't touch it as i know what poached chicken soup should taste like and this ain't it (I hate getting msg hit so best policy is to avoid it).

Overall a decent place to get Asian food fix and I would try dishes other than Hainan chicken next time (their Laksa looks good) or stay with the beef curry."
"First time we ordered and we pleasantly surprised but all the interesting flavours!

We are not shy of spice, but for the first try we went with ""mild"" for every dish... and there was a lot of spice all around! My lady was almost at the point of being overwhelmed. Next time we might go with a couple ""no spice"" options along with some spicy ones to balance out the heat and give a little reprieve.

We ordered Hainanese Chicken, Mee Goreng, Nasi Goreng, Kari Lembu, Roti Canai, and Spring Rolls. The favorite all around for the entire family was the Kari Lembu. It was so richly flavoured, tender, and saucy. The curry went far on a lot of rice.

We saw that there were many rave reviews about the Hainanese Chicken, however, we weren't very impressed. The chicken was stone cold when it arrived, and it was quite blubbery with the skin and the almost-undercooked meat. The sauces for it were great though.

We will definitely order again, tweaking our menu a bit and trying a couple new things."
"My boyfriend and I always looking for new food adventures and we are happy that we came across to this little gem in Coquitlam.  

They offers signature Singaporean dishes and they were delicious! 

The Mee Goreng was packed with well-balanced flavours. The portion was decent for the price, there were a mixture of proteins like beef and prawns. The skewers were cooked perfectly, they weren't dry or tough to eat and the peanut satay sauce is to die for! It's so good! We do suggest eating the skewers first because the Mee Goreng overpowered the skewers. The Roti Canai was the highlight for us. It was crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, with a hint of sweetness that made it really unique to us. 10/10 recommend getting the Roti Canai.

Follow us on IG for more food adventures: mingmiineats"
This place is near a complex north of the Walmart/T an T side of Coquitlam Center. It's cafeteria style so you order your food, find a table and wait for your number to be called. We ordered a leafy vegetable dish that is only available in season, char Keow Tow, Hainanese chicken rice, and a roti dessert. The food reminded me of the malaysian food my dad makes at home. The size was a good portion and everything was very tasty. The chicken rice is a bit stickier than we're used to  but the overall taste was good. The roti dessert was the first time we've ever tried it. It was crispy and sweet; good to try and share but I personally don't know if I would crave it again. We usually like eating the roti with curry so it's all personal preference. Overall we enjoyed our dinner. It's a very casual place where like the food court you place all your dishes and garbage to a pick up area. If we are in the area we will visit this place again.
Yummy Indonesian food in Atlanta area. Good prices and portion. Also love the grocery that they sell here.
"Great food.  Low price.  Styrofoam containers. Classic great hole-in-the-wall secret.  Either order off the menu or from the line cafeteria style.
I had curry chicken gizzard, curry  beef tendon, Asian veggies over a mountain of rice to soak in that tasty gravy.   7 dollars! !
Will be back."
"I feel like I just ate ate at an Indonesian grandmothers home.  The food is full of flavor delicious!  They have a buffett and menu.  You can't go wrong with either.  The collard greens are so flavorful, the soups are very hearty, this is comfort food at its best!  This is a ""hole in the wall"" restaurant for the adventurous palate.  You won't be disappointed."
"This was my first trip to the new location, but they still have their trademark 3 items for 4.99 special.  

The food is nicely displayed for your viewing, but my only complaint would be that there are no labels for the different selections.  Our server was nice enough, but she didn't have any idea what some of the dishes were so for someone new to Indonesian cuisine this can be confusing. 

I tried the fish curry, home-style fried chicken, and boiled egg and tofu with a generous helping of steamed rice.  My friends tried the tripe, chicken curry, and tempura.  All of the dishes were good and surprisingly the tripe was clean tasting.  

The entire meal was a ton of food, and for such a low price, this is definitely a place that I'll be back to visit soon.  I would also recommend washing down this meal with a nice bubble tea from Quikly which is right down the street."
This place is opened late, and has good and cheap food! It's also very authentic. The spices they use and their soups are all amazing. They also have this special hot sauce they make. Wish I could buy sauce like that!
"Very nice and simple place, owners very warm and happy to be there. Tried the chicken in sticks (forgot the name) which has good sauce. Also tried the traditional juice (lichia with jelly gums) which is .. er... interesting. Water is better if youre thristy.
Recommend you go late at night, after 10pm, when owner is singing on the karaoke! Only after I saw the screen I noticed the songs lyrics were in english =)"
Food was authentic! Portions are huge too. For $5.99 you get 3 dishes with rice. Pretty worth it! There's also a little store section that sells Indonesian food and snacks.
I love finding new spots on Buford Highway... But eventually you settle on your favorite Vietnamese, Chinese, Mexican, etc. Batavia is one of only 2 Indonesian spots in the BuHi area, and I'm not sure another is needed. This place is fantastic. While they have great fresh to order dishes, the must try for lunch is their $5.99 combo, which gets you 2 meats (I recommend the beef rendang and jerky beef) and 1 of their daily rotation of vegetable dishes. They always keep it fresh. Also, be sure to get a side of sambal, the funky, spicy, Indonesian relish/sauce that adds a kick to pretty much anything you get here. For sure, this is one of Chamblee's best kept secrets!
"Some of the items, specially non-vegetarian ones are very tasty.

They use peanut sauce in many items, so careful if you have allergies. The owner/manager is energetic and ready to explain. Please make sure you understand the ingredients and what you are ordering for.

The menu cards are a little old so checkout the prices (not too much different though).

Overall a decent experience. I will repeat and try different things."
"Our first time here... Smiles.  The staff was very nice and attentive. The restaurant is old but was clean and bright. 

  We ordered from the menu. My husband ordered Mie tek tek with Tofu. The waitress told us it was spicy. I tasted it, wonderfully seasoned and it had a wonderful aroma. Yes it had a after spicy flavor but a good flavor. I ordered the Kwetiau Duran with Tofu. Seasoned just right and the portion was large.   We got the spicy eggplant and the spicy green beans from the hot food bar... Both sides were good not very spicy. 
We are going to recommend this restaurant to our work friends."
Honestly, I don't know what Indonesian food is supposed to be like, since this was my first experience of it, but I loved it. I tried two noodle dishes off of the menu, and they were both so so good! I've also tried the buffet, which was delicious--I especially enjoyed the tendon curry and the coconut beef. Oh, also the lady was incredibly kind. Wonderful experience. Oh, and be prepared for it to be super hole-in-the-wall and not really that clean. It's cheap though! :)
"What a great little place. Basically, a little Indonesian hole in the wall that serves food cafeteria style. It looked like you can also order food to be cooked, but on a Sunday, the place was pretty busy and the food in line seemed fresh.

I had a spicy chicken dish as well as beef rendang. In addition I had a green bean, chili, and tofu dish. All was served over a plate of rice. It was delicious! 

Did I mention how reasonable the price of the food was? Really inexpensive and also large quantities of food. The great part was that quality was not sacrificed. 

Not a fancy place, but if you want good food try it out.

I lived in Southeast Asia for several years and it is very hard to find authentic food that reminds me of there. Batavia did the trick and I will definitely be back to try more of the dishes on the menu."
"Walked here from Kung Fu Cafe the other day (just cut through the Asian Square Plaza), and was pleasantly surprised. Don't let the exterior discourage you - this place had some really authentic and affordable food. 

There's a special $5.99 option that you can pick multiple sides to make a plate, but I ended up getting the Mie Tek-Tek (#3) and it was pretty good. It was flavorful, hearty, and the noodles were a good texture. My friend got a fish dish and liked it as well (the one with the *generous* amount of spice on top...so grateful for that heaping plate of rice that came with it, haha!)

Also - the people at the counter spoke mandarin! Pretty neat and not too common here :-)"
I went to Batavia with a few friends and it was our first experience eating Indonesian food. Our server was very helpful in recommending dishes and everything we chose tasted quite delicious. I would recommend the the lamb stew and sate. The grilled fish (tilapia) and the fish cake were also very good. Food was served quickly and they really enjoyed the fact that we all shared the dishes. I highly recommend this place!!
Batavia has been my favorite restaurant on Buford hwy, strongly recommend stir fried rice noodles with shrimp and lamb stew!
Delicious Indonesian food. Nasi Goreng (fried rice) was a standout-very flavorful. They don't hold back on the spices (hot and otherwise). Peanut sauce was the best I have had outside Indonesia. They have a store where you can buy Indonesian goods as well. Priced fairly. Better than the other Indonesian option in the area.
Okay food.  Cheap and decent for Indonesian cuisine.  This place is so much better than their other store.  Order the specials - its much better than their buffet.
"I've eaten things cheaper than the Indonesian food at Batavia (a Mcdonald's hamburger, a Taco Bell taco, your mom) but for sheer volume and exoticism nothing can really beat Batavia's buffet. (Though your mom comes in a close second.)

In the old Delicious Kabob space, the interior is much less grim than it once was. Asian packaged goods to the right (""heh heh--Look, Beavis! Fish balls!"") a dining room and a karaoke stage to the left. You can order from a white board menu filled with vague descriptions or, for $4.99, you can point to items from a buffet line that will then be piled into a Styrofoam box.  Though the presence of visual aids is nice, the buffet line is no less vague than the white boards. However, the nice man scooping food stuffs into your box (ahem) will explain each item upon request.

Your plate starts with a large mound of white rice. I pointed to, um, ""that"" and ""that"" and a little of ""that."" The man, taking pity on me, told me what I ordered. ""That is curried chicken. That is rendang. That is tofu in chili sauce."" He stopped. ""Do you want extra chili sauce?""

Bear in mind, should you answer ""yes"" to this question (which he asks everyone), be careful not to mix it entirely in with the rest of your meal. Should you do this, you may not taste much else afterwards.

Anyway, I ended up with a huge pile of food heaped onto one plate. If you're one of those people whose food can not touch, skip this place. For those of you who aren't insane, you're set. What I ordered was good, some of it better than others. The tofu was more of a miss actually, though I enjoyed the rendag. For $4.99, I couldn't really complain about much, though. My dining companions' orders spanned most of the buffet and they seemed pretty happy. In fact, there were more complaints about the budget, plastic cutlery than anything else. 3.5 stars rounded up to four.

(Oh, and pay no mind to that health score. You'll live.)"
"I can't sing Batavia's praises enough!! The food, the people, the atmosphere...PERFECT!! 

I've never eaten Indo food before, but I was dying to find a good place for my native Indonesian fiancé. After finding Batavia on yelp, we gave it a try!!

The hot bar has plenty to choose from and they have at least 6 white boards with even more selections to choose from. I opted for anchovies with peanuts, hard boiled egg and tofu in a curry sauce, and some of the best tasting veggies I've ever had. They give you VERY generous portions and every hot bar plate comes with white rice. 4.99 for 3 entrees and rice is a total steal and the menu prices range from 6-10 bucks. The girl behind the counter was extremely personable and was very willing to help me out with any extra questions. 

Batavia even has a small area with different Indo and Asian goodies!! They had a huge selection of spice mixes, candies, desserts, snack items, and health items laid out and clearly marked and priced. The cashier was even helping explain a lot of things I didn't recognize as well. 

Batavia is sooo very worth it!! We'll be back VERY soon with an empty stomach in tow. 

The hours are not obviously listed, but they're open times are 11a-2a."
"4.99 gets you rice and 3 sides- yummy- try the beef rendang and the tofu with peppers (or tofu with hard boiled egg)
we also tried the first special- had beef rendang, fired rice, shrimp chips, chicken, homemade sambal, cucumbers, a peanut conconction thins, and an egg in curry- very good!!
The counter guy was really nice and helpful!
liked the lychee drink too!
was an interesting mix of clientel- a dutch couple, a few indians, some indonesians, and a lot of hispanic families coming for the 4.99 togo!
the food was great, prices even better, am definutely coming back!!"
I hadn't been here since 2007 at its old location. I'm glad I came back. It's good esp if you like spicy food.
I've been going here to eat for the past 8 years. The food is delicious. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The owner is very nice and always smiling. The price is reasonable. The food is very flavorful. You get so much food on your combo plates. The portion is so big that I could never finish my food. I usually come with my family for dinner and we always leave so full. Whether lunch or dinner, our family enjoy eating here. I have tried Soto Betawi, Soto Ayam, kwetiau(flat noodle), Bakso malang, nasi goreng, bakmi ayam, sate chicken, sate lamb, siomay, and many more that I don't remember at the moment. Today I brought my sister in law and her kids to try Indonesian food for the first time and they loved it. I personally love Indonesian food because I love the spices and spicy food. We came for lunch today and had roti canai, beef rendang, curry chicken, spicy green beans and tofu, spicy stir fry eggplant, collard greens, beef tendons, beef tripes, fried wings and fried rice for the kids since they couldn't really eat spicy food. The restaurant also has a mini grocery inside that has a variety of authentic Indonesian seasonings and food. Its like a mini market. I've tried many food on the menu and I can't wait to come back again!!
First time trying out this place and I love it. The food was delicious. We had the green bean that was so good. The eggplant was delicious too. We also had the beef rending. The kids love the chicken wings with fried rice plate. The people are nice and very helpful. I would definitely come back here again and would recommend this place to anyone who love authentic Indonesian food.
I am going to explain experience and how I found this place. Dad randomly picked this place while we were driving by, when you first look at it's in a shady complex area. When you in enter this place it's mostly restaurants and it's a little shop which is cute. They give you a picture menu which is great because for those who are not sure what they want can see how they offer many different kind of dishes from soup to curry. They do have a lunch offer which you can get two meat with rice or you can pick out of the menu. For those who like adventures food should try this place because they offer dishes unique from there country. I had there popular dish the comes with fried rice with egg and two grill chicken on a stick with sauces and big chicken drum stick. The staff lady for us very sweet and helpful. The little shop has many items from seasoning, sweets and chips too other etc. This was my first time trying Indonesian food and it was great I am glad I did not judge a book by it's cover otherwise I would have never probably came to this place, honestly you almost miss the resturant if you don't drive by that area of doraville. The food is great and I recommend people to try it especially if they want Indonesian food that is authentic.
I went for lunch and while they had a whole menu of options, I opted for their lunch line of pre made food. They had at least 8 meat dishes and 8 veggie dishes to choose from and they placed them on a plate of white rice. I had eggplant, tofu and potatoes, all of which were delicious, and just spicy enough to be flavorful without killing my mouth. You take your own water and silverware so it is not fancy, but it is a great find. The prices were very reasonable too.
"Great food! We had lamb stew, some kind of noodle, roti, and fried tofu appetizer. Everything was good, especially the broth of the lamb stew, spicy with a little touch of sour (probably had lime or lemongrass or both). 

Definitely a hole in the wall. But seems to be pretty clean. 

Pretty cheap even comparing to Chinese food court, while you got way better food by any standards.

They also have combo deals ($7?$8?) Which you can choose two or three dishes. We didn't try but doesn't look bad at all.

Update Jan 1st, 2016: did I mention their food are just like those you got from any bazaar (food court) in Singapore? I cannot say how authentic it is as Indonesia food but def legit Southeast Asian food. Love this place. Staff are nice too."
"""Bagai pinang dibelah dua."" translates to ""Like a betel nut split in half"" which basically means ""identical"". This is exactly how i feel when comparing Batavia to Tempo Deloe. I have resigned myself to the fact that I will have to agree to disagree with the great reviews these two restaurants get. Batavia is good, but not great. Slight edge to Batavia on taste and selection. My lips are always left comfortably numb. They have a good selection of vegetarian options. Service is courteous. Signage is definitely an issue, with Spanish signs covering the windows, but no effort to help identify what is actually on the buffet. Sure it is cheap, but as far as quantity, most of the weight on the styrofoam plate is white rice. So, you got $5 and want to try authentic Indonesian, but can't decide? Flip a coin. ""Bagai pinang dibelah dua."""
"Ok so in terms of ambiance, I would not suggest this place for a nice date. But if you want some good food for a great value, and don't mind a random hole in the wall... by all means! come here!

A combination of a small grocery store on one side, karaoke bar on the other, and finally a Indonesian/ Malaysian/ Chinese cuisine all mixed together, its certainly a interesting experience.

There is a hot bar where you can get 3 sides with rice for $4.99, but I would recommend ordering off the menu. As for recommendations: 

- The $1 lamb skewers. 
- The lamb soup, which is a yellow curry with thick coconut milk and chunks of moist lamb meat. It's a great option to eat with their white rice. Their white rice is also mixed with a Japanese grain, so it's always very moist and not overcooked. 
- The ox-tail soup, it's a chicken broth base, so its not as thick as the lamb soup. 
- The smoothies here are made of real fruit, none of that powdered stuff mixed with tea, and it's only $2.50! also one of my fav's!

The service in this restaurant is also excellent. The older lady in the front and the cook in the back are the owners of the restaurant, and they both genuinely care about how you like the food. Overall, I enjoy my experience here, and I come back every week!"
"My go-to stop every time I'm in Atlanta. 
Fairly authentic Indonesian food. Fast and friendly service. And I can stock up on snacks!"
"This place and tempoe doeloe are my new obsessions. They have all day combos for 5.99 which is amazing. If you like spicy food
With great flavors, you need to check this place out. 

Some of my favorite items include the beef rendang, eggplant, tempeh, sambal terasi chicken, sambal hijau chicken, collared greens you can't go wrong eating here. 

It is located in a plaza just off Buford highway on shallowford. Plenty of parking. They are open for lunch all the way to 2 am. Good for that late night snack. Highly recommended. 

Ps try the indinesian desserts as well."
"Back in the Philippines, we would call unassuming eateries like this ""carinderias"" where an array of cooked dishes are laid out in front you to choose from. We have not had Indonesian food since we moved here and I've been missing my favorite Nasi Goreng so much! Did a search, found this here and decided to bookmark it. After our monthly trip to the BuHi Farmer's Market, decided to have dinner here.

Naturally, we ordered shrimp nasi goreng and different kinds of satay made to order, chicken rendang, a bittermelon dish and another chicken viand I forget the name of (my husband is a chicken nut) and a thai iced tea.  Since the nasi goreng and satay were made to order, we started with the other three viands with a mountain of rice. Loved the chicken rendang and the bittermelon dish that reminded me of home.  But what we loved even more was  the nasi goreng! They did serve us the wrong combination of satay but we didn't mind since everything was good. We had chicken, beef and lamb.  I recommend the lamb, it was so tasty! Having thai iced tea was so refreshing to have with spicy and flavorful dishes too.

Everything we ordered was just about $25, what a good deal! They're open til 2AM and I am definitely making them my go-to midnight meal place from here on out!  I really love places like this, no frills, just good, authentic, inexpensive food."
"This place gets better every time we return! The staff are warm and friendly, taking care that we understand the menu. The variety of food is considerable (we prefer the dishes clearly marked ""Indonesian"", and particularly like the lamb soup and the oxtail soups. The beef rendang and the collard greens have also been real winners. 

There's always an interesting mix of people in here, what with Chinese, Latin American and Indonesian dishes all on the menu. Make no mistake about it, however. This place is definitely Indonesian, distinguished from all the others by one glance at the buffet bar--an excellent deal with three large portions plus rice for only $6.50.

Eating here really feels like being back in Indonesia, friendly people and all. I'm sure we'll be back many times."
"I'm truck driver and I like Asian food a lot and I try it all over the country . 
Got really impressed with this place , food is authentic, rich taste and good customer service . Worth it and Give it a try !!!"
I  know nothing about Indonesian food, but I know what tastes good. Batavia is awesome.  It's a quiet little cafe with an Indonesian grocery. The people are friendly and the food is incredible.  I wasn't sure what to order, so Iris suggested chicken fried rice. A safe play. It turned out to be the BEST chicken fried rice I've EVER had. It came with some pickled cucumbers on the side, which were also delicious. A great casual spot off the beaten path to try something new.  I highly recommend it.
My workplace is not far form Batavia and my co-workers frequent this place all the time for lunch. I finally got to try their food this week and it was awesome! The store itself is kind of a hole-in-the-wall but I love places like this because you know the food will be good. I ordered three 2 veggie+meat specials and paid a total of $20! Super affordable and they pile on the food so you won't be leaving hungry. It is cafeteria style and if you don't know what something is, just ask. The ladies behind the counter are super friendly.
In all honesty, I don't know if I would have ever spotted this place without someone pointing it. It looks run down but when entering it has a neat shop of Indonesian products and a cafeteria serving style food bar. You can also ordered dishes but what got me where the $1 meat skewers. Super good but warning, you can spend more than you think with thinking it's so cheap, lol.
Our new favorite Indonesian Diner! Delicious steam table food with some delicious weird dishes like deep fried tofu with deep fried hard boiled eggs. I was dubious at first, not any more because it was so delicious. Try their eggplant dish, if u like eggplant or Chinese Eggplants you will love theirs. Determinedly informal.
Authentic and tasty Indonesian food. I took public transport from my downtown hotel and walked the 15 minutes from the Marta station on a warm day just to get here. It was worth it! I had the sambal goreng udang with petai beans. Delicious! The taste lingered in my mouth during the next days so my mind kept going back to this wonderful restaurant. I also bought some spices in the shop to take home.
"One of my favorite lunch spots, friendly service and good food. I like how they don't try to change the flavors to suit the ""American"" palate. No fried food drowned in sugary and sticky sauces here. Just authentic, taste like it's made in a home kitchen food for a great price."
"I eat there several time a month. The food there is cheap and tasty. I'd say it's worth trying but bear in mind that this is an Indonesian restaurant run by Chinese and Indonesian which means that the food is bound to taste very different than burgers and pizza. SE Asians love their food spicy so make sure you ask whether the food you are ordering is spicy or not if you do not like spicy food.

You can have rice with three sides for $5.99. Other dishes cost a bit more but the prices are still very reasonable. BBQ sticks cost $1 each and they taste great. I'd recommend the durian smoothie, esp. to non SE or E Asians. It tastes almost the same as durians. For those that do not know what durians are, wiki it. It is a great fruit that tastes great but has an aroma that not everyone likes. The drink is not too ""smelly"" and the taste is good and it costs just $3.50 so it's definitely worth trying. I ask all my non-Asian friends to try it. 

They also have a grocery section that carries mainly Indonesian food. I find the items there to be a bit pricey so I buy them only once in a while. For example, a small box of cookies cost $5."
"Great hole in the wall for Indonesian food in the back of a supermarket.  I came to Batavia after canceling an order in the Chinatown Food Court because I realized I forgot to bring cash. Hungry and disappointed, I drove down the road to find another restaurant... and stumbled across Batavia.

Yes, Batavia takes credit cards, even though a meal with two meats and a side only costs $5.99 (not including tax).  It's nice that Batavia values convenience over saving a few cents on credit card fees.  On the night I went, there were about 15 different dishes to choose from for the two meats + 1 side combo.  Beef rendang, several variations of tasty bone-in chicken, and a few choices for vegetables.  You're not limited to what's at the counter - several other dishes can also be ordered from the kitchen.

The food was very tasty.  Portions were generous.  I ordered the beef rendang, spicy and sweet chicken, and string beans.  The sauce on the chicken was very good.  Beef rendang was decent - a little blander than at other restaurants, but still good.  The food overall had a mild level of spice and was a little bit greasy.

A few tables are in front of the counter if you choose to dine in.  It's nothing fancy.  Great place for a quick, cheap, tasty meal after work."
I absolutely love this place.  I have eaten at this place multiple times, sometimes multiple meals in one day.  My usual is the 2 meats with 1 veggie plate for 5.99.   You can't go wrong with the beef rendang, eggplant, tempeh, sambal terasi chicken, sambal hijau chicken, collared greens, or green bean tofu.    I highly recommend this place if you like spicy food.
This place serves Indonesian food at a very affordable price. Will definitely visit again!
$5.99 for two meats and a vegetable. I had a chicken dish, an insane tendon curry, and eggplant. Everything was great. Service was great and it was clean from what I could tell. I will return!
Batavia have authentic Indonesian foods we also enjoyed the foods here, last time visited I enjoyed Soto mie Bogor and was tasty ..
"I lived in the Netherlands a while back with my ex's family (who were Dutch). Every time they would order Chinese (""Chinees"") it was...not the Chinese I was accustomed to, but it was good. I had fu yung hai for the first time there; when I moved back to the US and ordered what I thought was egg fu yung at a Chinese restaurant, I was disgusted to learn that the fluffy omelette like meal I was expecting was greasy and soggy and drenched in a brown sauce rather than the red one I was expecting. Flash forward a few years later and I learned it was because what all my Dutch friends had been calling Chinese was actually Indonesian! Every time I've moved I've looked for an Indonesian restaurant in the hopes I could get fu yung hai and Kroepoek (sort of like...shrimp chips?). There wasn't one in Philly, wasn't one in Nola, but FINALLY THERE IS ONE IN ATLANTA. AND IT'S LEGIT!! The fu yung hai was amazing (beloved red sauce! Yay!), kroepoek were delicious, and the bami (fried rice...got the chicken version) was great! Hubs loved his kebab too. I'm so glad to have found some Indonesian food stateside! Will def come back!"
"First time for Indonesian for me, but really sweet people and pretty yummy food. The ""man in charge"" told us Indonesian is like a mix of Indian and Thai. My stomach said, ""bingo"" or ""loteria"" (since we were on Buford Highway) as those are my 2 favorite ethnic foods. It's on Buford so don't expect some chichi place, but there are cheap yummy foods and great service. Honestly, the server made this experience. She was super sweet, attentive, and gave us great suggestions on the cuisine. 

$1.00 sticks of meat, coconut curry soup with lamb, the rice special with coconut rice, hard boiled egg with spicy sauce, noodles, and anchovies and peanuts (yes that was a sorta random assortment). We started off with some meat filled dough triangles - the official name, yup. Sorry I can't remember what they were called. Thai tea was an excellent pairing. You can really feast here for little money! Make sure you go to this location on Shallowford Rd."
"YUM!!!!

I've never had Indonesian food before but decided to give it a try. This place is absolutely a hole in the wall. The cheap pricing doesn't reflect on quality or food portions. For $4.99, I got a heaping amount of rice and my choice of 3 sides. I ordered  a beef dish, a sweet/sour chicken dish, and a spicy chicken dish. I can't recall any of the names but the food was DELICIOUS.

Makes me want to discover more Indonesian cuisine."
Batavia is a hole in the wall type of restaurant that serves Indonesian cuisine. It's located in a shopping center behind Buford Highway and near the back side of Asian Square. It's a cheap way with delicious food. Majority of people come to the restaurant for two sides and a rice combo deal which is $5.99. You can also order from the menu which is what I do. I like the scoop style but I feel the combo is not as fresh as when you order. I like to order the stir fried rice noodle combo. The combo comes with meatballs, chicken, and shrimp. I don't care for the meatballs much but for $9 I was hoping for more chicken or shrimp. Noodle is accompanied with pickled cucumbers and hot sauce. I have also tried their smoothies. It's made freshly! The owner lady is nice and very helpful. Overall, it's a decent restaurant if you want something fast, cheap, and delicious. Plenty of seats and there's even gaming machines.
I love the food here.  They never disappoint and their portions are large.  The Indonesian food is so authentic and flavorful.  I always have a hankering for this place when I drive by.  The people are also nice.  You won't go wrong ordering from their bar.  Try everything!
This is a pure ethnic experience- no Americanization going on here with the food.  The food is tasty, although it was too spicy for me.  If the chili was more subtle I would've loved my meal.  The staff and customers were soft and sweet as so many Indonesians are.
"The best Gado Gado outside of Indonesia! Good diverse menu! Suggest order from menu, the buffet does seem interesting but unappetizing! 

The service is good, the portions are generous and food hot, fresh and flavorful if you order from the menu!

Will visit again!"
i love this food so much . very authentic indonesian , the best kikil and rendang . i love it ..
Love the dishes there. My kid's favourite is their bbq sticks. We always go back there. One of our fav places to go too.
Very tasty. Very spicy. Very good. Very cheap. I highly recommend. Something that tickles my taste buds.
"Quite simply, the food here is delicious. Yes, they have some stuff I wouldn't dare try. They don't waste any part of any animal they cook (like tendons, stomach, and other things) Also, I am a vegetarian, so I wouldn't eat it anyway. But there are a lot of good vegetarian options:

1. Egg and tofu  (if you're ok with egg)
2. Collard greens are delicious!
3. Kentang (potato)
4. Beans w/tofu
5. Eggplant (yum!)

...and more. If you like to spice it up, order a side of green sambal. It's incredible and it's vegan.

A big plate of rice and three sides is approximately $6. You can't beat that. Not for food this good.

They also have plenty of groceries. I highly recommend the homemade tempeh. It is really delicious. I think it is a bit pricey at $5. But you will not be disappointed. I promise."
"My husband and I enjoyed this very much.  It was a great change from same-old, same-old.  Another reviewer wrote that he had trouble getting himself to order anything but sate padang so I knew it must be good.  It was delicious.  When I found out what was in it (I am not telling) I felt a bit doubtful about ordering it but it was very good.  

My sweetie ordered a fish dish with chili sauce that sounded like a really bad choice -- in a small cheap restaurant many hours from the nearest coastline -- but it tasted fresh and moist and mild inside with this garlicky chili sauce on the outside.  You had the choice of including as much of the sauce in each bite as you wanted.  He had quite a bit so he sweated and turned pink but he loved it.  

For dessert we bought one of the cakes in the grocery section.  It was very rich and good.  It was a little like mochi with the taste of coconut milk and fruit jelly between the layers.

I haven't tried any of the other Indo restaurants in Atlanta but I would recommend this one."
Great variety. It will take me many trips to try them all. Price is very fair. both my husband I liked what we ordered. 2 entries and 1 combo ($5.99, 2 meat+1 veggie) cost $25 and all were good. The restaurant were packed with people from southeast Asia.
"Nice people seem to genuinely care if you like their food. 

They have some scary meat choices like tendons and gizzard, and the chicken has spine in it. I asked for just the juice from the curries, but she gave me some ""pieces"" anyway. One was softly gelatinous and the other was gamey and chewy. Everything was quite spicy. One lady asked me with a smirk, ""Too spicy?"" ""No, I like it hot"". 

I'd never had Indonesian, so glad for the chance to try it, but don't need a second visit. 

Cheers~"
"Like the former Batavia location on Chamblee Dunwoody and the other Indonesian restaurant, Tempo Doeloe, they have the ""3 dishes for $4.99"" special in a cafeteria-style setup. Unless Tempo Doeloe expanded their selections since my last visit, I think Batavia has more and better selections to choose from. 

I ended up getting the fried tofu with bean sprouts (tasty tofu), spicy fried chicken (also very tasty but very deep-fried = not good option for my high cholesterol), and yellow curry chicken (very good). I came with two friends, and one friend got the fried fish (not much meat but very good), yellow curry tofu and boiled egg (looked good), and beef rendeng. My other friend got the tempura (not sure exactly what was in this but I liked the crunchy texture ... I think that's the only good thing I can say), yellow curry tripe (I'm not a tripe fan so I didn't try it), and beef rendeng. Portions are very generous.

They've also got a little food market inside the restaurant, incl. different crackers, noodles, and sauce packets. 

Overall 3 stars but I think Batavia might have the best Indonesian food - of course I'm basing this on the cafeteria-style selections only. If you like trying new foods, variety, and great deals, then check this place out."
"I love Indonesian food and am pleased that the two main Indonesian eateries in Atlanta, namely Batavia and Tempo Doeloe, stay loyal to authentic Indonesian flavours. I sadly cannot say the same about Malaysian restauranteurs who, like most  of their Chinese counterpart, love to bastardize their wonderful cuisine to suit the American palette.

However, not everything at Batavia tastes great. For a die-hard Indonesian cuisine fan like me, I keep coming back here trying different dishes, since they offer such a great variety. My favourite dish from their combo selection is terung balado (sambal eggplant). Their many different curries (rendang, beef tripe, chicken liver and chicken gizzard) are all very good. Bakwan and stir-fries are above average.

I don't order a la carte dishes from the kitchen much since their $4.99 combo is such a smashing deal. But I've had gule kambing (goat stew/curry) and soto ayam (chicken soup with noodles) were excellent, even better when I had them as leftovers!

It's a very casual atmosphere at Batavia and Indonesians love hanging out there for hours. It opens till late too. Everyone who works there is very friendly and I'm always happy to be able to converse in Indonesian, Mandarin and Cantonese with them (Batavia owners are Chinese)"
"Best Indonesian restaurant in Atlanta. Every dish I have tried has been amazing, especially the rendang (beef).  Authentic Indonesian food. My non-Indonesian friends also love the food there. Durian smoothie is really good.
They have ready to serve food or you can order from their menu. Either way, it's quick and delicious. Lots of options. Good price."
Got a great dinner here for $6.41 total: generous portions of rendang, greens and eggplant on a huge bed of steamed rice. All the dishes were delicious. You can order off the menu or select from the hot table as I did. All the food was hot and the place is clean. It looks kind of tired on the outside in a sort of run down shopping center, but inside it is a comfortable but plain little store and eatery with ample seating. The people are very friendly and willing to explain the dishes to those who are not familiar. One of the best values I have seen in Atlanta! Looking forward to coming back soon to try more dishes...
Came in at 10pm after doing my grocery shopping at the Buford Hwy Farmer's Market. Service was very friendly, the food was inexpensive and simple but also delicious. The Thai iced tea was amazing. I can't wait to go back when the hot bar is fully stocked!
"I admittedly have little experience with Indonesian food aside from the staples- roti chanai, beef rendang, and nasi goreng, but when I saw this restauarant/grocery store, I knew I had to give it a try and I was not disappointed!

All the food listed above is of good quality and reasonably priced- all the other food I've tried through their cafeteria style meal plates are delicious. If you know your Indonesian cuisine and you know what you're getting you probably have a more informed opinion, but I've eaten here a couple times now [and plan on many more since it's right up the road from my office!] and I've never left disappointed.

They serve a wide range of tasty drinks as well and they've partitioned off about a third of the interior to serve as a small shop for Indonesian cooking staples. I've never purchased anything there but it adds to the comfortable, communal atmosphere the restaurant has."
"i HIGHLY recommend this place. its a hole in the wall place ive been introduced by my boyfriends mom and have come so often staff recognize me. haha 
its a sit in or take out place in a plaza behind the main buford highway road in chamblee. theres a small grocery store in there but the best is the buffet they have laid out. i usually do take out since its so simple and i like eating at home. 
i have been coming here for the past two years and i have never been disappionted. food flavor is always on point. i always get the tendon curry, collard greens, and spicy chicken. sometimes i get the tempeh. can never go wrong with those in my option. my boyfriend usually gets the beef rendang and bitter melon (i cant do the taste hah) . 
the price cant be beat. two meats and one veggie for $6. sooo worth it. for those who want to try something new definitely come here.

the only thing is that portion size is sometime not consistent but my boyfriend and i love it i think we just get sad we cant get more haha. 
this past visit i really wanted soup so i got the ox tail soup. so soothing for the soul. ill be trying more of the other things."
"This place is as authentic as it gets for Indonesian food. Of course it does not hurt that he food is very cheap as well.

Every time I visited Atlanta, I made a point to eat the food here. I wish Houston has Indonesian restaurant as good as this one.

If you like Indonesian food, you cannot go wrong by coming to this restaurant."
if you want a ton of food for 5,6,7 bucks this is the place. the price varies depending on whether you get 2 meats and a vegetable, 3 meats, 2 vegetables and 1 meat, etc. but all plates come with rice. I noticed you have to come at peaks during the day to catch the food really fresh.  I went around 2 oclock on a sunday and it was very fresh, but 8 oclock on a weekday night and it wasnt the best. One other observation is the size of the portions. There's one younger lady who is very friendly who really piles the food on your plate, then there's an older woman who is more tight with the portions lol get the beef, the barbecue chicken, the roti is made to order but really good. also try their smoothies. The favorite is tarot. Some people complain about the neighborhood etc but its buford hwy! you really get the quintessence of culture and atlanta eating somewhere like this.
I've never tried Indonesian food before and Batavia didn't disappoint. I ordered the whole fried fish and the ground beef appetizer (can't remember the name). The whole fish was well seasoned and fried the way I like. The appetizer was soooo good. I can't wait to go back to try the other items. The prices are reasonable and the ladies that work behind the counter are very nice.
There's a very helpful lady in the counter that'll explain any questions you have. I had the lamb curry soup stew, fish cake w. peanut dip, & my bf got char kway teow. The soup is a bit sweet for me..  fish cake was not a big hit for me. char kway teow is okay... may give it a another try with the $5 for 3 items.
"A second Batavia location has opened up where Delicious Kabob used to be.  Two of my good Indonesian friends come to this restaurant about once a week and prefer this location over the Chamblee-Dunwoody location nearby.  They took me and some friends here tonight and we left impressed.

Batavia is a very casual Indonesian restaurant.  The decor inside is what you'd expect of a restaurant in this neighborhood.  The food is a great value and they offer a wide variety of Indo dishes.  They have a bunch of food already cooked behind a glass window and you can choose 3 items plus steamed rice for only $4.99.  So inexpensive.  It's like ordering at one of those Chinese restaurants in a mall food court, except the food here is better.

They also have a menu which you can order from with entrees ranging from $5 to $10.  Those they'll cook in the kitchen.  I opted for 3 items off their line.  They offered a variety of curry dishes (fish, chicken, beef), eggs, beef jerky, chicken gizzards, chicken livers, vegetables, etc.  It was all Indo.  I went with a whole Pompano fish in curry sauce, chicken curry, and chicken liver in a spicy sauce.  A lot of boney stuff, but it was good.

I also tried one of their homemade Indo drinks for $2.50: an ""es teler,"" which is a popular Indonesian fruit cocktail drink.  It contained small slices of jack fruit, avocado, black grass jelly, nata de coco, and coconut milk.  To be expected, it was kind of thick, but sweet and not bad.

Some of my friends ordered off the menu and their food looked and tasted so good (see my Local Photos), better than the stuff already on the line.  Next time I come here, I will order off the menu.

Finally, one end of the restaurant has a small market which sells Indonesian food, snacks, and drinks.  These are items such as noodles, cookies, tea, and seasonings.  They even have small shopping baskets for you to use.  Pretty neat.  At the other end of the restaurant, they have a karaoke section.  When we left, one Indo family was singing Careless Whisper by WHAM!  An entertaining end to our trip to Batavia."
Authentic Indonesian food, for only $6 you get a choice of 3 entrees with rice. Some of the entrees can be real spicy though, just make sure you ask what that is before ordering. I order their curry chicken and rendang beef every time for the entrees.
The lady here was very helpful, and made great suggestions. I knew it had to be good, when I was the only English speaking patron there. I highly recommend the lamb soup...or chicken version, both are excellent.
I love this place. I have been here many, many times. One of my favorite places in Atlanta. The inside is nothing special, but the food is very flavorful. The staff is always kind and willing to offer suggestions. Indonesian food is unique, and I am very glad I stopped by to try it!
Love this place.  It replaced my former Indonesian place down the road. They have a menu but I rarely an able to pass up their rendang, tofu and egg and collards (quite a revelation).  I love the hot shrimp paste. It is a pretty great value for 'fast' food. The people that serve are super nice. They love to explain and allow you to taste their dishes.  I have plans to try their kebabs one time.  Highly recommended.
"I read the reviews some others had posted and decided it was time to finally try this place. It is located in the same strip plaza as Casa Vieja. I have never tried Indonesian food before; however, I have had Malaysian and perhaps that is the closest thing I can compare it to. 

I tried the choice of three items (Beef Rendang, sauteed chicken livers, and spicy eggplant) over rice. Everything was well seasoned and not too spicy. The Beef Rendeng was a little bit on the tough / chewy side and not fall off the fork tender like I have had at some Malaysian places. But overall a good cheap satisfying meal.

NOTE: Since the time I first wrote this review (about a year or so ago) I have to say that I now prefer Batavia over Temploe Doeloe. Batavia seems to be more generous with their portioning than TD. Plus Batavia is also a grocery store and somewhat of an Indonesian community center as well. 

Sometimes there are small gatherings with music in the sectioned-off dining room. Sometimes there are people at the bar singing karaoke tunes broadcast over the restaurants loudspeakers. Great people watching spot as you can imagine.

It has proven to be, after many, many visits, to be both an interesting dining experience as well as a place for  good cheap meal."
"Everything in my original review still stands.  The $4.99 three items plus rice combination still stands.  How the heck do they and Tempo Doeloe make any money off of that?  I returned recently and tried the following off the line:

Chicken curry
Yellow eggs and tofu
Vegetables (broccoli, cabbage, and carrots)
Mie tek-tek - stir-fried noodles with chicken, egg, and vegetables

I'd say the quality of the food here leans heavily towards three stars, but I gave this place four stars because of three reasons: (1) it's inexpensive and filling, (2) they're open late until 2am, and (3) they sell various Indonesian baked goods and dry snacks.  Note that while the restaurant closes at 2am, the food on the serving line ends at 10:30pm each night.

You get what you pay for as far as the $4.99 food goes.  It's decent for what you pay.  If you come hungry, you might not leave full off one plate.  The food is served on a plastic plate.  Drinks are served in Styrofoam cups.  I think you get more food from Tempo Doeloe's $4.99 combo.  I think the quality of the food at TD may be slightly better, but there are more selections at Batavia.  It's close, though.

The mie tek-tek was ordered off the menu.  It was basically a bowl of egg noodles stir-fried with pieces of chicken meat (dark), egg, and some green veggies.  Average.  Service is not much to speak of, but the people are friendly.

#Yelp365 - 66/365"
"If you like spice food.  This is the place.

I Love their chill sause ma lie jean.  

Their to go box is a great way ti try different things with good portions, unlike the other place, name starting with a T.

I will come back for more."
I have a close Indonesian friend in college. She introduced me to homemade Indonesian food and I miss her and her food so much! Fortunately, I can find some of the good memories back then at Batavia! We just found out about the place and tried some of their dishes. I highly recommend Bihun Udang( soft rice noodles stir fry), Ayam Bakar(grilled chicken)-sauce is awesome. The Ikan Tongkol Balado (fried mackerel with hot sauce)is also great. Just a notice we had it with tilapia as they ran out of mackerel; not sure how it would taste with mackerel. What I like most about this place is their sambal sauce. So good so spicy just like how my friend made! They require people to wear mask at least and provide hand sanitizer - so that's a brownie point! They also have a grocery section where I collected few jars of sambal sauce. My tongue would hate me for this haha. We must come back and try other dishes!
"My Indonesian wife and I ate here. The food is good but catered to the American taste. At least this is my opini

This place has an aquarium that is a good example of an aqua phonics system. If you've thought about making a system for yourself, you may want to check this out."
I love the food here. Yes I know it's not much to look at but have never been disappointed in the food and that's what we come for, right?  The staff has always been friendly and accommodating and give great recommendations.
Great food! Super flavorful and open late! I would definitely recommend trying the place out.
"My wife and I ate here and she thought the food was good. Of course, she is from Indonesia and I am not. I thought the food is good but they did cater to the American taste. My opinion is that this is about as close as you can get to Indonesian food at an economical price. 

This is something of a market and restaurant combination and we arrived after normal lunch time hours. While we were there people were continually coming in to get something to eat."
"Dont order empek2 from here.. is really small for the price, fishy smell, and the cuko (sauce) was taste really bad.. i dont know what is that.. i think they dont know how to make the sauce.. cos is really thick and smell really strong.. before i loke to buy empek2 from another indonesian restaurant But they are closed now (so sad no more options) 
One more thing is last time we tried to order Satay kambing ( Lamb skewers ) is come out really dry and the size was so small. 
But the good thing is 2-3 item choice with rice is kinda good. They have alot of choice of food you can choose. And the important things is they have grocery inside the store to. So if u wanna try to cook indonesian food at home u can try to buy instant indonesian seasoning there.. they have a bunch of choice u can try :)"
"An Indonesian diner. You can order off the menu, but the steam table stuff is great and you get it fast. Some things are super unfamiliar, like fried tofu and hard-boiled eggs in curry (which we enjoyed very very much), some dishes are familiar and tasty, like the curried chicken. And some are absolutely excellent, like the eggplant - if they have it, don't miss it. Best eggplant in any Asian restauraunt.

We did not like the beef rendang and those little deep fried pomfrets get real hard after a couple of hours on the steam table.

Not so very spicy, you'll be safe.

It's an unassuming little diner, it shares its space with a little Indonesian market, it's clean and CHEAP. $7 for 3 dishes and rice. Light-years ahead of the chains and you'll still pay less than it costs for a gloppy burger.

Recommended."
"I came here at around 10 for a late night dindin. They have a selection of foods arranged in buffet trays. You can select 3 items and rice for 4.99. Well, this place has a pretty big selection, but at 10, the quality was meeh. They were going to start cleaning up at 10:30 anyway. The place is actually opened until 2, so you can order from the menu.

I chose the egg and tofu, veggies, and curry chicken. The egg and tofu was good. It was a hard boiled egg, but the skin seemed like it was fried. The veggies were standard cabbage, broccoli, etc.. that you would find at buffets or mall food courts ( Big Cajun). The curry chicken was good enough.

My friend ordered mi tek tek from the menu. I thought I was ok. It was egg based (yellow) noodle with shredded chicken, boy choy, and dried onions. It was very hot temperature wise. I did not like the after taste too much. 

The store also has a selection of goodies, dried noodles, soup bases, and other Indonesian specialties. 

I'd come back for the 3-for-4.99 deal."
"Although this place serve Indonesian food, it doesn't taste like one.  I was born and raised in Indonesia. So I'm very very familiar with Indonesian cuisine.  

They also sell some Indonesian groceries next to the dining. 

This establishment is not own by Indonesian , and most likely nor the chef is Indonesian.

But it's not necessary a bad thing, this place still serve decent foods. It is still enjoyable and price is inexpensive. Good place to grab a hearty, tasty and cheap lunch. Hence I gave them 4 stars.

Service:
More like self serve kind of restaurant. You order your meal and pay upfront at the cashier. When your meal is ready they will call you. But they do sometimes bring it to your table.

Today me and my wife got the 3 items option. They have this ready to serve foods that sit on the steam table, similar to those in Panda Express. I think the menu is the same everyday. 

We got :
1. Rice with curry chicken , sautéed spicy string bean with tofu and ""bakwan"" which is a deep fried mix veggies in a batter. Similar to those kakiage in Japanese cuisine.
2. Rice with sautéed chicken with butter soy sauce, sautéed ""tempeh"" ( fermented soy bean cake ) which is one of Indonesian specialty with jalapeño, also the ""bakwan"".

Recommended for lunch."
Definitely a hole in the wall but it has great food. We always get the meat and two sides. It's so cheap. Give it a try!
Still good food better than tempo doloe, great indonesian food sekection and the restaurant has a little mini market too, service is good but maybe the restaurant need little more update decorations
"This is your literal ""hole in the wall"" type of joint serving Indonesian goodness off of BuHi. 

As everyone mentioned, this establishment is both a restaurant and a mini-mart. Food is pretty good and the hot bar selection is bigger than that at a competing establishment,Tempo Doeloe which is now closed for business. In terms of food quality, it is essentially the same as Tempo Doeloe as well, with the caveat that it does not serve halal meat.

I like Batavia because as I mentioned above, they have a bigger hot bar selection including my favorite, Ayam Masak Merah. That's probably not what they call it but being Malaysian, that's what I'll call it. Also, their prices are lower than that at TD, and portions generally bigger. I do wish that they use better beef for their beef rendang (More lean meat without fats) because if you're familiar with rendang, the beef is usually very tender because it is cooked for hours and generally has no fat. 

Other than that, if you're looking for a no-frill comfort Indo food restaurant, this is your spot."
Food was so delicious, taste just like from home town, but my son & my stepson got sick afterwards.
"Our group decided to try out Batavia.  Indonesian food was new to most of our group and it was pretty good here.  You can order from the menu or pick 3 items + rice from the steam table.  

I opted for the latter.  The choices I went with were beef rendang, tofu & boiled egg in coconut milk & curry, and pan cooked dried sardines & peanuts.  There was way too much food, which is a good thing.  The food was mildly spicy but still enjoyable.  Dinner for 2 was less than $15 including drinks and tax. They also have a dry grocery section of chips and other items in the corner.  Overall I would say this is a great casual dining place and it's worth trying out."
"It's been over a year since I've been here, and the things that I like have stayed the same:
* food was very tasty
* workers / staff are very nice
* free parking (though it is shared with other restaurants & businesses).

I ordered the ""Pick 2 Meats and 1 Veggie"" option (see attached pic); the Chicken Curry was very nice! Though I thought the rice was too much, I read from the other Yelp Reviews that you can ask for less rice.

PS, I thought the attached-grocery-store was a nice touch."
"comeeeeee onnnnnn huryyyyyyyyyy uppppppppp
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
This is a Buford Highway hole-in-the-wall that won't disappoint. Upon first glance, it seems like a small, run-down family shop. it's a grocery store and food counter combined. The food at the food counter is so flavorful. They give you TONS of food for the price. For example, for $6.49 you get a choice of one meat (i.e., curry of your choice) and two veggie sides. The veggie sides usually have tofu in them. The amount of food you get for the price you pay is such a great deal! The taste is spectacular. It tastes traditional and homemade. Plus, it's always great to support local, family-owned business
Finally an Indonesian restaurant that tastes like home!!! Amazing home-made indo food served in cafeteria style. They have wide and excellent variety of dishes as well, ranging from typical home-cooked meals to fancier dishes like oxtail soul and tongue satay. So far I have had maybe 6 different dishes and they are all excellent. Will definitely stop by every time I visit Atlanta!
"No-frills Indonesian restaurant and store, similar to Tempo Doeloe, where you can get a plate from already-cooked food from the hot buffet table (by pointing), or order off their menu. Large portions (even for a hungry monster like me) for the hot table option (my lunch plate was overflowing, for $6.97).  After ordering from the counter, there are quite a few tables to sit at to eat (more than double the number at Tempo Doeloe), and never crowded, though there is a regular stream of people coming in to order lunch and takeout.  I like supporting locally owned businesses like this one.

I tried Batavia a couple times for lunch- the food seemed pretty fresh, even though I came at different times on different days. The curry entrees were pretty good but inconsistent- I loved the tofu curry the first time but the second time, it was just ok. The beef rendang was pretty tasty. The veggies on the buffet are really lacking...I tried three very different options (collards, chili green beans, mixed- mostly broccoli & cabbage), and they are all soggy and oily. I'm a crunchy veggie love so buffet veggies are probably not the best for me. I also ordered roti prata- loved the roti but the curry dipping sauce was tasteless and watery...disappointing. The food comes on foam plates and with plastic utensils, and you buss your own tables, placing the trays above the trash cans."
"You lose site of places like Batavia, when it's located almost directly behind the popular collection of places in the Asian square, like Mamak, Sweet Hut, Asian Super Market, and on and on and on.  That would be a mistake, because this tiny little Indonesian store has a a lot of flavor and decent deals.

Just like Tempo Doeloe, there's an option to get a combo of three items for about $6.  The food is displayed right in front of you, cafeteria style.  Also like Tempo Doeloe, I decided to order off menu first.  After having staff walk me through some of the descriptions and her recommendations, I got a to go order, which included:

Bihun Ayam -$7.46
Martaback Telor - $4.99

The Martabak telor is an appetizer which is ground chicken and egg in a crispy fried dough.  The dough is flat, wide, and the stuffing is near the edge of it.  It comes with four pieces.  The flavor of it is really good, and they managed to put the filling in while making the dough not be soggy.  I likes my crispy dough!

The Bihun Ayam is a fried rice noodle, which is super thin, and has a very slightly sweet flavor to them.  This dish comes with your choice of chicken, shrimp or a combo of both.  I got chicken, which was dark meat, and along with the chicken came veggies including green bell pepper, carrot, and green onion.  These noodles weren't very oily at all, not like your typical Mie goreng (fried soft noodles) and there was enough of them to have for lunch, or share.

Located off of shallowford Road in the Roland Center, there's several little shops here that share the lot, but parking wasn't a problem for me on a Thursday night.  Getting in and out of this lot isn't bad either, as there are multiple exits on shallowford, and most of the traffic will be one street over on Buford Highway.

I like Batavia, enjoyed their flavors, prices and i'll have to get myself back there soon.  If you've become fatigued by some of the Asian restaurants  in the large Asian square area, swing by Batavia and give them a shot!"
This used to be one of my favorite restaurants and then we stopped because the quality and flavor of the food just wasn't that great. Then we decided to try it again and it is back to one of my favorites. Their prices are very reasonable and the portions are huge. Especially the 3 items with rice prices depending upon whether you get meat, vegetables or a combination. Every Saturday they sell Indonesian snacks like lemper (sticky coconut rice with chicken filling), rissoles (crepes stuffed with a chicken ragout folded into a rectangle then breaded and fried), and pasteitjes (like empanadas but with an Indonesian filling). They also have sayur asam (tamarind vegetable soup) with rice and salty fish and sambal (also very yummy - sweet as I like it but some don't like it so sweet). There is always parking available. From the steam table, my favorites are the hot chicken, tempe goreng, sambal goreng buncis (spicy green beans), the eggplant - well, almost everything actually.
"Never had Indonesian food before today.
This won't be the last time after this one either.

Let me start off by saying that the people here are so nice! I had no idea what I was getting so they walked through with me, explained what everything was, and were just super friendly. 

The food? The food is crazy cheap. 2 meats and a veggie + rice is like $8 and everything was good. I ended up with the beef rendang, sweet and spicy chicken, and the kale over enough rice to supply 3 meals. I also added a shrimp fritter which may be one of my newest favorite dishes, I ate it in the parking lot and had to resist going back in for 2 more. 

It's also an Indonesian shop, full of random snacks and ingredients if you plan on cooking some yourself.

I'll be back here for sure, and you should be there too. 
The staff is nice, the food nicer - what else can you ask for?"
been here twice for the buffet lunch, and it always hits the spot!! their eggplant is ridiculously delicious--- it was perfectly fried and the sambal it was stir fried in was scrumptious. i also really love their tempeh!! i've had a lot of tempeh that has been just meh, but the texture and flavor here was unbeat. their beef tendon curry on the lunch line is so RIDICULOUSLY tender and flavorful, like meat jello but in the best way possible. i also tried their kidney dish last time and enjoyed it thoroughly!! it was the perfect balance of sweet + spicy and went super well with rice. also, the PRICES ARE INCREDIBLE!! u get so much food for around 8 bucks, enough to keep you full for the rest of the day. also make sure to ask for extra sambal on the side!!! the second time we got lunch here, the dishes tasted notably sweeter than i remembered but stil super yummy, but i think the additional sambal would really round it out.
"The authenticity of the food are mix , some quite good , some lack of focus to execute consistency.
However, the service was very good.

I don't really like having meals in the restaurant that combined with selling groceries especially when it becomes messy , cluttered and dirty.

It is 3 stars being generous from me , should be 1 or 2 stars because it is a dirty place. Because the food are pretty decent, I gave 3 stars.
If next time I come back they will get the place more organized, and cleaner, then hopefully the food execution also could be much better.

I did ordered quite extensively, gule kambing was very good, empek Palembang was not good at all, Udang & pete Belado was spicy and very good, grilled fish was good and tasty , some of the appetizers were ok and not so good.
The desserts were authentic and nicely made, I was surprised they were really good.

Hopefully, they keep getting better and more focus delivering the authentic Indonesian Cuisine for Atlanta!."
Delicious! We tried the rendang and chicken Sate. The employee was extremely helpful and friendly while helping us decide what we wanted to order. Will definitely be going back next time we are in ATL!
"High expectations... somewhat met..

Walking in it was hottttt.. and humid... ac is definitely broke. left side of the building is a shopping area .. some Asian goodies like ramen, sauces and some Indonesian sauces and soup flavor packets to cook at home. Grabbed one for fun and I will see how that goes. There were some baked goods I didn't really look at it tho. On the right side is the restaurant.. some tables not really social distance friendly at all. 

Food::::

Must try-
**Spicy fish ($15) loved the spicy sauce on the side. Jam packed with flavor and the grilled fish was a great size. Super flaky and delicious. Came with some steamed white rice, and a sweet and sour veggie soup. I didn't like the soup.. kinda reminds me of Thai soup. I think if it was spicy instead of sweet.. it would be better for me 
**Rangdang beef(on the ""buffet"") very flavorful, super tasty. I love this dish everywhere. Since it was on the buffet, we got to see them put it in our Togo box. 4 pieces! Just 4 small pieces. 

Pass-
**curry chicken - no flavor at all. They offered to put the sauce over the rice, it made it pretty and seem like it would be super good but no flavor. Also the portion was small as well. Chicken was tender and had bones, which I preferred But again, no flavor.


Overall, I probably might not come back.."
"After having tried Tempo Doeloe, I was excited to try out another Indonesian restuarant. Came here for lunch with a group of friends. They have a large space, good for accommodations for large groups. There was even a small grocery store on one side with Indonesian snacks and ingredients. Although, I found it be overpriced compared to the larger Asian markets in the area.

The lunch special consists of $5.99 for a choice of 2 meats + 1 veggie + rice or $6.99 for choice of 3 meats + 1 veggie + white rice. They had a good assortment of entrees, served cafeteria style. 

I opted for the chicken liver, eggplant and green beans in chilis. It was A LOT of food. Unfortunately, I didn't like any of it. The chicken liver was super dry despite it being in a really awesome sauce. The eggplant and green beans in chilis were both really bland and just spicy due to the chilis versus having any real flavor. DO NOT GET ANY OF THESE CHOICES. My friends all really enjoyed their entrees of curries and stews. The beef stew and yellow curried chicken I tried were both really good. I wouldn't hesitate to come back here to give them another chance. Can't blame them for my poor choices. 

The lady who served us was super nice! I also got a mango smoothie to go and it was very good."
Best Indonesian food I ever had, staff is always friendly and helpful, they also sell cool snacks and drinks that you won't see in the regular Asian supermarket.
"Went here with the bf and a friend for some authentic (and cheap) Indonesian food. Don't judge this place by its exterior and surroundings, it's the authentic-ness and good food that we're aiming for.

The restaurant is in conjunction with a mini grocery store so don't be confused when you enter. lol.  

You can either choose from a list of dishes or do it the Chinese style: Pick 1 or 2 entrees and/or sides. I chose the baki ayam while the bf picked whatever pleased his eyes from the ready-made food under the heat lamps. If they make it from scratch, it will take a tad longer, but it was well worth it. 

The side of soup with the beef balls were sweet and yummy. The 'wontons,' as they called it, were pretty delectable as well. I really adored the noodles. I have always been a noodle fan so this dish def satisfied my crave and love. But best of all, the prices were cheap."
"We came here to eat dinner. Saw that they serve halal (upon request and an additional $2 up charge). 
We got there at around 9:30 pm and there was only one waitress. Took a while before she could take our order. This place is definitely a hole in the wall type restaurant. She took our order and we waited about 20 minutes until the food arrived. While waiting, we browsed their grocery section. You'll find things such as ethnic noodles and sauces here. 
Once we got the food, oh my oh my. Serving sizes are huge and food was plentiful! They do not leave out any parts of meat in their soups. You will get everything. Our food tasted great! 
You may want to mention spice levels btw!"
"Batavia is a small Indonesian market/restaurant. Half of the place is the restaurant. The other half is the market. 

I came in for lunch. You can order from the menu, or you can get their hot bar. The hot bar has 4 options you can choose from (as of June 2019):

1. 4 vegetables and Rice for $6.49
2. 1 meat, 2 vegetables, and rice for $6.99
3. 2 meats, 1 vegetable, and rice for $7.49
4. 3 meats and rice for $8.49.

They have a lot of meats and vegetables you can choose from. They pile on the food too, especially the rice. They give you like 2 cups of rice or something. 

For vegetables, they had stuff like tempe, tamato and egg, eggplant, bitter melons, and others. 

For meat options, they had beef rendang, curry chicken, and a lot of offal choices like chicken livers, gizzards, beef tendon, etc. 

I tried their tempe with beef rendang and chicken gizzard. The beef randang had good flavor and tender meat. The chicken gizzard had a milder flavor. But it was your good, old, chicken gizzard that you know and love--with the crunchy texture and all.

Their tempe had a nice nutty, earthy flavor with the crunchy texture. I liked it. 

I also tried a bit of their soto betawi. It came with some shrimp crackers, a huge pile of rice, and their soup. The soup is a beef soup with a nice, lemongrass-y, sour, curry flavor to it. It's a familiar flavor if you've had soups from around that region. It was good. 

The people there were nice. I was new and they made sure to take care of me. They gave me free samples of whatever I wanted to try and explained the dishes to me. Luckily, I came early enough (around 11:30 AM) so they can do that. Around 12 PM, they got busy. 

I liked it. I loved how down to earth the place was. They didn't try to make it all fancy or elevate it. They serve the food in plastic or styrofoam plates and cups. It was good, old, comforting, Indonesian food."
Popped in for lunch and impressed enough that we want to come back some time for dinner. First impressions are good with the nice design of the space - and it only gets better from there. Service was prompt and friendly. We had a few small plates to start and then each got a salad - everything was nicely presented, super tasty and seemed to be very fresh ingredients. Looking forward to coming back to try more.
"Came here for date night, and oh dear it was amazing. We made a reservation so we didn't have to wait for a table. The interior was beautifully decorated. We ordered the red duck curry and the soft shell crab curry. Both were absolutely delightful. The red duck curry was so flavorful, it was probably one of the best curry broths I've ever had. I loved it so much that we asked for a container to take home the little bit of leftover broth to savor later. The soft shell crab, however, somehow beat out the amazing red curry broth to be the highlight of our meal. The crab was cooked to flavorful perfection, and it worked really well with the yellow curry broth in which it was cooked. I couldn't get enough.

I would absolutely love to visit again, just to get another taste of that crab!"
Came to try the singapore street food menu in November. Got laksa and char kway teow. Laksa was completely tasteless, not even coconut flavors. Was very very disappointed.  The instant laksa I get at the supermarket tastes better than this. The char kway teow was good though, I liked it a lot and there was crab in it also. Service was good.
Haven't had food this good since going to southern Thailand. I would highly recommend the snapper dumplings, the pork belly and the scallops! The lamb chop and fish curry for main courses are also amazing. This place is more upscale than its precedents and is a great place for a family celebration or a date. Definitely going to recommend this place to my friends for its authenticity service and quality cuisine.
Tried this place last night with my parents and I was very impressed.  The setting is nice, they seated us right on time (we made an open table reservation).  Our server (I think her name is Bil) was outstanding.  Pleasant, informative, helpful (even helped us to de-bone our whole fish).  The food was excellent and unique.  We ordered the scallop appetizer and that was our favorite bite of the night.  Just perfect.  The salads are great.  We loved the salad with Duck.  A fresh combination of flavors and textures.  The Beef Rendang was an rich curry stew with hints of cinnamon and coconut.  Delicious.  We also got the Ache chicken which was good, but not as unique.  The whole fish with 3 spices was delicious, but we did have to deal with a couple of small bones (but it was worth it).  Finally we tried the black sticky rice with mango sorbet, which was tasty, more like a rice pudding than the sticky rice I was imagining.  The banana cake with coconut ice cream was 5-star!  We will certainly be back.  The owner, chef and servers seem to care about the experience and it shows.
"YESSS. My husband made a reservation for a Friday night and was so excited for the  menu. Thankfully he wasn't disappointed and either was I. The service was excellent and the atmosphere was cozy. 

We ended up splitting a few dishes and the standouts for the night were:
-Chicken betel leaf. They were the perfect sized bite. 
-the pork belly. Perfect for sharing with a few people.
-Pork hock. Delicious, savory and a great portion size.
-Roti cani. Fluffy and melts in your mouth. 

Throughout the meal the staff came around and asked if we wanted more rice. It was a nice touch.

I can't wait to come back!"
Scallop and crispy pork belly appetizers were the best! The scallops were so incredibly flavorful (I'm normally not a fan of scallops), and the pork belly was the best and softest one I've ever had. Seriously. The entrees were good but not as good as the appetizers -- I think the next time I come here, I really would just eat a bunch of appetizers because they were so tasty and delicious. The beef chili entree was good but nothing special about it. The fried whole fish was great too, but I enjoyed the sauce more; the sauce was definitely necessary to make the (rather bland) fish more enjoyable. We had Thai caramel ice cream for dessert, and it was amazing! Light and sweet but also rich and creamy. Excellent balance all around. I also tried Vietnamese coffee, and it was marvelous, rich and sweet; it was slightly sweeter and richer compared to Thai coffee.
Fantastic restaurant! The menu is a bit overwhelming, but the waiter did a great job recommending a few options. Everything we ordered ended up being delicious and packed with a ton of flavor. The scallops, steam snapper dumplings, crispy whole fish and the red curry duck were our faves. Want to come back and try more dishes next time!
"This place is fantastic!  I'm not a fan of giving 5 star reviews, because I grade on a curve and live in Vegas, but Chalawan certainly deserves the full 5 sonim giving it to them.

At the recommendation of the owner? manager? I had the lamb shank curry.  The lamb fell off the bone and was tender enough to cut with a fork.  The scallop appetizer is also a treat, if you like seafood. Be sure to eat it in one bite if you can, to let the flavors mingle.  

The restaurant is clean, warm, and inviting. The food is delicious. And, the staff is very friendly. What more can you ask for in a restaurant? 

I'm only in Cambridge 2-4 times/year, but I'll be sure to head back here next time I'm in town."
"Very good food and liked everything we ordered
Recommend to share to get a bunch of different dishes. 

Yummy:
snapper dumping - not typical which makes it good 
Scallop in a spoon - good 
soft shell crabs - who doesn't like this?? 
Pork belly - thick cut and nicely fried
Randan beef cheek was great. Thick and savory sauce

Enjoyed eating the roti instead of rice 
Drinks were unique

Staff is friendly and welcoming. 

Tip: get a reservation. This place is hot and popular"
"We went to Chalawan about a month ago during their soft opening, and absolutely loved it! The ambience is incredibly nice; would be a good option for a celebratory dinner or date. Our server was very attentive and would constantly check in on us and ask whether we wanted more rice or water.

We tried the scallop starter and they recommended to eat it all in one bite -- one of the loveliest single bites of food I've had in awhile. The texture of the scallop, light ginger and scallion broth flavor, and crispy topping went together perfectly.

For the rest of the meal, we had the duck curry and fish curry. The fish curry was relatively light and had a nice lemongrass flavor, but the true hero was the duck curry. We especially liked the addition of lychee and how its sweetness paired with the spiciness and acidity of the curry sauce.

We finished with their sticky rice and mango ice cream dessert - delicious also! Overall with the soft opening discount, it was a relatively cheap meal considering the quality of the food (especially for Boston) But will definitely be back and willing to pay full price!"
A superb addition to the neighborhood.  The food (kudos to the fish dumplings and expertly fried calamari and soft shell crab) was delicious, spicy and inventive.  Not a big tofu fan, but the tofu green bean salad exceeded my expectations. The noise level was perfect, the staff gracious and accommodating.  I hope this place will stick around. I plan to make it my neighborhood joint and am glad I won't have to schlepp to Penang for this kind of food.
"Came here on NYE for dinner. I was a fan of Pho House so I was really excited to see the re-design and new menu. This place is really nice and cozy! Much more modern design and menu. loved it.

Seared Alaska scallop: sweeter than expected but I liked the flavor of this

Crispy pork belly: the sauce is really tasty and the pickled sauce on the side is a nice compliment. the pork pieces seemed a bit fatty though so while I recommend this, it was a bit heavy

Aunty Wang steam snapper dumpling: absolutely get this. fish in a dumpling...yes! I liked this alot.

Red curry of duck: delicious and just right. wish there would have been a bit more duck in the curry, but definitely recommend this dish

If you are looking for good thai food and a nice modern scene, check this place out!"
The service here is AMAZING. My water was never empty and the waiters are very friendly and kind. I highly recommend their Thai tea and the scallop appetizer! We also ordered their fish curry which was had a very nice kick of flavor! The roti was very soft and buttery. The manager (I think) came over and was very kind. Such an amazing place!!!
"I tried this place for dinner around a month ago and yep, the ""Yay! I'm a fan."" that defines the 4 stars sounds about right.  I would call this place an upscale Thai fusion restaurant.  I could tell that the ingredients were high quality and the flavors were reminiscent of what we ate in Thailand (though yes, Chalawan serves fusion food). 

We started with some seared scallops and a salad, then had a curry and a whole fish for the entree, and shared a pudding for dessert.  I think my favorite was the salad - a salmon skin and watermelon with the perfect drizzle of dressing.  It was unexpected but it worked!  The letdown was the scallops - maybe it's because I don't like cilantro, but even my fiance who likes the herb said that the topping/sauce overwhelmed the sweetness of the scallop - what a shame. 

I don't know what it's like on the weekdays, but make a reservation if you're planning to be here on a weekend!  The place isn't big and we still had to wait about 20 minutes even though we had a reservation (the restaurant gave us complimentary wine while we waited, so no big deal). 

I think Chalawan is doing fusion right - not trying to be ""authentic"" Thai and using good ingredients, but in combinations that wouldn't normally be found in the native country. 

instagram.com/letseatwithannie"
This is probably the most upscale Thai restaurant I've been to in Boston/Cambridge. Food quality and presentation were good. Attentive waitstaff. Gets busy on Friday nights and there isn't a bar or waiting area so definitely make reservations. Crispy chicken skin appetizer, Singapore chili beef, crispy whole fish, and red curry duck were all delightful.
We had the snapper dumplings, the calamari, and scallops for appetizers. For dinner we had the duck ready curry, the lamb stew, and the salmon and watermelon salad. The dumpling were our favorite appetizer, big pieces of fresh perfectly cooked snapper inside and it came with a tangy black vinegar sauce that I'm complimented it perfectly. I don't normally enjoy duck or lamb but they were cooked perfectly, super tender and melt in your mouth. Everything overall was excellent in flavor and creativity. Wait staff was very attentive, someone comes over and scoops as much white rice into your place as you want whenever you're running low. The owner came to our table twice to make sure we were enjoying our meal.
I was so impressed by this place!! We came with 6 people total for a birthday lunch recently, and every single one of us loved the food. 3 of us were vegetarians, so we ordered half the vegetarian menu, and it was phenomenal. The black pepper tofu was a standout, and the vegetable curry was reliably delicious. We ended up sampling a ton of desserts too - I feel Asian desserts may not be my thing, but the asian banana cake was addictive (even though I knew it was too sweet and heavy and I would regret it!). I definitely plan on being back.
"My minimum standard for restaurant food is that it must exceed what I, as a good home cook, can make. Chalawan was a revelation! Each unique dish, made by the Thai chef, had complex flavors and textures. The service is highly professional and doesn't miss a beat. The simple but sophisticated decor was complemented by jazz music. The bill for two, including one wine and a dessert, came to $117, a good price for a very sophisticated meal.

My husband and I arrived for a 5:00 PM Sunday reservation and were among the first people there. By 6:30 most of the tables were full. We were presented a regular menu, a wine menu, and when we requested it, a vegetarian menu. 

For appetizers, my husband enjoyed the seared Alaska scallop, and the Aunty Wang steam snapper dumpling presented 4 dumplings that were soft and juicy.  The Balinese Gado-Gado salad was al dente, green vegetables in peanut sauce. Before our main dishes, a waiter scooped our choice of white or brown rice onto our plates. When the crispy whole fish arrived, the head waiter used a knife and spoon to separate the tail, head, and bones of the red snapper, leaving flesh and fried coating in a luscious sauce. The stir fry Szechuan eggplant was in a rich sauce. 

Dessert was over the top: a warm, moist, rich, slightly spicy banana cake topped with star anise and whole cinnamon, and a side of vanilla ice cream. The coffee was unlike any I've ever had. Each cup had an individual drip, and we waited until the water passed through. At the bottom of the coffee cups was a surprise, a thin layer of caramelized cream. Stirred into the coffee, it was sweet and rich.

Make reservations well ahead of time!"
What an excellent meal. We had the scallops appetizer (one each) and then shared the whole fried fish and beef cheek rendang.  The scallops were really good, with complex flavors similar to Vietnamese nuoc mam.  The fish was amazing - crispy, salty, subtly spicy, slightly sweet and a little sour with the pineapple. And the manager came over and cut the fish table side for us, separating the flesh from the bones. The beef rendang was super soft - you could cut it with a spoon. The sauce for the rendang was creamy and mole-like with nice cinnamon aroma. We'll be back, because we now have to try every single thing on their menu.
"Mind blowing food! 

From the betel leaves chicken to the soft shell crab, every dish ordered was amazing!"
Meh. I heard great things but was underwhelmed. The food was not particularly interesting or spicy. I ordered two entrees just in case the first had been a mistake. Both were rather bland for an authentic southeast Asian restaurant.
Prepubescent Buddhist princesses do not lie, there's an abundance of fucking delicious food here. Crispy chicken skin, scallop spoon sweets, and the duck red curry that will make you cry are all waiting for you under the banyan tree. Five stars.
"After hearing so many great things about Chalawan, I finally decided to give it a try. The apps were ok, the entrees were amazing, and dessert was terrible.

Standout appetizers was the pork belly and chicken skins. Both were just super tasty and seasoned well. The dumplings was bland and the scallops was too gingery.

All the entrees were a knockout with the braised ribs being the clear standout. But the other entrees along with their respective Curry's were also good. What each entree had in common was just how flavorful and distinct they were. Each dish was cooked well and the ribs especially fell off the bone.

Finally, dessert was just bad and boring across the bad. The caramel pudding had barely any flavor and there was whole chunks of star anise tossed inside for my purpose. The texture was also very off. Crème brûlée was basic as hell and the black rice was just meh. You're betting off getting their ice creams than the actual desserts."
A good friend introduced me to this amazing restaurant and while I've now (so far) only been there once I can nothing but give 5 stars: excellent food, great service, owner personally greeting and thanking you, authentic.
We were excited to try this place. We came for lunch. I appreciate that there's a kids menu since most Asian places don't offer one. We ordered the chicken fried rice from the kids menu. To our disappointment, it came out with a lot of black pepper, making it quite spicy for my daughter who's 4. We got the pork belly which was okay and the fish dumplings which were very fishy. The entree highlight was the duck curry. The whole red snapper was over fried egg also very fishy. I order seafood and especially fish wherever I go so I was disappointed how fishy both seafood dishes were. It is expensive for what it was. We would go back for the duck curry.
Such a luxury to finally have a restaurant doing upscale Southeast Asian food well. I'm usually skeptical of anywhere that focuses on more than one region but whether it's an Indonesian Beef Check Rendang, a Thai Duck Curry, or a Thailand-meets-New England scallop and Chili amuse, all the flavors are spot on.  Look forward to continue exploring the menu on future visits.
"Came here on a Saturday night with one other person. Didn't have a reservation, so I put my name down on a wait list and was seated about 30 minutes later. There's really no place to wait, so we went to a bar and then came back. I am sure glad we did. 

Restaurant smells delicious when you enter. We had the scallop appetizer (extremely flavorful- I am not normally a big fan of scallops, but this was done right, not too chewy). I had the whole fried fish and my friend had the chicken curry. Fish was a large piece of snapper, and server helped take it off the bone. 

Everything was delicious, service was excellent. I can't wait to bring my family here; they will love it."
Nicely renovated restaurant with mix Asian cuisine.  The small bites of scallops and the salad with duck were amazing!
"Chalawan is a new addition to the porter square foodie scene. I'd consider it a fusion of Thai origins and other South East Asian cuisines. The food, service, and decor are all on point!

Food:
Appetizers
The seared alaskan scallops was an explosion of flavors in my mouth. I highly recommend it! The scallop was huge too and well worth the $4.

The crispy pork belly was also phenomenal. Each chunk of pork had a good amount of meat on it and just the right amount of fat, surrounded by a delightful crunch. Make sure to use the accompanying sauce. 

Main Dishes
The crispy whole fish was good if you're used to eating a full fish, but kind of troublesome to eat because of all the bones you have to pick out.

I've tried the red duck curry twice already and it's been my favorite. The duck is tender and the curry has a nice kick to it with subtle amounts of sweetness from the lychee. 

The charge for rice is per person and they'll come around with a large bowl of rice to refill you. You are basically paying for bottomless rice.

All in all, I'd definitely come here again and it's a good spot to bring a date because of the ambience!"
We were excited to try Chalawan given all of the great reviews and feature on Eater. Maybe that was part of the problem; the hype didn't live up to the reality. We tried the whole fish with three sauces and Yunnan chicken. Both were good yet nothing we haven't been able to find better elsewhere. The fact that there are so many different countries represented in the menu was also confusing in terms of ordering. I personally would prefer a restaurant that specializes in one country/region and does that really well. The staff care a lot and the service was good. Others may like the restaurant yet I wouldn't go out of my way to return.
"Delicious!
Great space,  every dish we got was amazing.  The curry,  the scallops... I'd recommend making a reservation on the weekend."
"Reservation was full, I did walk in and wait around 40 minutes. 

Food was delicious but the portion of the main dish does not worth the price. The seared Alaska scallop was yummy and strong taste of scallion in the end with ginger. Raw oyster which I am not a fan of raw oyster but the sauce cover up the slimy raw oyster which make me enjoyed to eat it. Crispy pork belly which the sauce taste like the Chinese sweet and sour sauce but much thicker since it added the tamaraillo sauce, the pork belly is soft and tender. Red curry duck which was alittle spicy which I enjoyed. Stir fry soft crab definitely does not worth the price since it only give you two crab. Finally for dessert, Thai tea custard with vanilla almond ice cream and creme brulee with vanilla almond ice cream which was not sweet especially the ice cream but the carmelized sugar on the creme brulee was thick, the thai tea custard is similar to flan but tea flavor.

Take out, I ordered the crispy pork hock which was tender and juicy. The taste itself was bland, it is better to dip with sauce.

Service which was kind of slow but the food come out fast."
This is a really nice restaurant. The decor is lovely and the wall mural is beautiful. The servers and the host are very attentive and super nice. We had calamari and pork belly for starters. Loved the calamari. For the main course we had the lamb shank and the whole fish. The whole fish has a nice kick to eat and it was delicious.  The host actually deboned the fish for us which was really nice. The lamb shank was also really good. For dessert we had the banana cake with caramelized ice cream and thai tea flan. Delicious!!!  We will definitely come back here again for dinner.
Excellent food! Great new addition to the Boston international food scene. We got the red curry duck, Singapore chili tofu, roti canai, and tofu beetle leaf. Everything was on point! The flavor was distinguishing for each dish and the red curry was especially delightful. I've had thai food often, but the red curry here was next level. We ended with the thai tea custard and salted caramel ice cream- unique and delicious! The ambience is pleasant with a beautiful mural in the backdrop. The servers are polite and attentive and especially the manager was very accommodating in seating us without reservations. Go check it out- worth a trip to Cambridge.
AMAZING. If you want authentic Asian cuisine and and amazing atmosphere... come here! The food is delectable and the fresh juice is a unique find. I would come here any day of the week. Love this place!
So unique and delicious! Exactly what Boston needs! The owners, chef, and the servers are so friendly! They truly care about the experience customers are having and the wall art is absolutely lovely! The chef has 20+ years of experience and an expert at combining flavors. Highly recommend!
"My boyfriend and I been wanting to try this place out for a while, but we were unable to reserve a table last minute. This time we decided to reserve a table a week ahead of time. The restaurant is located on the main street, around 5 minutes away from Porter Square station. We arrived an hour earlier than the time we selected in the reservation, but they were able to find us a table and seat us immediately. The interior of the restaurant was beautiful and I really loved the wall mural. The atmosphere felt very intimate from the dim lighting. The waiter & waitresses was very welcoming and friendly. They explained that the style of the food in the restaurant is meant for sharing with each other. 

We decided to get 3 appetizer and 2 main entrees. For appetizers, we got the Chicken Betel Leaf, Crispy Pork Belly and the Seared Alaska Scallop. Out of all of the appetizers, the Seared Alaska Scallop and the Chicken Betel Leaf was definitely my favorite. The Chicken Betel Leaf was packed a punch of flavors. Meanwhile the Seared Alaska Scallop was cooked to perfection and it was glistening and flavorful. For main entrees, we got the Singapore Chili Beef and the Red Curry of Duck. The beef was very tender and can be easily split apart with just the fork. The curry was packed with flavors and the sauce had a creamy coconut taste, which I loved. We also got a Cucumber Squash and Chalawan Lemon Iced Tea for drinks. We ended the night with a Thai Tea Caramel Custard w/ Salted Caramel Ice Cream. The custard was especially creamy and the ice cream was pleasant on the palate because it wasn't overly sweet, considering that it's caramel ice cream as well. 

Overall, I loved the experience, food and the service there and definitely would come back again (especially to try the other dishes and more chicken betel leaf and scallops). Highly recommend to check this place out."
"I just went for the first time tonight for a friend's birthday and Chalawan was a total delight. All 6 of us enjoyed the food - from appetizers (we loved the calamari - so light and moist, not at all greasy) and salads (yummy prawn salad) to the main entrées (vegetarian eggplant and tofu dishes, the duck curry, black pepper chicken, and more!). We all agreed that the brown rice, while simple, had something about it that was so delicious. The whole staff also surprised us with a complimentary dessert sampling platter for the table to share! How sweet. 

Prices were very fair for the quality and volume of food - about $30 per person, eating family-style with plenty of food and a bottle of red. 

I rarely write Yelp reviews - Chalawan is really worth it. Everyone who came tonight wants to go back."
"Decided on Chalawan for lunch today since the line for an unnamed noodle shop in Lesley University mall was far too long. In the end I'm glad we decided to come here! There was no wait around 1pm. The restaurant is full of natural light and the decorations are cute. 

We ordered the scallop spoon and dumplings as appetizers, the red duck curry as our entree, and roti cani and brocolinni with oyster sauce for sides. Overall everything has wonderful flavors. Our favorite was the red duck curry, it was spicy but perfect. We dipped the roti cani in the curry to soak up all the goodness. We didn't order dessert but I would love to try the sticky rice dessert. 

We will definitely be back to try more of the menu or even just to have a taste of the red curry duck again. The menu items are a little pricer than your average Thai restaurant but the service was great and food was delicious."
"My husband came across this restaurant while we were searching for a Saturday night place to eat....he suggested we should try this place because they have such great reviews on Yelp and other apps...I agreed, he booked us a table and I started to search and read more about this place before we headed there.

Amazing!!!....is the one word that came to my mind once we visited this restaurant!! 

The ambiance is amazing.....very clean, great lighting, good decor and nice music.

The food (literally every dish we ordered) is amazing....the taste of every dish is perfect. They have a good variety of south east asian food. The presentation and taste of the food reflect the attention to details. 
......We think the must order dishes are: Chicken betel leaf with smoked nahm prig jeaw shallot lemongrass lime leaf chili and fried shallot (appetizer), Thai crispy chicken skin with Esarn spice mix cilantro and eggplant relish (appetizer), Red curry of duck with lychee apple eggplant okra limeleaf cherry tomato and Thai basil (main dish) and Thai tea caramel custard with salted caramel ice cream (dessert)

The server is amazing...from the host to the servers, they are very friendly and nice. They took great care of every table, including ours

To sum up....we highly recommend everyone to visit this place. You will have an amazing experience!!.....we also recommend you to book a table ahead of time because this place is very busy! 

Note: Parking wise, we got lucky so we parked on the street in front of the restaurant :)"
"Honestly I was very excited to try this place and came with 5 other friends. Left with slight disappointment as I found most of the dishes to be mediocre and pricy.
We ordered 8 dishes and I would say only 2 dish really stood out.

The great: 

Seared Alaskan scallop: probably my favourite dish, very great mix of flavour and the scallop was very tender and big.

The duck curry: good flavour, has a great sweet twist. The duck was well cooked and adds an interesting kick to the curry.

*the only downside is that none of the curry came with rice so you would have to pay extra for either rice or roti. 

The ok:

Pork belly ( appetizer): thought it was not bad but nothing mind blowing.

Eggplant: ok flavour, but why does it cost $15? For an extremely small portion of JUST eggplants ( look at the picture and you'll see it being the same size as the Roti)

Chill beef: stir fry beef cubes with a very limited amount of veggies. Beef was well cooked but personally it didn't stand out either.

The not so great:

Lamb shank curry: I love lamb and am usually very tolerate of the lamb flavour. However, the lamb flavour in this curry was way too strong and overpowers the curry flavour. The dish itself is also quite small. Honestly this dish was so disappointing that I forgot to take a picture.

Soft shell crab: A waste of money - The crab was very soggy with 0 flavour. The curry itself was just watery. 

The ribs: was just regular braised ribs with extremely watery sauce. Very mediocre and is comparable to the ones from Chinatown- again, not worth the price.


I will give them credits for their drinks: their drinks are well made, unique, and definitely worth trying.

I would 100% recommend the scallop and the duck curry for anyone interested in trying this restaurant."
Honestly, my boyfriend and I are in awe of the food we had yesterday! We started off with the fish dumplings, scallops and the pork belly. Every single appetizers had a mixture of flavors and were distinct from each other. For our mains, we had the lamb shank and the red curry. The red curry was sweet and spicy quite different from the lam shank. For dessert we had the Vietnamese coffee paired with the Thai custard. My boyfriend is not a fan of coffee but he just loved the mild sweetness of it. Overall would return back to this place due to its service, ambience and food! Hands down one of the best restaurants I've been to in Boston
"When you ask the waitress how spicy a dish is and she says ""well to me it's not that spicy"", that's a good sign in a Southeast Asian place. Chalawan is perhaps the only Southeast Asian place in the Boston/Cambridge area that has an upscale, date-night feel with a variety of strong, beautiful flavors that does not shy away from the origins of their dishes. 

I would recommend making a reservation as the space is not huge. I ended up giving them a call to get my reservation because the online platform said they were fully booked. Overall, the service was very friendly and attentive, in a more dimly lit atmosphere for dinner, hence a nice-occasion feel. The rice is ordered ""per person"" and a waiter comes around with rice in the same fashion as one might expect with water, to fill up when they see you're running low. 

We ordered the scallops, chili beef, and red curry of duck. I like that the flavors were unique but did not feel hapharzardly combined. If you are wary of spice level, I would let the waiter know, as I get the feeling there is pride in spiciness here. There were many other options with intriguing combos that I want to try, so I'll definitely be back."
Great food, very friendly staff, secret veggie friendly menu. We had the Szechuan eggplant and soft shell crab curry and both were amazing. Lots of different flavors and textures and the flavors had real depth. Will definitely be coming back in the future!
"You want to eat here!!!! We went here with a group of friends during their soft open and were blown away. We started with scallops and dumplings, then we ordered the red duck curry, pepper chicken, chili beef and lamb shank. Everything we had was excellent - you definitely need to order the scallops! 

There was a great diversity of flavors across each dish and everything had a great depth of spice/flavor. The service and ambiance were also both wonderful. I'd say this is one of my new favorite restaurants in Boston."
"Three of us dined at Chalawan Thai Restaurant this past Saturday evening. Their Thai cuisine is most unique, unlike most Thai restaurants in the area. Our food was delicious! Stand-outs for our appetizers were the fish dumpling and a scrumptious duck salad with watercress. Our entrees included a whole fried snapper with three different sauces (which were hard to distinguish when eating), a cubed beef entree with a delicious dark sauce, and a red curry duck dish, which was wonderful if you don't mind a bit of spiciness!  

The new owner created a lovely & welcoming ambience when they did recent renovation. The staff was most attentive, courteous, and patiently explained the menu to us (& to all the diners). Looking forward to returning soon with our out-of-town guests from France to try more of their culinary delights!  Much success to Chalawan on this neighborhood gem from us visitors who traveled to you from the 'burbs!"
This was first visit to Chalwan. We were drawn to the restaurant because the Web site indicated that they featured dishes representing many regions of Thailand.  However, the restaurant menu, does not categorize the food in this way and the entree descriptions were rather sparse. We started with Aunty Wang's Steamed Snapper Dumpling.  It was served luke-warm, and the dumpling skin was flaccid, an obvious indicated that it was prepared ahead of time and reheated.  We ordered the Prawns in Tamarind sauce. The prawns we not shelled and we were not given a knife to shell them with; we resorted to using our hands which quickly became a messy goo.  The prawns themselves were overcooked and stringy. Not a recommended dish.  We fared better with the Duck in Red Curry. The boneless duck pieces were nicely cooked and tender, not overdone. The curry was a bit spicy and included baby eggplant, lychee, apples, and string beans. This was imaginatively prepared and one of the better curries I've had outside of Thailand.  We also ordered a side stir-fried Asian vegetables. While this was mostly very good, it was tainted by a cloud-ear mushroom that had been re-hydrated and improperly stored, resulting in an extremely sour, unpleasant taste.  All in all, I would say this restaurant is a work in progress. The Duck Red Curry shows it has promise and some of the other entrees beg to be tried.  I believe that this unique restaurant has great potential and and the manager and servers, who were very hospitable to us, only need pay more attention to the ingredients and the preparation.  We are looking forward to visiting again and reporting back in these spaces!
"This is a wonderful Southeast Asian Fusion restaurant. It has dishes from mainly Thailand, but also some from India, Singapore, Malaysia, and Southeast China. Spent ~$35 with tip and tax per person. 

We tried fish dumplings (Chinese), crispy whole fish 3 flavors sauce (Thai), and red curry with duck (Thai), and all were very authentic and delicious. The Thai jasmine rice was also cooked to perfect. It was $2 per person, and a waiter would walk around with a large bowl of rice for you to add when you need more.

They also had a nice selection of non-alcohol drinks. I ordered coco coco, which was coconut milk + coconut candy + ice cream, a very pleasant combination.

They were fully booked on Saturday night, so reservation is suggested."
"I had the pleasure of dining at Chalawan about a week or so ago. We were greeted at the front by someone I assumed to be the manager. We had a 7:30 reservation for two, arrived at 7:40, and since our table wouldn't be ready for a few more minutes, we immediately got a glass of wine each on the house. 

We sat down and were greeted by Cap, our super friendly and helpful server. He helped us navigate the menu with recommendations and details. Plus he was funny and attentive. 

We ordered a scallop each (actually probably the best scallops I have ever had) because you can get them for $4 a piece (honestly, seems like a great deal to me!). Cap recommended we eat it all in one bite. It was a great recommendation I just wished we'd had the opportunity to savor it for longer. Truly, it's amazing. 

We also ate the fried calamari as well as the gado gado salad as starters and then split the Szechuan eggplant stir fry. My only complaint was that there were too many pieces of actual Szechuan peppercorns and they are a bit intense. That said, it was easy to leave them on the side. Otherwise, the eggplant was honestly the best... soft and almost buttery. Delicious! 

We almost ordered dessert but decided to end on another scallop each... don't regret it for a second. 

Will definitely be returning! Thank you Chalawan and Cap :)"
Everything we had was delicious! We enjoyed the scallops, crispy pork belly, chicken betel leaf, and snapper dumplings for apps which were all very tasty. But I could write an ode to the crispy whole fish main. Get it with a side of roti canai and it's  literally the best bite I had all year. If you enjoy southeast Asian cuisine, you should eat here. Also service was impeccable.
Great food and service! The red duck curry was amazing. Our group had a bunch of different dishes to share, everything was great.
We had a really fantastic dinner at this new upscale Thai/Asian fusian restaurant near Porter Square. It's a little on the pricier side for what you normally see at Thai restaurants (I'd say ~$40 per person at the end of the meal), but the food, service and ambiance were absolutely worth it. The restaurant is in an elegant and cozy space, and the service was quite warm and attentive. Pretty much everything that we had here was really delicious, pairing really bright and exciting flavor combinations with very nicely cooked meat and fish. They seem to expect you to share, which I would definitely recommend so that you can try a variety of dishes. In particular, we thought that the scallop appetizer was out of this world (cannot recommend highly enough), and also really enjoyed the duck curry, the beef tenderloin and the crispy fish. We will definitely be back to try more things!
"Fish dumplings are like arancini: you keep thinking they're going to be great but they keep coming up boring. It's depressing. You get sad about it. You keep trying anyway because you're an idiot but also because come on, why can't these be good? 

Here are the fish dumplings of your dreams, up in this new Porter Square joint serving very on-trend upscale Thai. We also had a duck curry with lychee and okra - okra! - that was outrageous. The gado-gado salad is delicious but difficult to look sexy while eating. Looks like they've only got a beer & wine license. No arancini as yet."
"Chalawan is truly an asian fusion location that merges so many different cuisines: Thai, Indonesian, Singaporean together and it was pretty good when we dined here the past week. It's basically elevated, fancier versions of the food that you would find in South East Asia. We started off with the scallop appetizer as it was recommended to us, (basically scallop in a ginger scallion shallot and caramelize crispy duck sauce) that you're supposed to eat like a shot and comes on a spoon. I ordered from their street food of Southeast Asia menu (which is separate from their normal menu) and ordered their nasi lemak. My friend ordered the Singapore chili beef from their standard menu. 

I honestly wish their street food menu was a more constant thing on their menu because the nasi lemak blew the Singapore beef out of the water. It actually tasted so authentic, like the actual stuff I had at the hawker stalls in Kuala Lumpur and so sad this menu is limited because I would be a regular if they had this on their menu as a normal item. One complaint about this dish though is that dish came with an ENORMOUS head of leafy greens and both me and by friend got it stuck in our throats and can honestly be a choking hazard...

I wasn't a huge fan of what they had to offer on their normal menu as it felt a bit too fancy/elevated for me, especially for southeast asian food. A lot of it was curry based or stir-fries with really heavy meats, but I think (especially as someone who has lived in S.E. Asia for a bit) they were missing the staple noodle dishes, which I feel like they could have easily added on here. 

I wouldn't call a lot of the food they serve here ""authentic"" - the flavors are there but by no means is it going to be the same flavor palette or recipes that you get in south east Asia. Like I said, this is a fancier version of SE asian food, which can be a bit weird (in my opinion) because a lot of these foods abroad are dirt cheap and still delicious - the food is supposed to be simple with strong kicks of spice, but I felt at times the food here was trying a bit too to be fancy that it took away from the actual basis of what the restaurant stands for - the simple flavors of SE Asia. (but anyways... rant over). Good place if you want a more complex flavor palette, would not recommend for someone who isn't familiar with the fishy flavors that come with asian food :) but good for someone who is seasoned in asian cuisine. 

This restaurant got SUPER busy after 6pm, there was a massive line of people waiting to dine and since it's covid, there's only outdoor patio dining available. They do a good job at spacing the tables, there are heaters outside in case you get cold, and all utensils come in plastic baggies for you. A solid spot in Cambridge and one of the better restaurants in the area across the river. PLEASE keep the street food menu permanently - it's sooooo good and so many good options, compared to the regular menu!"
Wonderful new Thai/Asian spot near Porter Square. Everything I had was wonderful. I dropped in on a whim alone. Can't wait to bring friends and family. The scallop appetizer is exceptional. Maybe in my top ten dishes anywhere ever in Boston. Staff is so friendly. Try this place before the raves start appearing online.
"New place where pho house used to be!! Now at first, i was very sad that my favorite pho place in the boston area closed. But my boyfriend and i decided to give the newcomer a try. They opened only 4 days ago and are in the middle of a soft opening. It's nice to see a southeast asian place that is more upscale, quite a change from all of the usual fast takeout places. Verdict: definitely a must-have!!

The space: newly renovated, no more icky carpet, new lighting and walls, new tables, new layout. Relaxing vibe. 

Service: excellent! Everyone there was very friendly, attentive, and passionate about the food. We were told that the chef cooked in Bali for 15 years and wanted to bring the food here. We started with orders for wine which we appreciated recommendations for. They also made several recommendations for what food to pair with the wine. We went with all of their recommendations and then some because we wanted to try as much as possible and of course support a new business. 

Food: 1) started with the scallops (their recommendation and apparently the most popular appetizer so far). We were told to eat it in one bite, a feat since the scallops were a very generous size! They were AMAZING. Tender, and the toppings on them were perfect flavor pairings 2) Next we had the calamari and the pork belly, which was recommended to us to go with the wine. The calamari was good, substantial with a light crispy coating. The pork belly was awesome, and VERY indulgent. I don't even like pork but wow, would absolutely order this again. Melt in your mouth soft, crispy crackly skin, and glazed perfectly. 3) for the main we ordered the beef cheek and a side of stir fried assorted greens. The rice they serve to you directly so you can control how much you get. The beef cheek was so tender and a very large serving size. Since we had so much food already we shared it but it would be more than enough for a single hungry diner. It came smothered in a rich sauce that went well with the rice. The stir fried veggies (baby corn, mushrooms, bean sprouts, bok choy, tofu, etc) were so good that my meat loving boyfriend said if every veggie dish was cooked like that he could become vegetarian! High praise!! 4) for dessert we ended with the sticky rice, which came with mango ice cream, and the custard, which came with coconut ice cream. A wonderful end to dinner. My favorite was the custard, which was silky smooth and the perfect texture. 

So while we were disappointed that pho house is no longer here, we are so glad that such a wonderful new place took its place. Friendly and knowledgeable service and clearly everyone from the busboy to chef takes pride in the place! Wishing chalawan eatery good luck and much success in their soft opening and we will be telling our friends about this place."
"tl;dr - Tasty upscale for vegetarian date night

I came here on a Sunday night with my girlfriend during their soft opening. The place was fairly full for the time, and the demographics were a mix of young couples and families.

The decor was very nice. I loved the wall mural; my girlfriend preferred the photograph vignettes from Thai life. Tables and settings were upscale, and I particularly enjoyed the metal bowls for drinking water.

There is an entirely separate vegetarian menu, not just a section! (You might have to ask for it when you sit down)

We ordered the Malay curry and the spiced tofu, with sides of broccolini and rice. My favorite was definitely the tofu: the various elements - especially the crispy tofu and the snow peas - yielded a wonderful array of textures (I'm really big on texture).

We will miss the pho place, but, after dining here, not too much!"
Chalawan is one of the best restaurants in the greater Boston area. Their food is consistently excellent and the quality is incredible. I highly recommend the Singapore beef and the duck curry. They are both delicious!
"I LOVED this place. Food was soooo good, and the ambiance is great. Will def come back. 

Ambiance great for - date night. 
Also great for a small group of friends, family (not babies, and no kids menu.)

My friend and I tried this about 2 months after opening and it's a gem. We made a reservation, which was necessary because they're already quite busy. Yelp hasn't listed a price range yet but I would say it's well-priced and what you expect to spend on a dinner out in Boston. About $$-$$$. 

We got the soft shell crab app to start ($14). SO GOOD. I would order this again. 

My friend got the braised short rib ($18). Good, but mine was better. I got the Duck in red curry ($22) and it hit the spot. Has a bit of a kick to it, but not too spicy. Duck was cooked perfectly, and I loved the veggies - I wouldn't think to put okra in curry but it was delicious. Loved all the spices in the curry. I ate plenty of rice cuz the curry was so good. 

Should mention rice was an additional $2 per person. The waiters serve it into a plate, and they'll ask if you want more when you're about done. 

We didn't do drinks or dessert, but if I recall correctly:
Wine list
Non-alcoholic drinks ($6)
Dessert ($8) 

Can't wait to go back!"
"Chalawan is an Asian fusion (many different cultures represented on the menu) restaurant in Cambridge. It was easy to get a reservation for a larger group which I appreciated, although the place was definitely packed.

I tried the red duck curry, the soft shell crab appetizer, roti, a lamb curry dish, and everything was incredible. I will say that the portions are not exactly family style, so make sure to order a dish per person because we only ordered a few entrees to share (thinking they were bigger given the larger price) and thought we definitely could've gone entree per person even with appetizers- but hey we were hungry. The roti is a must order, its a flatbread eaten with curry as a side and is warm, chewy, and I would come back just for it. Now I'm wishing I also tried the dessert- have heard it's great!

Service was so-so, but the food was so good that I'd bump it to 5 stars anyway. Improve on the service and I'll be glad to return!"
The laksa and scallops were so good. I sat outside underneath the heating lamps, it was actually really toasty, I can imagine this might be doable for the rest of the month.
"Here during covid! Service is great and covid safety seems solid

I'd definitely recommend the Scallop. The pork belly was a bit much, especially as an app, so probably get this if you're hungry or have more than two people.

Chicken Rice was extremely comforting-the best I've had in Boston"
Good ambience and service. Soft shell crab curry was tasty but the crab was not crispy at all and felt like it wasn't prepared on order. Black pepper chicken was tasty. Calamari appetizer was a bit bland but fresh. Overall, not bad but one would expect a bit higher quality for the price.
"We had a reservation at 6:30 and got seated immediately. The restaurant felt intimate and had dim lighting. 

For a party of four, we got 2 appetizers- scallops and snapper dumplings, which were both super flavorful. The snapper dumplings were very gingery. 

We then ordered three dishes to share- whole fish, red curry duck, and Singapore beef. The beef was my favorite dish as it was perfectly smoked and was still tender on the inside."
Great Thai/Indonesian food. We went there on a quiet weeknight so there were only two tables indoor. We ordered curry duck, scallop and pork belly as starter, some greens, some baby back ribs, and a dessert. They were all delicious. Be aware though: duck curry was spicy! Service was good too. Definitely a higher end restaurant for Thai food (not like the neighborhood Thai takeout place). Ideal for date night.
"Five star to the environment (lighting/furniture) but two stars to the food (even less considering the price)! 
Came here a week after it opened. Ordered my fav fried fish and a curry entree. They serve brown/white rice unlimited but I couldn't finish one serving cuz the dishes were very disappointing. The fish was really dry (had better ones in S&I at Allston)and crab was not crispy at all, making it taste like crab meat wrapped in paper. The thing I liked was the coconut drink (coconut milk+coconut ice cream) and the upscale environment. Hopefully will try some good dishes next time..."
Excellent service and solid Southeast Asian flavors! Everything had just the right kick of spice and nothing was bland. The Singapore chili beef in particular was soooo tender and had this nice char to it! And that Roti Canai was buttery goodness! Will definitely come back to dine in or order delivery!
I was at Chalawan's Grand Opening and I must say that everything was AMAZING! The chef has cooked for over 20 years, and it really shows in his food. Some of the flavors I had that night are flavors I've never had before, and I am absolutely impressed! My tastebuds were definitely happy that night :) Can't wait to go back!
"This was a wonderful meal. I really loved all the flavors, the presentation of the food and the set up of the restaurant were gorgeous, and the service was attentive as well.

We started with the chicken betel leaf. It packs a flavorful punch, with a mix of herbs. It's really unique, and I highly recommend it.

If you're getting a curry, I highly recommend getting the roti canai with it. The roti is wonderfully fluffy, and almost feels like it's made to be dipped.

I got the red duck curry, along with jasmine rice. There's a lot of duck and a lot of curry. It's well worth the price. If there's extra curry, you can ask a server to pack it up and save it for another time.

I recommend this restaurant without hesitation. It could be a really nice place for a date."
"We had a family dinner here (party of 8) to celebrate my husband's birthday. I was super excited about trying this upscale Southeast Asian restaurant since there's just not many around Mass. We walked into an intimate atmosphere and were greeted warmly for our Sunday reservation.

Since we were a large group, we were able to share and try most of the starters, mains, and desserts. We did not get to try the popular betel leaf chicken app because it had already been sold out :( Didn't see a cocktail menu either, so we ordered a bottle of red wine to share. 

MUST-ORDER: scallop app, pork belly app, roti canai side, red curry duck entree, and eggplant. Also enjoyed the thai tea custard/ice cream dessert, and the banana cake dessert.

The dishes were all well-executed in flavor and texture. Portion was on the smaller side. The other items that we tried (not mentioned) were decent; would probably skip the soft-shell crab entree (too soggy) and ribs (too dry) next time.

Service was relatively attentive with water and rice refills, clearing away plates, and taking a billion group photos at my in-laws' requests. Food pacing was timely too. The staff was kind to give us complimentary desserts on the house, and even serenaded the birthday boy too! Overall, Chalawan is a wonderful addition to the food scene. Expect to spend around $50-60pp after drink, tax, and gratuity."
"Great Asian fusion, with the emphasis on Thai and Indonesian cuisines! 

Many dishes stood out for us! Actually, everything we ordered were amazing. My man loves scallops and the scallops here blew our minds. We are pleased with all the dishes we ordered!

Amicable and welcoming service!"
"The menu is spectacular, service is great, love this restaurant.
The salmon skin and watermelon salad, the calamari, the ribs, the softshell crab, the whole fish, the snapper dumplings.  Just go, it's wonderful :)"
"Chalawan is new, but they are serving some amazing southeast asian food here - definitely come check it out!!

Food:
-Seared Scallop: probably the best thing I have eaten in years; it's a one bite scallop appetizer topped with ginger, scallion, and crispy duck - and it's incredible; there's acid, savory, sweet notes with this one bite and it really took us by surprise, in a good way. We ended up ordering another round of scallops at the very end - that's how amazing it was!!!! 

-Crispy Whole Fish: the sauce on this dish was sweet/sour/spicy all in one; thought there was definitely a lot of flavor but because it was the whole fish, it wasn't the easiest to eat; but still really good

-Red Curry with Duck: personally I'm not too into curry or duck, but this dish probably changed my mind about that; it's a little bit on the spicier side but definitely try

Service:
-My waitress was really knowledgeable and gave really good recommendations so ask questions if you're unsure of what to get 

Tips:
I wanted to get a beer but I believe they are only licensed to carry wine - so just beware! 

Overall, my friends and I had a great experience and will definitely be back to try some other dishes (and probably get the scallop again haha)"
"I have lived in south east Asia for many years - and I can tell you this is one of most carefully prepared, delicately seasoned, and authentic Malaysian / Indonesian restaurants in the country (I have tried probably 30 across the country). The kway teow, nasi lemak, ribs, is excellent !  I over ate but it feels good :-)

Also I drove in from the burbs - COVID era traffic means it's only 20mins door to door :-)"
"Chalawan is my favorite restaurant I've been to in Cambridge so far. We went once before the pandemic and have recently come back twice to sit outside. Every time has been a great experience. The decor inside was lovely and the new seating outside is pleasant and safe, with nicely separated tables and heat lamps. It is slightly close to traffic in the street, but I prefer that to being unsafely on the sidewalk.

The food is really great - it is somewhat upscale Thai/Southeast Asian fusion cuisine, with amazing flavor combinations and nicely cooked meat and vegetables. The scallop appetizers are some of the best I've ever had, and I also really the enjoy the betel leaf appetizer. I've liked all of the mains (which are generously sized and easy to share), especially the duck curry, the Singapore chili beef, and the tamarind prawns. The wine list is reasonable and good, and I was pleased with the service.

Overall, this place really stands out in Cambridge, where many restaurants are a bit overpriced. The flavors here are so amazing and the entire experience is perfect. Highest recommendation!"
Tried this place for the first time during covid season. Spectacular! We ordered the crispy pork belly, scallops, mee goreng and hainanese chicken rice from their (last two from their street food menu). I grew up in Singapore from age four onwards and the food here tasted like home. Will definitely be back soon to try their other dishes.
"I feel like there's a lot of tasty Thai restaurants in Boston but Chalawan is the first that I've been to here that truly feels upscale. While this experience may come with a hefty price tag , I feel like it can be justified with Chalawan's impressive presentation of its food and its savory dishes. 

I don't think you can come to Chalawan and not order an appetizer considering how INSTAGRAM-ABLE  (and delicious) they are. My friend and I ordered the chicken betel leaf and the seared Alaskan scallop for our apps. 

The chicken betel leaf was an interesting experience. It has a strong lemon grass flavor with a bit of a mushy texture that is complemented by crunchy fried shallots. I would not recommend eating the actual betel leaf.

The seared Alaskan scallop was every bit as delicious as it sounds. The scallop was seared perfectly, and I really enjoyed the garnish of scallion and shallots. I feel like this is going to be a must-order for me when I come back.

For our mains, we got the red curry duck (with some roti canai) and the Singapore chili beef. 

The red curry duck was creamy with just the right amount of spice and kick. It was intriguing to see the combination of ingredients in this dish. I've never eaten a red curry with duck before much less one with lychee, okra, and eggplant, but it seemed to work. 

I was also glad that my friend and I both got rice for the red curry even though I'm kinda on a low carb diet . The rice was surprisingly good. It was warm and very sticky  which made it pleasing to eat. 

We also actually ordered the roti canai which came out fresh and hot and paired well with the curry (NOTE that it seems like they normally don't give you a curry/dipping sauce when you order the roti canai).

The Singapore chili beef was admittedly kinda plain (like any nice beef dish you might find at a Chinese restaurant) but I still enjoyed eating it. 

The biggest reason you might not want to go to Chalawan is honestly the price. All the apps start to add up and even the rice costs $2 per person which is disappointing. I believe our bill came out to around $38 per person before tip 

All in all though, I think you get what you pay for. I would love to come back to Chalawan again in the future (perhaps on a fancy date) and try some of their other dishes."
The BEST food in Boston - absolutely amazing. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. We will be back!!
The fusion thai food is delicious and very tasty. The top notch one is the service. My servers are Dinish and Pod. They are very gentle and professional. Will be back soon.
My husband and I are big time Asian food lovers and have been trying different restaurants in Boston for good Asian food. We have found good Chinese places but haven't really found restaurants serving good Indonesian, Malaysian or Singaporean food until we tried Chalawan. We absolutely loved it and would be going back multiple times to try everything on the menu. Every item on the menu is so unique and from a different cuisine altogether, so it's difficult to pick one item- probably the only negative about this place. The location and the ambience are also perfect. We tried chicken in beetle leaf(I would give it a 3 ), red curry (5   ), and mangolian noodle(4 ). I really hope more people would try this place, because it is the only one of this kind in Boston and it'll be so disappointing if this closes down too.
Expensive but well-worth it, extremely tasty food. It does mix various Southeast Asian flavors together quite well - I recognized some flavors from my travels in Indonesia, Thailand, and southern China with some Western twists. We had Thai-style appetizer seared Alaska scallops in tasty scallion dipping sauce and Yunnan-style steamed snapper dumplings with chili and black vinegar sauce, and I had Borneo tamarind prawn with curry leaf, spring onions and fried shallots (phenomenal sauce) as my main dish, as well as crème brûlée with ice cream for desert. All superb!
I'm not sure what people mean when they say the food was low quality, this is one of the best southeast asian restaurants I've been to in Boston (being Viet myself who has traveled around SEA). My boyfriend and I ordered the pork belly and calamari for appetizers and then the singaporean laksa and thai hoi tod off their street food menu. THEY WERE ALL DELICIOUS!! and had very good portions. The pork belly was thick cut and the calamari came in big rectangular cuts, which I liked. They also really know their sauces here. We will be coming back!
The best Indonesian's food We ever have , the service is excellent. The scallops were excellent , my husband had Singapore's chill very delicious. I have fried red snapper was very delicious. Highly recommended
"Come here, order the Crispy Pork Belly starter, and thank me later. 

I also tried the Szechuan Eggplant and Soft Shell Crab. Both were flavorful and well prepared dishes, but the Pork Belly was definitely the highlight. The crab also could've been a bit crispier. 

Service is friendly and decor is warm. The prices are higher than standard Thai fare, but in line with the higher quality. All in all, a great addition to the area. Can't wait to go back for more."
We had the best time at Chalawan, even though we reached quite late towards closing time! The Street Food menu is gold, and their Singaporean Curries are gobsmackingly delicious
Excellent food, great decor, very good service. We like the southeast asian emphasis a lot. Good wine pairings too. And yes they do pickup during COVID-19.
Cute outdoor dining set up with the lights and heat lamp. We ordered a few appetizers and entrees from the hawker menu. Pork belly is a must get! Calamari was crispy. The duck salad has good tangy flavor. The scallop was impressive. This was a bit much for 2 people, but everything was so tasty. Portion sizes are big. Overall great dinner
Stopped by for lunch, was the only one eating indoors. I sat by the chilly window, and the waiter brought a large heater to keep me warm - instant coziness and good will. Food was exotic, very tasty, the waiter was very friendly, patiently explaining and recommending dishes. I tried mostly appetizers, liked all of them, and will be back.
"Absolutely loved the food here, almost everything we ordered was amazing! The food is a little pricey, especially since they don't seem to have a lunch menu. ~$50 with tip and tax per person for lunch is on the high side. 

Thankfully the meal was definitely worth the price. We ordered:

- Seared Alaska scallop. We were told eat this in one bite, and I wish i had more bites! The ginger scallion shallot and caramelize crispy duck that topped the scallop gave it lots of texture and robust flavors.

- Lang kawi crispy calamari with kaffir lime leaf lemongrass dried chili and chili jam sauce. Calamari was cut in a way that helped it be more tender, the chili jam was sweet and not too spicy.

-Sumatra wagyu beef cheek rendang with chili star anise cinnamon stick and roasted coconut. This is my ultimate favorite dish! The beef check was so tender and flavorful, and the rendang sauce was rich with coconut milk and spices.

- Stir fry Szechuan eggplant with cherry tomato chili ginger leek pepper garlic and black vinegar. This was okay, i didn't like how there were a lot of pepper seeds in the dish, and it was hard avoiding them.

- Soft shell crab in curry.  Came with two well-fried soft shell crab in a curry sauce. The sauce was a little too watery but the crab was crisp on the outside and tender inside.

- roti canai (pancake like bread that was great for dipping in curry!)

Our server provided us with great recommendations and was very attentive with topping up on waters and rice during the meal.

We made reservations for lunch on a Saturday but the restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived, it didn't seem like reservations was necessary."
"I really enjoyed Chalawan but it was a bit tricky to understand what we were getting ourselves into.  Full disclosure: it was a rainy, icky Tuesday night and we were craving Southwest Asian food.  The Web site wasn't super helpful (and it was impossible to find prices listed to get any directional sense), so it was a bit surprising to us that entrees are about $30.  Totally understood but in that case we may not have gone on a rainy night where we just wanted comfort food (and instead dropped about $100).

The food at Chalawan is delicious, nuanced, and fresh.  The food was a bit overpriced for what it was -- $25 - $30 for many of the entrees - again, it was impossible to know this before literally going into the restaurant.  Meanwhile, the ""Vegetarian"" menu on Chalawan's Web site is a bit lower ($15-$20) - just seemed misleading."
"We came here during the COVID partial re-opening and dined outside, but they also had a few tables inside that were at least 15+ft apart. They took all the necessary precautions and it felt really safe. 

The food was really great! We had the pork belly appetizer, the duck salad, the chicken on betel leaf, and the beef cheek Rendang. It was all yummy but the beef cheek Rendang was probably my favorite. The pork belly appetizer is a huge portion! like 10 huge cubes of pork belly. We filled up a little bit too much on that before the main course so I'd be careful with that one if you're only sharing between two people!"
"So happy they opened for outdoor dine-in! Great service and food! They have packets for cutlery and servers are wearing gloves and a mask. They serve you your rice and are very hospital. 

Absolutely love the appetizers. Crispy pork belly is definitely worth it! If you're into something spicy, the red curry of duck will hit the spot!"
This place was amazing! I really love the diversity of South Eastern Asian cuisine. We got the tamarind tofu, fish dumplings, and the pork hock. The tofu was sweet, acidic, and still crispy. The dumplings were delicate and light. The vinegar is always a nice contrast and was bursting with layers of flavor. Don't even get me started on the pork hock. It was very tender, falling to pieces off the bone and the skin was SO deliciously crispy. The fat melted in your mouth and the two dipping sauces contrasted so well. Sweet tamarind and the other zesty shallot dip cut through the fat if you needed a break from the richness. I had to bring it home because it was so filling, but it heat up in the oven really well. I can't wait to take my Thai mom there!
"Given the hype, had to give Chalawan a try. I made a reservation for me and my girlfriend at 6:30 on a Thursday; the restaurant was about half full when we arrived but quickly filled up by 7:30 PM. We started with the scallop spoons which lived up to their reputation. 
Scallop spoon app (5 stars) - Succulent, flavorful and unique, definitely a memorable appetizer.
For entrees, we split the red duck curry (5 stars) and the Singapore beef (4 stars). My preference was for the red duck curry; the curry had a tangy yet balanced flavor and the duck pretty much melted in your mouth. The inclusion of lychee was brought just the right amount of sweetness as well. The Singapore Beef was also very tender, and the accompanying veggies complemented it, although the sauce was a tad to sweet and lacked a spicy kick to it. 
For dessert we had the black rice (3 stars), which I'd probably pass on next time. 
Drinks - 5 stars. I had a glass of the House Cabernet which was well-balanced and nicely complemented the beef and duck.
Service - 5 stars. Our waiter always seemed to be around for questions or to fill up our water glasses. The owner/manager also seemed to be present ensuring we were enjoying our dining experience. Further, if you order a side of rice, your waiter makes rounds with a big pot of freshly-steamed rice, re-filling your plate when necessary - nice touch IMO.
Overall, we had high expectations for Chalawan and it definitely met if not exceeded them!"
"Food
I decided to come here because of the great ratings in Yelp, but I was disappointed. The food was very mediocre. The highlight was the scallop appetiser, but still not perfect. The chicken betel leaf was interesting, but I didn't realise it was a cold dish. The steam snapper dumplings were okay as well.
For main course, I had the crispy whole fish and it was so sweet that I couldn't finish half of it. The red duck curry was not bad. Finally, the desserts. Both of us had black sticky rice. Not a fan.

Everything else
The decor was nice, but a bit too dark for my taste. I don't think the restaurant is doing very well. We came here on a Friday night and there were only four tables, and there were not many takeouts. I definitely will not come back and don't recommend it to anyone."
Place for Asian food lover! My husband and I ordered baby ribs and Singapore chili beef. Both of them are amazing. The source is rich. I especially love the chilli beef. I don't know how the chef made the beef soooooooo tender inside and crispy outside! Worth every penny! The waiter was also nice, checking us regularly.
"This is the only restaurant I know that has so much variety from many Southeast Asian cuisine all in one place! Their menus are very creative, with the hawker list an extra fun bonus. 

There are tables both indoors and outdoors for spaced apart seating. Would highly recommend checking this place out!"
What a special place. Chalawan is around the corner from my partner's daughters home in Cambridge and has outdoor seating, so we gave it a try and were beyond pleasantly surprised. The menu here is not your ordinary neighborhood Thai place. The ingredients are fresh, authentic and sometimes even exotic. Preparation is to order and gorgeously presented. The staff are welcoming, informative and accommodating in a way that makes you feel like a guest in their home. Don't be fooled by the humble Mass Ave. storefront. This place is a jewel hiding in plain sight!
Great place with outdoor seating available. Food was fantastic especially aunty wang's dumplings and crispy whole fish! Service could have been better.
"I had a relatively decent time here with my friends until the racist, drunk woman that the waiters and seating host refused to cut off really killed the vibe. Seriously, if a woman's harassing an entire table of guests, it's only fair to ask her to leave the premises.

Also, comparing the regular menu to the vegetarian menu kind of pointed out one glaring difference - ordering the meat version of a dish can mean the difference of $13. I had to do the math twice because I was that surprised. For example, if you look on Grubhub, the Singapore chili beef costs $25 but the Singapore chili tofu costs $14. The same goes for the red curry - $24 vs $14. Unless the meat comes with a separate but equally-sized plate of beef, I don't know that it's worth the drastic difference in price. I haven't been to any restaurant that charges so much, but I guess that's Cambridge for you. Not to mention, the food is overly salted to the point it kind of obscures the actual flavor. I can't imagine how much saltier the meat version of the dishes would be.

Suffice it to say, I'm not coming back."
"Haven't been here in about 5 years. The reason we came is because we drove all this way to get Shiro but it was closed on Victoria Day so we came here instead. I used to live across the street so came here often 2001-2004 but I know things aren't always the same as chefs change etc. 

We came in and it was packed. The restaurant was full with tons of larger groups. We thought we'd have to wait but we were seated immediately. 

Here's a breakdown of the dishes:

- mango salad was delicious. I wish there was more lettuce on it because there was a very generous portion of mango. The dressing was like a runny version of a Thai chili sauce and we thought it worked well with the sweetness of the mango and gave the lettuce a lift in regards to flavor. 

- hot and sour soup was SO good. I could have it all day long. 

- stir fried mixed veggies (okra, beans and eggplant) in sambal sauce with some squid. Delicious. Not as greasy as the one at Banana Leaf so that was nice. 
 
- hainanese chicken was the 2nd worst I've had in the city. I didn't even remember my review until I checked in on yelp and saw that I gave a similar low rating for it. Too late, I already ordered it by then :( I wouldn't get it again. So bland.

- nasi goreng was greasier than the one at Banana Leaf and it wasn't as flavorful though it was much darker in color than the one at Banana Leaf. Nonetheless still good but I just didn't like how the rice fell apart and didn't remotely stick at all. 

Overall a delicious meal. I'd avoid the hainanese chicken and nasi goreng in the future, but happily order other things as the menu is expansive."
"Food: 4/5
Service: 4/5
Price: 3/5
Overall: 3.5/5

So i've literally been coming here for almost 10 years. This used to be my favorite restaurant in Vancouver. The service was always great/attentive, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was fine. But on this most recent visit, it's gone downhill. The food portions have gone down, and the taste is still awesome but somehow isn't the same. I've tried more than half of their extensive menu so here are a few of my favorites:

1. Chicken curry: super savory and unique compared to other curries I've had. Great with their garlic rice.

2. Beef or pork satays: the peanut sauce this comes with is to die for. Flavor is awesome and its super tender. Just a little pricey.

3. Prawn cakes: once again a little pricey but amazing flavor, comes with a great sweet chili sauce, and just delicious

4. Deep fried tofu: they use this really thin crunchy batter that's not like a tempura batter but more like just breading it with breadcrumbs, idk how they do it. But the batter is so flavorful and they use soft tofu. This dish is AMAZING.

5. Laksa: standard, but the ingredients they use (chicken, egg, fish tofu) is above avrg. The broth is super satisfying.

6. I forgot the name, but it's a fish covered with a paste made of ground up dried shrimp and other spices. It is such a unique flavor 

I can go on forever about other dishes, but honestly try anything and you can't really go wrong."
Ok so I like the pineapple fried rice here. They have a good virgin drink with pineapple, also. However, last time I went with my boyfriend, the eggplant we ordered, it was such a small serving for $18. At first we thought, for that much, it must be a big serving of eggplant and we will have leftovers, etc. However, we really did not, we thought it was over-priced for what we ate. The satay meat was tasty.
I only had the seafood laksa for lunch, but it was divine. My friend had the Singapore laksa (the same broth, but with chicken as well) and enjoyed it. I'll be going back again for this soup!!
Pretty decent. Their fried rice dishes always satisfy. Most dishes are modest in serving size, not overly generous but pretty flavorful. Servers have been attentive and polite.
"Service is ok, restaurant is cute, but food is REALLY good southern-asian afternoon tea...exotic southern asian (malay, singaporean, indian, etc) style comfort foods, like sauteed noodles, seafood, fried rices...many with lots of coconut milk (YUM!!!!).  there's even coconut rice on the side.  All served if you like with british-style tea, even yummier!

NEVER crowded, but i've never been to the other tropikas, i can't help but eat till i'm stuffed everytime i come here!!  Another must-do when i am in vancouver, but better to bring more people so you can try more dishes, or you can definitely take home leftovers.

(4.25 stars)"
"After all these years, they still got it.  

The reservation is well taken care of.  Note that there are evenings when they're booked up quickly.  This time, however, it was a slower night with tables readily available for those with no reservations. 

Our favorites there are satays, roti, shrimp cake, curry lamb, pad thai, and coconut seafood fried rice. Occasionally, we'll add some fish and chicken, but the above are our ""staple items"". 

Service is usually good, with lots of waiters/waitresses running around. They refill your water and even change your plates once in a while. 

Do try their warm desserts if you have room left after your meal.  Their mo mo cha cha and black bean (aka black glutinous rice) are both awesome.  Just sweet enough, creamy, succulent, and quite satisfying."
"I came here last minute. I was looking through my Entertainment Book for a restaurant close to me. Tropika was the closest restaurant to me that could fit me in at 8:30 pm on a Saturday. I have never been here before. I arrived and they were very busy. The decor made me feel like I was away in Asia. Service was attentive. Wait staff were all men in shirts and ties.

I have had lots of Chinese and Thai food, but never Malaysian. I was surprised at how similar the curries were to Thai. The food was fresh, spicy and very tasty.

I really enjoyed the food and service. The wine is cheap. I had a nice bottle of wine for $35. The fried banana and ice cream desert was fantastic.

I really like this restaurant and can't wait to go back. I crave this food right now!

Prices are very cheap! I can't believe how good this place is!"
"Roti canai was OK. Mee goreng tastily good but nothing that I will remember as out of this world. Some meat in the satay skewers a bit tough to chew.

The servers were all male and they were all so attentive I love the service here! Table setting and ambience is very nice too has an elegant touch to it. Nice place for a relaxed dinner."
I have been eating here for over 20 years! I still find it to be the best Singapore/Malaysia/Indonesia restaurants in the town.  You should give it a shot if you haven't!
"good service
good food/one of the better in the franchise
family friendly
parking is a hassle
average price for quality/ good for sharing
if I had to choose 1 dish: samba eggs
would I go back? yes"
"Impressive place. Get there during off hours for best service.
The clams were sauced nicely. Tender satay. The other dishes were wonderfully spiced and spicy as well. Would not hesitate to return."
The other half and I come here once a year with our entertainment book coupon.  The food is incredibly delicious, the service is very good and fast.  The only downside is that it is quite pricey.  Otherwise, we are always excited to come here.
I ate here once and had a very good experience. The place is cozy and the food is yummy. I don't recall anything bad about the service so I gladly give them 5 stars.
"Definitely a pretty good Malaysian restaurant that lives up to the chain's name.

Granted I am not a Malaysian native thus my tastes and palette may be different than those.  

The price is what ballparks my rating as only 3 stars.  

We were a party of 5 (3 guys and 2 ladies) and needless to say we can pack it in...thus was on the pricier end.  An order of 2 rice dishes, 2 noodles dishes, curry, 2 orders of beans..and other assortments surmounted to a total of around 9 dishes and 2 shared desserts.  Nonetheless the food was good especially the curry.

In summary this is an ok restaurant that is a bit on the pricier side.  Plenty of street parking is available nearby is a plus.  Service is ok in the sense that they appeared to be undermanned given the size and how busy it gets. 

I wouldn't choose to go here every week or have it become my ""goto"" Malaysian restaurant, but once in awhile this would be an ok selection."
"Busy on a Sunday night. Good food. Weak cocktails. Attentive waitstaff.

Try the Assam Seafood hot pot. The prawns calamari and clam was fresh. I didn't like the vegetable curry dish we also ordered which tasted like bland Indian style curry. It looks like people go for the KL crab which is a king crab topped with dry shrimp."
Decent food, even some really amazing items on the menu.  Outrageous pricing for what you are getting.  Try your luck on good service vs slap service depending on the visit.
"Tropika on Cambie is a family place, tucked away in what is, comparatively speaking, a more suburban area. It features the same flavours and spices as its other counterparts, minus the attitude of its downtown location.

Advertising itself as a Malaysian and Thai restaurant, it consistently delivers. Traditional dishes like Tom Yam soup, Pad Thai and green curry were present. Generally, most of the dishes seemed authentic (fresh tumeric, lemongrass and lime begin to tease the olfactory organs upon entry) however the heat doesn't come anywhere near to what would be on-hand at any street vendor in both Kuala Lumpur and Bangkok. At the very least, though, you don't have to worry about exhaust fumes adding another dimension of flavour to your food, unlike what is regularly seen on Kao San Road."
"Been coming for years, they are a staple. Service is superior, food is superior, pricing is very reasonable. Food is authentically well spiced without reaching sweat-level hot. It's true the decor could use updating, but I'm pretty sure decor is low on the priorities list of anyone going to an Asian restaurant in Vancouver.

Locals love about the Roti Canai with good reason, it is value-priced and delicious. But the Radish Cake is a lovely and overlooked delicacy too. 

Pro tip: Two entrees, a Roti Canai, and side bowl of ginger rice will feed two average sized hungry Vancouverites, with even some leftovers. Entertainment Book 2015 coupon gets you buy-one-get-one entree up to $14."
Service by the waiters are very attentive and friendly . Pork ribs are very meaty but not consistent in flavour. Very good one time and not as good second.  Oxtail - do not order - they either do not have it or if they do , very tough -  using coupons not very flexible - be sure to call first . - had a free roti coupon- expired 1.5 months - would not make exception and honour it. - had a entertainment coupon - would not honour it  because it was ST. Patrick's Day  Since when was ST. Patrick's day a major holiday (not offence to my Irish Friends )
Damian loved this place!! Their mixed noodles plate.. (forgot the name, but I have a picture ) was delicious!! We ate the whole thing up. The service was great!! Our waitress was very attentive. The only thing I didn't care for was their peanut sauce. It actually is the worst one I have tasted and I love to taste peanut sauces everywhere. Their lamb satay was great!! Overall a good experience. ( a bit on the pricey side)
"We have been few times here, and we repeat, that means we like it. But it is not outstanding, and because of the price as well as the food is always hit and miss, I wouldn't give them 4 stars.
The service is good, sometimes in rush when closing time is coming, which is a little bit uncomfortable for the customers. 
Love the seafood coconut rice, our favourite dish here, together with the eggplant with dry prawns. However, the eggplant is not always the same, and sometimes it has a big lack of flavour. When it is good, it is very good!
The Mee Goreng is something you should avoid here.
About the price, it is pricey compared with other Malaysian or Indonesian restaurants. Tropika has a larger menu, but as I said, you have to pick the right things to be happy at the end of your meal."
"Two words: KL Crab.  That's it. I would go back just for that.
Great for groups, great service! Get there early (ie: by 6pm on weekends to avoid the lineup)"
Just walked back from there to the B&B where we're staying around the corner. Fabulous! I had a wonderful lamb curry, she had incredible calamari. We started with fried soft shell crabs with a dry Thai curry that was house made. We couldn't help but notice that on a busy Friday night we were the only Caucasians there...maybe that means nothing, but it was noteworthy. Highly recommended.
"We used to go to Tropika all the time in Edmonton. The food there was great. We were pleased to discover that there were two Tropika's in Vanouver, and we decided to go to this one on Cambie. Our overall experience here was OKAY.

Iced coffee- I had a Matay Dark Iced Coffee. I had two because hubster did not want his. Both drinks were sweet-ish but watered down. Nothing special.

Satay- Good. Came with peanut sauce

Roti- It was okay. The sauce that came with it was watery.

Tom Ka Gai- Soup was good but not worth $19.95. I'll never pay for overpriced soup again.

Indonesian Spring Rolls- Decent but not as good as the ones I've eaten at other Tropikas.

Kari Kambing- the flavors and sauce were on point. This is Tropika's lamb curry dish but the meat was chunky and tasted more like beef pot roast.

Coconut Rice- I asked for coconut rice to go  with the currry dish. The rice had NO FLAVOR. It was plain regular rice.  I asked for a side of coconut rice to go. When I got into the ride I tasted it to make sure it was coconut rice and it wasn't. The rice had a strong chicken stock flavor. NO COCONUT.

Dessert- Only thing that was good. We had the Panda (black sesame gelato with vanilla icecream in the center) and the Pear (hazelnut icecream shaped as a pear and dipped in chocolate).

Customer Service- 4/5

As I said, it was just OKAY here. Nothing exceptional. We might come back one day just to try the K. L. Krab dish."
"*3.5 stars*

Great family restaurant.  Large enough to accommodate big groups and the more people to share with means more variety!

Always start with some roti canai.  These savoury flaky Malaysian bread are puffy and served with a thin curry sauce and should not be missed. One order comes with 1 so make sure you order enough! I like to have a whole one to myself.

Also tried the Char Kway Teow which is the fried flat rice noodles with some egg, fish cake and bean sprouts.  Love the flavours in here...some soy sauce, shrimp paste and chili for some spice.  

They also have different drink specials every day for those who are always thirsty."
"Reservations are definitely recommended for weekend (evening) dinner plans. Service was good, they work efficiently in taking orders, changing plates that are full, re-assuring that your water glasses are always full and that the food is in good quality. The food usually tastes great. It can be slightly overpriced for some of their portions (not all). 

They didn't get 5 stars for this visit due to having found hair in my daughters drinking glass. They also ""politely"" rushed us out by constantly asking if we were ""done yet"" - probably due to having others waiting at the door; which I found rude. We made proper reservations for 9 people and deserve to eat comfortably without feeling rushed."
"Decent place for the price but the food is not authentic Malaysian. We ordered the satay to start, sambal clams, kangkung and deep fried pomphret fish.

The satay itself was tasty but peanut sauce was lacking flavour and spice. Most disappointing dish was the sambal clams which had NO sambal in it at all more like a plain stir fry. Not a single hint of heat in it. Maybe you guys should rename the dish and not deceive your customers? 

The kangkung was great up until the point we found a strand of hair in it. Fish was okay and the serving was plentiful. 

Overall its not bad but not great either. Their service was on point and everyone there was helpful and friendly. But still not enough to make me go back especially when there are more authenthic Malaysian restaurants out there."
"This place used to be packed all the time, but now it can't even fill half the restaurant during lunch or dinner. I think that speaks volumes.

The food is priced well and the portions match about the size of what you'd expect for what you're paying which is nice.  Now to the actual food part of the review:

- Tom Yum Goong (or however they spell it there) is delicious but it's not as good as some authentic Thai restaurants. But overall it's really good.

- Hai nan chicken is not as good as it used to be so that was really disappointing.

- Pad thai was pathetic. I've had pad thai in a lot of places and this is probably one of the worst ones Vancouver has to offer. I wouldn't get it again.

- Deep fried shrimp cakes were tasty. I could eat it all day long.

- Nasi goreng is something that I personally think is difficult to muck up, so it's no surprise it was decent here. Their chicken and salted fish fried rice is the best though, but not for those who can't tolerate ""fishy"" tastes if that makes sense. 

The service was decent but not outstanding, but I don't come here for the service so I don't think it's something worth complaining about."
"Again Malaysian food, but I actually enjoy ordering their ""skewers"", ""jumbo prawns"" & ROTI :)"
"We decided to go here on a Friday evening to try, as we hadn't really spent a lot of time in the Cambie Village area.  Upon arriving we had a brief, but expected wait for a table and then were seated. The place is nice, has a pretty good atmosphere that is comfortable enough that you can relax and enjoy your meal.

Their fancy (non alchoholic) drinks are pricey $4-6 but well crafted and worth enjoying at least one of to complement your meal. The menu is large but not too large to be confusing, and there is something on the menu for just about everyone. Being Vegetarians we naturally stuck to those options, but the carnivore food we saw coming out looked equally as appealing. 

We ordered the Gado Gado (large) $8.50  which when it arrived we remarked we could have easily shared the salad with some roti and called it a meal. Generous portions, spot on flavours and great presentation - WIN.  Roti was hot, soft and just the right amount of sweetness in the aftertaste.

Next was the pad thai - we were already almost too full from the gadogado, but tucked in and enjoyed the flavours, a little different than other pad thai dishes we've had, kind of almost tomatoey. Different but good nonetheless. We had so much food left over we had enough for a meal the following day. 

The service also was excellent with the staff very friendly and operating as a team ensuring orders and plates got out to the tables quickly, and the food came quickly each course.  

If you are in the mood for Malaysian/Thai food and are in the Cambie corridor area, its totally worth checking out. Prices are reasonable and the food is well made."
"I'm not sure how authentic this place is but the food was pretty tasty.  We tried the sambal bunchies, which was delicious but I have never had asian green beans, that were not.  The Roti Canai was amazing.  Worth going back for that alone.  I could have made my whole meal out if this.  Reminds me of the buss up shut trinidadian style roti, but sweeter.  Delicious.

We also tried the seafood hot pot, pad thai, some kind of beef stew, and the fried hokkien mee.  The noodles and beef stew were really good, pad thai alright, but I didn't really like the sauce on the hot pot.  Almost tasted like an indian curry, which I do like, but maybe didn't like this one, as I was expecting something different?  

Overall, the food was pretty good.  

The service was extremely good, which was a nice bonus."
"I have been to Tropika many times; however, it has been a very long time since my last visit. One of the reasons I stopped going was because I found the waiters very curt. I don't mind higher prices food if it is good quality and the ambience, which includes the service, matches.

This time, we had a much better time. The food was very good. We had the green beans, the lamb curry, and the lemon chicken. We also had it with the famous coconut rice. For dessert, we had deep friend banana with vanilla ice cream. Everything was very good. The food came out quickly and the waiters were nice. They filled our water many times and made sure to top off our beer when it looked low. 

What brought me back into the restaurant is that Tropika has become a Lyoness member, so I get cash back with my purchase. I can't really pass up a deal, so I decided to give the restaurant another chance, and I'm very glad I did. 

I will definitely be back!"
"I have an Asian wife, therefore I've been granted expert status on Asian cooking, or so at least I tell people. Tropika is as good as any place in Vancouver for Southeast Asian cooking. It's not Thai, it's not Chinese, it's really more Malay (but not Peranakan). Anyway enough of the whitey education lesson. Tropika is great food, good service and reasonable prices.  Plus it's generally filled with Asians, so you know the foods going to be good. 

Get the Bunchies (Sambal Green Beans), it's the best thing on the menu. Roti is tops, as is the satay and any noodle dish (obviously). Coconut rice served in a coconut is fantastic too. I argued with the rest of the group as to the quality of the chicken red curry. I said it was a little substandard, I'm also a white male, whereas they are not.  Therefore my opinion on the matter was acknowledged and dismissed.

Great place, i can't decide which is better here or Banana Leaf."
Like the food over here especially the crab dishes. We find Roti and pineapple fried rice quite average but everything else is good. The place is normally busy and service could be slow. P.S. Parking can be hard to find.
"Let me start off by saying...boy, was I impressed with the crab I had here - it was flavorful, a bit spicy for my taste buds, but overall just a unique and tasty preparation with crunchy bits that leave a garlicky and savory after taste.  My honey seems to disagree with me a bit in that he feels the flavor was only ok, and overall it was not very satisfying.  He thinks the Chinese salt & pepper crab we had at xxx (can't remember name of restaurant inside Aberdeen Center) was much better.  

I was disappointed with the pineapple fried rice and the satay was lackluster.  I liked the Roti, but not everyone enjoyed it. The accompanying sauce was so watery, it didn't seem to go together at first, then the flavors came together in my mouth.

I loved the stir-fried veggies we ordered. It was just simple Asian veggies but the sauce was delicious.  I would usually think it is a bit too salty but for some reason, I just kept eating and eating and eating it.  

I come here each time I visit Vancouver because my cousins seem to really enjoy the food here.  For me, it's alright, nothing spectacular, but not terrible that I would discourage my cousins from taking me."
Not sure where all the low ratings are coming from because I'm a fan! Lunch menu - Beef brisket curry and roti canai. I thought this was pretty tasty and good value for a lunch. Brisket was tender, flavourful, and good cuts instead of being fatty or full of tendon. I'm not a roti expert but.... This roti canai here though was pretty high up there for me, I thought it was flakey and light and chewy, and not overly greasy. Pricing was good too and I left happy!
"My bf and I finally gave this place a go! We started off with the Indonesian spring rolls which i have to say were honestly the tastiest spring rolls I have ever had. We then had some chicken curry puff, which i was so so on simply because I'm not big into potatoes, but the bf loved it. 
We then had the home-style chicken which was yummy and the rendang lembu which I could not get enough of! 
The service was very friendly and quick! Try them out"
"We were looking for authentic Indonesian and we though we would give tropika a try.

Whatever type of food.. Indonesian, Malaysian or Singaporean, the food and service was excellent. I will be about the 100th person to say the roti is definitely worth a try."
"Been here many times. The food is good, and the service is good as well. I've never been disappointed. They know how to make that crab taste better than anyone else. You want to eat crab, it has to be cooked Malaysian style. 

From what I've heard from ""actual Malaysians"" this place is quite authentic."
"Be sure to get the Hainan rice if possible.  Nothing like eating a nice steaming bowl of rice coated with chicken fat.

Also be sure to eat the turnip cake (appetizer).  This is not what you normally get at dimsum.  Not at all.  My friends and I always get this staple.

Really can't get enough of this place."
"The food here is more Indonesian rather than Malaysian.  The service area is pretty big and can take quite a few guests at a time.  Parking is a bit of an issue as there is only street parking.  We ordered the Gado Gado, chicken satay, Kari Ayam, curry puff, and Roti.  The Gado Gado was very fresh and the chicken satay sauce quite authentic.  The Kari Ayam was very spicy (pedas)!

In the end we had enough left overs to make a killer curry fried rice the next day!  In all, the food is ok relative to the many Malaysian food restaurants in Vancouver.  Not over the top great but not bad either."
"I came here on a Friday night and it was PACKED...hence i had big expectations.   The fact that it was so packed didn't bother me because this restaurant does have a nice flow.  

We ordered:  

-Fresh young coconut: it had the PERFECT taste-not too sweet. probably what I enjoyed the most.  a MUST try.  

-Crab: RECOMMENDED!-  but should be remembered that it takes skill to get the meat out (Saying that because I look like a complete viking doing this)  This item not recommended for a hot date.   

-Green Beans: Nothing special.  Too greasy for my taste.

-Nasi Goreng:  I have never been to Indonesia so I don't really know what authentic nasi goreng is .....but it didn't have the usual egg and satay...also it was REALLY greasy and salty which killed it.

-Pad Thai:  Mediocre at best.  Nothing special.

Oh well.  The server was VERY attentive, friendly and had GOOOD attitude...even came often to refill our water- man this guy should win an award.  

it was $100 for four people which was reasonable.  

If you like food on the greasy side,  Tropika is for you.   Will I come back?  I'll give it another try.

It's not those romantic date places where you'd wear your sexy small dress but good for dressy-casual gatherings, or family dine outs."
Service was pretty good. Seated right away and friendly staff. Ordered home style chicken and Kari Liam ( not quite sure) curry. Food came in a reasonable amount of time and was hot and nicely presented. The curry tasted good but they cook bone in chicken and there were lots of small bones in it. I got s stomach ache afterwards and I think it might be because the chicken in the curry had the skin on and my digestive system doesn't do well with excessive amounts of fat. I would say that this place is okay.
"This was my first time at this Tropika location.  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's fine inside. I went at 5pm on a Monday, so didn't get affected by the busy = bad service that others have mentioned. 

We got our usual Tropika picks:
 + Hainanese Cold Chicken
 + Roti
We tried for the first time:
 + K. L. Crab (What does that stand for?)
 + Fried Hokkien Mee (noodles)
 + I don't know what it's called, but the green beans with some prawns

I'm surprised no one has mentioned the drinks -- I tried the pineapple one before, and it was good. They have other interesting drinks, like lychee and coconut. It's true I didn't get around to them this time.

The menu has large photos of half the items! I love that, especially because I don't know what the names mean."
Food was great, could have added more chicken but the fried rice was on point and the salad with the sauce was very delicious.
I like the food at Tropika but the services are sometimes not too great! I am a regular customer and I enjoyed their food because it's really yummy and great flavours but I am sometimes not so happy about the services because I want to be service like it worth my money! Customer service is really important because if I'm not happy I wont be back even thought the food are great! So I hope they can improve their services so everyone can enjoy good food and walk out smiling!
It has been many years since I've been here.  I remember liking it a lot.  However, I was disappointed this time.  I was disappointed that they didn't have any local beers, the roti was flat and completely unflaky, and my prawn hot pot was only OK, not the delicious rich flavours you would normally expect.  If you think you'll be ordering something that needs a knife to cut, I recommend you bring one from home.  Their knives are disfunctional.
GREAT food. I've been to the Tropika in Richmond and the food is so poorly cooked it doesn't even compare to the Tropika in Vancouver. The rendang beef is cooked perfectly and it's so tender. The skewers, roti canai, pad thai and spring rolls were also very tasty. I will only ever visit the Vancouver location.
As one of the longer standing malaysian restaurants in Vancouver, i used to go quite often as a kid but with the number of new restaurants, the prices are no longer worth the food. They have a delicious fried chicken dish but the meat was a bit dry. The roti was flaky and pretty good as well but quite pricey. Finally, each dish is quite small and it feels very oily, heavy and...chain produced? Theres nothing wrong with the food here but not my choice for malaysian cuisine.
"Tropika has been voted best malaysian food in vancouver for the pas few years now.  So, I decided to try it.  This place has really bad pad-thai. Really really sweet. I have tried 3 different fried rices and they were all terrific!  The service almost terrible a lot of the waiters are very rude. I went there with a group of 13 people. They did not crack a smile once. 

I want to say I will be returning for their fried rice and roti, but I can't. Not yet anyways."
"Three stars average only? What?!  This place is delicious!  The roti canai, chicken curry puffs, Indonesian spring rolls and mee goreng are amongst my faves. The food here is always delicious and tastes authentic. 

I'd caution that this place is realllly busy on weekends. It would be a good idea to make resos.  They do have the capacity to have large groups as well."
On a Sunday evening, we ordered family-style: curried duck, Hainanese-style chicken, pineapple fried rice, and bok choy to share (five people in all), and the dishes were all tasty but a tad on the smaller side, portion-wise, so we didn't have any leftovers to take home. Was it worth the drive from Richmond? Yes.
"Came here for a late lunch with a party of two the atmosphere here is comfortable and fits in with the Malaysian theme we ordered the roti canai to start followed with the lamb curry and the Assam chicken 

The roti canai was great flacky crispy roti served with a flavorful curry sauce for dipping 
*this appetizer is a must get*

The lamb curry was also great it's basically potatoes and lamb that was so soft you could cut it with a spoon all swimming in a thick rich curry flavored with coconut milk 

The Assam chicken was good but probably the weakest dish we had chicken and tomatoes swimming in sauce flavored with tamarind and lemon grass garnished with cilantro and carrots on the menu it also states star anise but I didn't pick that up to me it sort of had a sweet and sour flavor although unique and worth a try I definitely prefer the lamb 

All in all it has great food good service and an atmosphere that fit the theme I would definitely return"
Though the prices are a little steep, I continue to return for the spicy green beans and the MP tofu.  I'm no vegetarian, but I can't get enough of the flavors and textures in these particular dishes.
"Went here for dinner. When we made reservations, they let us know that we had a time limit at the restaurant. When we got there, half of our party was on its way, but the server seemed incredibly rushed when he asked us if the rest of our party was coming or not after a couple of minutes.

The food was pretty good. For appetizers, we ordered a large Gado Gado to split amongst 6 people, as well as Roti Canai ( Malay Bread ). I enjoyed the tasty peanut sauce that came with the Gado Gado. We ordered 3 pieces of the Roti Canai which they cut in half for us. The curry sauce that came with it was enjoyable.

Afterward, we ordered plates of meat and veggies to go along with a couple bowls of Coconut-flavoured rice. We had the Indonesian Style BBQ Pork Ribs, Thai Style Green Curry Chicken, Broccoli with Sliced Beef. I've forgotten what the other veggie platter was unfortunately, however all of the dishes were good! My personal favourite would be either the Green Curry Chicken or the BBQ Pork Ribs. The curry wasn't too hot and the coconut taste wasn't too overpowering either.

Finally, for dessert we had a hot Bubur Cha Cha and Cendol. I really enjoyed both of the desserts. 

I enjoyed the food, however the service wasn't exactly amazing. They weren't exactly the most friendly people."
"returning a year later to use up the entertainment book coupon, i gotta say my review for the FOOD itself is better with larger dishes, a little less oil slick (maybe because i've experienced much worse elsewhere) and authentic tastes, but the service is some of rudest around. We got a a lot of food tonight since we are a family that loves leftovers for the next day. The first dish was the jumbo prawns with vermicelli which was flavourful although the prawns were not a large portion (huge shells though). The roti and satay were as expected ALTHOUGH the pork satay was really really red...dont know if it was fully cooked. We got a char kweo teow and it was the oiliest of the bunch but an appropriate amount of noodle to goods portion. For meat, we got the half hainenese chicken, fried chicken and the beef rendang. The prices are quite high here but the meats were all very well received, each tasty and a large portion! the beef rendang was my dad's favourite with fatty pieces of brisket and a coconutty sauce to go with their chicken oil rice. Finally, we got a tung choy stir fried with sambal was delicious and spicy but not as oily as I expected! It was a huge portion of greens and satisfied our need for a veggie.

Overall, I must say i was impressed with the portions size as it justified the higher prices but the service is curt and unkind. The food came out a little slowly but was hot when eaten which is mostly appreciated. Continues to be a go to for malaysian eats."
"It's been a while since I've been here but it was still a nice dining experience. Great for our large group and kid friendly too. This is not a free colouring book type of ""kid friendly"" but they did have a stack of high chairs and a slightly whiny child won't be noticed because of the buzz in the restaurant.
Side note:  We didn't order or see the final total so I can't comment on the value but was overall a good experience. Since we had such a big order they even gave us a few complementary coupons for free roti and satay for next time! They know how to rope you back!

My highlights were:
- the fluffy roti (though the curry is on the runny/watery side!)
- nice crisp and juicy sambal beans =not soggy!!
- delicious eggplant dish, lightly browned on the outside and tender on the inside ...yummm! It just melts so you can even enjoy the inside of this without teeth! 
- the deep fried tofu with a sweet soya sauce dip was amazing! The tofu was so fresh, plump and soft on the inside and and crisp on the outside. 
Who ever was working their fryer tonight was on fire, seriously. No pun intended...kinda. :)

The pineapple chicken dish was nicely cooked through and the chicken was not tough and over cooked. The pineapple fried rice was fine and was the best for the kids who couldn't handle any spice. I don't usually order dishes in pineapple boats but the group enjoyed them. Most dishes have a bit of spice so best to ask if you're unsure. The squid was tender and flavourful...and was fine. 

Lowlight: I was underwhelmed with the clams, they were a bit mushy and drowned in a thick sauce. Our table ordered two of these dishes and the other side of the table loved them. So your gamble! 

Dessert time! 
- The warm Bubur chacha was amazing! Taro tapioca!
- The Goreng Pisang (deep fried banana with ice cream and whip) was nice but seemed to be a bit soggy. I'd ask for a knife and fork next time. But wasn't the best I've had. 
- The kids had the ice cream balls on the tabletop specials menu, coconut with mango centre's, but those are the decorated pre-made ice cream balls. A sure hit for the kids but nothing unique to this restaurant. 
- If you want a challenge and an interesting taste of Malaysia. Try the Ice Kachang. It's unique. I've added a pic. When I was in Malaysia on the Borneo side, we were offered this (by our hosts) as a Summer treat and all the local children gathered as well. What you don't see under the colourful shaved ice are the red beans, firm jelly, and corn! Yes that's right, corn. I ordered it for the nostalgia of it, but to be honest after the first bite you wonder...was this a mistake?...then you try again...and again ... think about...and it starts to grow on you. As weird as that may seem. I may not say it's my favorite ...but it's interesting! 

I'll be back and next time will try their: Laksa, beef rendang and mee goreng as those are our usual SEA restaurant staples. 

p.s. We parked a block away down 14th between Ash and Heather and was totally fine on a Friday evening. Don't let the parking scare you off. :)"
Food is good but a tad pricey when compared to its neighbours.  There are lots of asian restaurants in the area that serve fantastic food for a better price and with better service.  Good girly beverages, also a little on the pricey side.
"Came here for my brother's 21st birthday. We made a reservation for a table of 6 and also brought a cake into the restaurant. (Good thing they were open on Easter Monday!) 

For appetizers, ordered satays (two of each) and roti canai. 
Then, mains were duan pisang ikan pedas(fish on banana leaves), char kuey teow, pineapple fried rice, and thai red curry.

The appetizers were yummy! The problems that we had were figuring out which type of meat was on the skewers for the satays. 

Out of everything, I especially liked the pineapple fried rice, satays, and roti.

When the server brought the cake out... it was a little awkward because we didn't know when to sing and he didn't sing or cue us in... haha. Other then that, the dinner went well.
(The servers were very nice and gave us coupons at the end of our dinner!)"
Food never disappoints me! I have tried almost all their dishes and they're all delish! The service at times can get slow due to it being super busy. I asked for rice once and it never came. Other than that great dishes and great for large groups as well! My favorite would be the pineapple fried rice. I tried making it at home but just not the same. I wish they dug the pineapple in more and gave more rice!
"I love the Roti Canai here!  The soft and chewy type of flatbread is always a must order at Tropika.  

I usually visit the location in Richmond, but my friends and I decided to try out the Cambie restaurant again.  It's been around for years and I feel their service has always been consistently good.  I've never had a bad experience and I know I can count on delicious Malaysian food.  

I decided to try a new dish and am so glad I did.  It was the Acar Fish steamed with plum sauce and spices.  The fish was moist and flavorful without being too sweet.  Loved it and will order this dish again.  

I've actually never had a fresh young coconut before until now and it was refreshing.  They have a Fresh Young Coconut special on Thursday so take advantage!"
Came here for dinner and pleasantly surprised to find yummy malaysian food outside of new york. The chicken and beef satay was super juicy and tender. The indian pancake was good. But it seemed to taste like the frozen ones that you can buy at the supermarket and not made fresh ones that im used to. The hainese chicken was good. Nice amount of dark/white meat. Veggies was good. Lastly we ordered the fishcakes. It was decent just not what im use to from nyc.
Awesome food but service has change a little. I live 5 min away from Lansdowne mall which there is also a tropika, reason I come down here is the service but now kinda hesitating I will try Lansdowne this time and will see...
"I've been going to Tropika for years, mainly because my family members like this place.
Personally, I find that it's a very adequate restaurant. It's got good service, and food quality is alright, if you ignore how much your meal costs.

They make some pretty good curries, however their Pad Thai is somewhat dissatisfactory. My expectation of Pad Thais are simple. They need to be sweet/sour, and the noodles chewy. While Tropika has a good sauce, it's rather lacking in the noodle department. The noodles are hard and somewhat brittle.

They also make good beef briskets, which are definitely worth trying."
"Been here many times. The food is good, and the service is good as well. I've never been disappointed. Their crab stood out for us the one time we had it. Overall we've never managed to order anything that we were not happy with. 

From what I've heard this place is fairly authentic as well."
"Went here for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and the price.

They have a few selections for lunch specials so I'm sure there's something for you. My guy and I ended up getting the Assam seafood hot pot and the goat curry with Malay bread. We also got 6 skewers (the minimum amount) of satay lamb, beef, and chicken

The peanut sauce for the skewers were very nutty and delicious! The skewers were fresh and moist, although the size for this could have been a bit bigger.

The Assam seafood hotpot was huge! A lot of seafood (shrimps, mussels, fish, calamari, clams) as well as tofu and veggies. It was very flavourful anda came with rice.

My favourite was the lamb curry with Malay bread. The bread was something I've never tried - crispy on the outside yet soft and rich/buttery. The curry was excellent with big chunks of lamb.

I would definitely revisit again during lunch hours!"
Pretty good and pretty authentic flavors. I came here with my good friend and his wife, who is Indonesian. She vouches that the flavor is very good. I couldn't agree more. There are'nt many south east Asian places in the northwest (aside from Thai), so its a treat for me when in the Vancouver area. This would make for a great date place. Its always busy during the weekends, but the service is still decent. Nice ambiance and location.
"This used to be our go-to place for Malaysican/Singaporean cuisine.  However, it appears that the chefs have changed and the quality of the food isn't as good as we remembered.  For example, the roti, which used to consist of many thin layers of yumminess, that is crispy on the outside and soft and tender inside, turned out to be a disappointment in recent visits.  Instead of many thin layers, the roti was a clump of thick dough, which was difficult to chew and not at all what it supposed to be.

Assorted Assam Seafood Hotpot, another one of our favorites, was less than expected.  Soup was still delicious, but there was hardly anything in it.  Not good value for the price.

Sambal Bunchies, which we always order, was also disappointing.  The green beans tasted overcooked. And instead of large prawns, smaller shrimps were used.  Hmm...

What is worth ordering is the KL crab - so good and flavorful!  And of course, the service is very good there."
"Compared to all the other locations this one is probably the least touched location in terms of decorations and atmosphere.

However being as large as it is, it has been great for throwing large dinner parties with a big group of people.

The more people you have the more food you can try and everything on this menu has been tasty and delicious."
"I have ate at a lot of the other Tropika locations, but this was my first time to the Cambie location. We ordered many dishes and everything was really good, much better than I remember from the other locations. I hear that the Cambie location is the original, and that is probably why.  

I've been to Malaysia a few times and I would say that the food was quite comparable to what I had there, although of course there is less selection than Malaysia."
"Tropika's food is not ""authentic"" (it has been ""Hongerized""), but the chain is one of my favourite.  There are very few dishes here that they can't pull off.  Cambie is actually my favourite location, even though Robson is quite nice too.  With that said, parking isn't the best here, but there is usually a spot or two just W of the restaurant.

All of their sauces/curries are pure crack.  Mmm..

Malay Roti - quite bubbly and fresh.  Sauce (some type of curry?) is awesome.

Rendang Lembu - beef was cut nicely into bite-sized chunks. More beautiful sauce.

Chili prawns - the prawns are all large.  Sauce is good, but there was a bit too much of it.

Pineapple fried rice.  Tasty, but volume is a bit small.  They hollow out half a pineapple (bisected lengthwise), but the hollow is not that deep.  So there isn't *that* much rice inside.  Cleaning out the pineapple with a spoon is awesome though.

It's just a *little* bit pricey, but the food is freaking good. Recommended."
"Good but not great, though I'm not a connoisseur of fine Malay and Thai foods, so take all I write with a smidge of shrimp paste. 

Roti/Malay Bread;
Par for roti.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=n_chagXA6Nz8NTGu9KpKEA#Q4_UFuLe8rzQw4e1s1bwzQ

Satays;
We tried all the meats and the beef was the clear winner, though I liked the lamb as well.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=n_chagXA6Nz8NTGu9KpKEA#WpicyCM8BB7_bchx4WVEHA

K.L. Crab;
Once you go through the pain of getting the crab meat out of the shell, the flesh was nice and tasty. However, the full table thought that the dried shrimp that sat atop the shell was virtually inedible unless you took one tiny shrimp per large bit of anything else. Those little guys were just waaay too salty, and yes I know they're supposed to be, but what a waste putting that much out. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=ETK9wLYX4vhcm3bPf7P9ow#n_chagXA6Nz8NTGu9KpKEA

Pineapple Rice;
I love me some pineapple rice but this was not my favorite rendition. I think there wasn't enough spice or anything to really contrast the sweetness. I did enjoy scooping out the fruit at the bottom for an early dessert.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=ETK9wLYX4vhcm3bPf7P9ow#d2K827UgtPwC0yCEB8eDhA

Fish;
I don't remember exactly which fish on the menu it was, but damn that was some good fish! It was crispy on the outside, tender and flakey in the middle, and packed with flavor. I highly recommend pointing at this picture and ordering whatever it was.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=ETK9wLYX4vhcm3bPf7P9ow#fo5nqzfgk8J-aWK50I_2mA

Overall it was good. Not something I would go out of my way for but I wouldn't mind going back."
I always have a good experience at tropika either with my friends or family. My family used to celebrate Christmas eve here before going to midnight mass. I love the deep fried tofu, the fish, the curries, the vegies, the shrimp cakes, and the pastry bread they have.
"Your Southeast-Asian food utopia...

You can't go wrong coming here if you're looking for delicious Malay/Indo/Singaporean grub.  I don't think I've ever been disappointed with any dish that's left their kitchen.

Start with a Gado-gado salad.  It has their highly addictive peanut sauce and freshly fried tofu and potatoes.  I've yet to find a Gado-gado this tasty anywhere else, even in Indonesia.

Their satay skewers, although small are super flavorful, and somehow work with their canned pineapple pieces (which I normally despise) & their peanut sauce.

I'm a big fan of their curry beef brisket here.  It's Malay style, so it tastes more like a mildly spicy beef stew. My tip is always to pair it with their 'coconut rice' to maximize your flavor smorgasbord!

Their Singaporean fried rice noodles is always on point too... mildly dusted with curry, so you get a little heat.  
 
Roti is crispy, greasy but delicious here, and they give you ample curry sauce to dunk or douse it with.

I'd suggest coming here in groups of at least 4-6+, so you can just order more dishes and sample."
"it was also  my first time at this location.
i thought the service was meh.  we ordered quite a bit for 10 people and we had to double some of the dishes.  so while we were going down the menu to order, the waiter kept rolling his eyes at me, i totally did not know what his problem was. and when we were done ordering, he walked away shaking his head.  i dont know what i said or done wrong but isnt the customer always right? though i did not try to argue anything and just ordered off the menu.

the food was delicious! we ordered
- hainanese chicken
- roti
- beef and chicken skewers
- pad thai
- coconut fried rice
- pineapple  fried rice 
- mussels
- seasonal ""tong choi""
- hot and sour soup
- the beans and prawns
there was probably a few more dishes but i dont remember the names of it

the soup came first and the server, oh my goodness, he literally took 10mins to serve 9 bowls. my mom was soooo impatient with him we just told him to leave it and we'll take care of it ourselves.  i know he was probably a newbie but c'mon, how hard is it to scoop the soup in the bowls?

there was way to much food but we managed to just take the pad thai home because it was getting cold and nobody ate it.

overall, the food was delicious but the waiter that took the order ruined the experience.  i should of complained about him but it was my birthday and i didnt want to cause a scene so i left it at that."
"The wait staff is efficient, the restaurant appears clean, it's almost always busy and gets pretty loud at times. The food is delicious and the chicken satay is beautiful. I can't remember the names of most of the menu items, but that's OK. Tropika on Cambie's staff that will help you along so you can free up your table for the next diner waiting. 

I'll be back."
"The oldest location of the chain now, nicely located on Cambie Street, once you enter here, there is a nice little waiting area with a ton of polaroid shots attached to the wall of old patrons who have been here. Sure the colors from the photos are turning a bit yellow, but if you live in Vancouver, you may recognize some friends in the shots.

The place is roomy, with some nice big round tables, for parties of 10 plus. The menu is the same as the other Tropika's that you may have visited, which is always a good thing! The last time here, I ended up eating there fried chicken wings, spicy rice wraps, pineapple fried rice, and beef curry. 

The service was real good, as always when I come here. The food comes to the table piping hot, what you would expect from a restaurant of this quality. They also have fresh seafood at market price, and a good drink menu, which includes fresh cut coconut. 

The one advantage of this location, is the parking, as you can park along Cambie, a block down, just watch the sign of the times you are allowed to park. When your thinking of Malaysian food in Vancouver, this is one of those places that comes to mind."
I had a fantastic meal here! The Malay bread with dipping sauce was excellent. I tried a combination dinner with beef, chicken, and prawns. It was savory and well seasoned without overdoing the spices one bit. I had a fresh lime soda to wash it down and dessert was deep fried bananas and ice cream ...YUM!  Service was friendly, prompt, and attentive. I will be back!
"I came here so many times already.  Even though the restaurant always busy on weekend, the food and service still very good.

Satays - Beef and chicken are good, I love the peanuts sauce so much.
Malay Bread - The bread was ok.
Thai Prawn Cake - It's quite crunchy and tasty
Tahu Goreng Nyonya - Deep fried Tofu so smooth 
King Prawn Tung Yam Kung Soup - It's delicious and quite spicy. 
K. L. Crab - It's had a lot herbs and garlic stir fried crab.  It was very spicy but taste so good.
Thai Style Green Curry Chicken - The curry sauce was quite light, just ok.
Sambal Kang-Kong - Tung Choi - The vegetable was ok too."
"great quality / portion size.  I enjoy everything this place makes.  

Pad Thai is typical, yet a very tasty dish, best around I would say ( Thai house close )

Very good food, everyone who eats there seems to really enjoy it I find.

GO THERE!"
I really like this place and felt like it was the closest food I've had in North America to resemble Singaporean/Malaysian food. The Roti Canai was great and the sauce that came with it tasted really good. We ordered a noodle dish with seafood. Can't remember the exact name but it was good. We also ordered a drink: Chee Chee, which was coconut cream with pineapple and grenadine. It really was not that great. Avoid wasting money on that and try another appetizer instead. I would definitely go back to this place.
"Food is delicious. Service is above average. Parking is free (yay)

You must try:

1.Roti Canai ( Malay Bread )
2.Coconut Seafood Fried Rice
3.Pineapple Fried Rice with Ham and Chicken

Enjoy! :)"
Been to this location a few times as well as the Robson one. This one feels a bit more intimate. Anything I've ever had here has been very good. Service is prompt and food comes fairly quickly. I usually have sambal bunchies (green beans with prawns and tomato) and mixed satay with peanut sauce. The chcken green curry is good too and I always have this drink made with coconut cream and pineapple juice---SO good. I think the only thing I had here that I wasn't crazy about was the nasi goreng. I like taking out-of-towners here and anyone I have has really enjoyed it.
"Moderate price for good foods.
However, their pat tai is always not same. One day is very good and one day is very salty :(
Except that, it's good. 
Try seafood hot pot. its really good. 
Good for loud family too!"
My daughter likes their eggplant so I ordered that plus sweet and sour pork for my husband and I. Eggplant was good but the sweet and sour pork was not. I would describe it as how something would taste a day later, almost like it was an abandoned order that was reheated. The pineapples and vegetables were soft and the breading was very soggy. As I said, eggplant was good but maybe steer clear of the meat dishes?
This is a nice little place located on Cambie. We called in for dinner one evening. We got there about 5:30pm for an early dinner. There were barely anyone in there but around 6pm, there were quite a bit of people. The staff were really friendly and the place was clean. We ordered three dishes for two of us: spicy and sour soup, lamb curry and beef curry. We also ordered a small bowl of rice. The soup was quite delicious; the vinegar was very pronounced - I like it just like that. The bowl of soup is perhaps good for 3-4 people. Since it was a cold evening and we really wanted soup, we finished the entire bowl so by the time we were having our main dishes, we were half full. Both the curries were delicious - I loved the aroma of the lemongrass. The portions were very generous for $19 per bowl of curry. We ordered a small bowl of soup for about $11. We thought we had ordered too much food and we actually did. We took the rest home and had it for lunch and dinner the following day; so $60 for 3 meals for two sounded pretty good to us!
"Initially I was recommended to Tropika's Laksa so I headed on over there for dinner. But low & behold, they stop serving laksa after lunchtime, so keep that in mind ! 

Nevertheless, my friend and I decided to order the pineapple fried rice (served in half of a pineapple) and the daun pisang rendang fish. The fish dish was very flavourful but also super oily and salty. After the first few bites, the oiliness becomes quite off putting, so I recommend sharing it with 1-2 other people ! The Pineapple fried rice was a bit underwhelming and the pineapple fruit was still hard and sour."
"Food was 4 stars. Service, first 4 stars and later it turned 3 stars. 

All of sudden, it turned chilly day here. Yes, it's time for Laksa!  They have two types laksa : Singaporean or Curry. Also you can choose noodle type. Today's my order Singaporean with egg yellow noodle. For dessert, warm Bubur Cha Cha. 

I was bit surprised they have real seafood on top not like fish cake even the price was reasonable. Mussels, prawns and squids were big enough. Prawns were lack of flavor but squids were prepared very well. Coconut milk/broth ratio was just right. I'm very satisfied. 

About dessert, I don't know if the warm Bubur Cha Cha is not common but our server came back to our table to confirm and even we finished noodle, we had waited about 10 min to receive it. So I checked if they forgot our order. 

Anyway the dessert was so gentle and delicious. Sweetness and texture were perfect.

I will be back here again."
"One-line review: Mostly average, but better if you stick with the curries.

We had roti on the brain and went in search of a nearby restaurant, only to discover that it was closed during the day. We ended up at Tropika for the sake of convenience and well, roti.

We had:

Indonesian fried rice, which was one of the specials of the day. It was... alright but not special in any way. I violated one of my sacrosanct rules of eating out: NEVER order fried rice. The chicken satay skewers that came with the plate were decent; they came with a chili peanut sauce -- not really spicy, but tasty.

Lamb curry with Malay bread. This was a very plain option -- just curry and bread -- but it was the star of the table. The curry (which we ordered spicy) was mild to our taste -- and that's not a compliment. Nevertheless, it was hearty and flavourful, and we were glad to have ordered it.

The Mango salad, also a special. This was HORRID -- sicky sweet and drowning in some kind of dressing/sauce, this dish of thinly sliced mangos over a fairly standard diner iceberg lettuce/tomato/cucumber salad was virtually inedible. My wife stopped eating after the first couple of bites; I stuck with it and nearly finished it, just because I couldn't bear to leave a $12 plate mostly untouched. But in retrospect, I should have complained and tried to send it back. DO NOT ORDER. You've been warned.

I might give this place 4 stars if we had simply ordered two curry dishes (maybe one with rice, the other with bread) and left it at that. But given the quality of the other food, I'll rate it average.

Our server was not helpful; I asked a question (about what he'd recommend) and he basically didn't answer it. They did keep our water filled. Parking was free on the street, though I think there were meters around as well.

Bottom line: I'd come back here and stick strictly to the curry lunches. But even at that, I'm not anxious to get back here anytime soon."
"Came here on the weekend during lunch hours and tried their lunch specials. The prices are pretty reasonable during lunch so I can't speak to the main menu. 

Overall I thought the restaurant was a bit dead. The service was underwhelming and the decor seemed outdated. I overheard the table next to us asking questions about the menu and it seemed the sever was struggling to explain the dish to them or make alternative suggestions. I felt they were pretty generous with their seafood (got a good amount of shrimp in mine) but the flavour didn't have the punch I expect in Malaysian cuisine. Overall this place left a neutral feeling of ok food, ok prices, and ok service. Nothing stood out but also no real complaints. I might suggest this place for big groups if you're in the area but not really worth the commute otherwise."
If you love curry, you definitely need to try this restaurant. We tried their curry crab and beef, both very good, just like it used to be. Pineapple rice is kids' favorite, for me curry with rice is already good enough. They have a another restaurant in Richmond, but I like to go to Cambie one better. Next time need to try the spicy crab
"This is our family's favorite Malaysian restaurant. When we come, we always have to have the Pomfret with fried shrimp, Bak Kut Teh, Roti Canai, Curry Kambing, Satay Skewers. Once in a while we try something different just to see if we'll like it.  So far, we have not had any dish that we didn't like.

I wish they would bring back their branch at Richmond."
"This time I was with other Asian coworkers and let them order what they reccomend. 

I forgot the dish name but I really liked fried beans and prawns. They use tons of dried tiny shrimp in the sauce and it turned very delicious seafood umami in it. I could eat with only the sauce and steamed rice. 

The peanuts sauce with satay tasted very cinnamon. Somehow as I enjoy to discover which restaurant's peanuts sauce is the best,  this cinnamon taste was new surprising. And yes I love it. I use for anything even with roti too."
Great Malaysian and Singaporean restaurant.  Foods are quite authentic and delicious!  Portion is big so price is a bit on the high side.  Will definitely go back and try the other dishes.
Good atmosphere, good place to take out of town guests, coconut rice is good, Hananese chicken bone in not so good, rest of food is so so, nice place to eat and chat BC it is clean and nice decor, but the food portion is very small so not worth the money.  Not Chet quality of cooking.  Still a nice place to go for a sit down chat.
Food is ok. Service was good. Nothing too special.
On my hunt for vegan laksa, I tried Tropika and asked if they could prefer a vegan version of their curry laksa. They agreed after I peppered them with questions regarding what would be in it. The food came out in less than 5 minutes and was a huge bowl -- delicious noodles, with lots of different veggies, and tofu, with a tremendously spicy broth. This restaurant is generally on the more expensive side, but their laksa is well-priced at $11.50 plus tax. Service wasn't particularly friendly, but I appreciate the effort they made to alter the laksa to my standards. Recommended for vegans if you don't mind asking a dozen questions to customize your order. Delicious food.
"It has literally been years since the last time we dined at Tropika. Many years ago, this was one of the first Malaysian restaurants that we tried and we fell in love with the spices associated with SE Asian cooking such as Malaysian and Thai cuisine.

First up was some drinks to accompany our order of Roti Canai. Tropika makes a nice version of this with light and crispy yet chewy layers served with a curry dipping sauce.

The Fish Cakes that we ordered were tender and plump while the Pad Thai that we ordered turned out to be a spicier version than we're usually accustomed to.

We rounded out our meal with an assortment of Chicken, Beef, and Pork Skewers accompanied by a thick peanut dipping sauce.

We returned for a revisit 3 months later (before the coronapocaplyse shut down all dine-in options) and ordered a bunch of stuff... including Roti, Chicken and Beef Skewers, Pan-Fried Hokkien Mee ($17.95), and Pan-Fried Pomfret with Sweet and Sour Sauce ($20.95).

Skewers and roti here are always good and I like how meaty the beef skewers are. They expertly de-bone the fried pomfret at the table in front of you and that's always a fun thing to watch.

Fairly solid SE Asian eats at this long-standing establishment."
"Came by in a group of 11 for dinner on a Saturday night.  We do frequent another Malaysian establishment (BL) and it had been a while since I was last in Tropika.  The room is quite open and good for accommodating groups.  

We ordered several dishes which were hit and miss.  The highlights of the meal were the Roti Canai, the Chicken Satay and the Homestyle Chicken...the Lemon Chicken was not great (overly breaded which became soggy with the sauce) and the Sambal Kang Kong (one of my fav dishes) was overly cooked and it lost its flavour and colour.

The service was good and we were happy to find free street parking a block away...that is always good.

Gave it three stars as they accommodated our large group, the service was good and a few of the dishes were enjoyed by all."
"Salty
Expensive
Small portions
Found cold meat in hot curry sauce, so the meat must have been premade or left overs!
Will I return? Not for awhile."
"Tropika has been around for a long time if i remember correctly. They used to have many locations, but I think they closed some of them over the years.

Tropika has been one of my favourites, their dishes are flavourful and good place for families.

I always order their chicken satay, prawn cakes, pompano fish, pine apple fried rice and pork chops. I think those are my go to dishes.

Their roti is also not bad, but personally not my taste.

The restaurant used to get very busy and loud before covid-19. Service is very typical Asian restaurant, ie you have to flag down servers to get things. But food comes out fairly quickly and servers responds very promptly.

I hope they don't close more locations as it'll be a shame to lose this restaurant from this city's dining scene."
I was hoping to contact Tropika on Cambie in writing, but there is only a phone contact.  I have been eating at Tropika on Cambie for 10 years.  I have taken many family and friends to this restaurant as it is nearby my home.  I almost always order the Pad Thai.  I took 2 friends with me 2 weeks ago, and talked them into ordering the same.  When the meals arrived, the chicken was dark meat, not white, and in large curly chunks.  The chicken tasted and looked bad.  I asked the waiter why the dark meat and when it changed, and I was told a week prior.  We asked for an extra plate, and we all put our chicken on it and took it home to our dogs and cats.  I am very disappointed that I will have to go elsewhere for my Pad Thai; as it went from my MOST favourite in Vancouver, to my LEAST favourite.  I wish I could write to Tropika as a valued customer.
Tropika has always been good. Although I do miss the Aberdeen mall location.  This place is always busy. And service is not always good. But the food is so delicious. I love the satays. Beef is the best between chicken and pork. The hainese chicken is good but some may not like cold chicken. And there isn't much meat. But dippig it in the ginger and chili sauce makes it worth it. The green curry chicken is spicy so if you don't like spicy be cautious. And I love there rice. Coconut rice is so good.
"(In the interest of full transparency, this review is based on a delivered order via SkipTheDishes.)

I am a bit surprised by all the negative reviews here. I found the Hainanese Chicken quite flavourful and delicious (boosted by the rice), and the warm Pulut Hitam dessert quite impressively lovely (especially considering the aforementioned delivery).

I am very keen to visit the restaurant in person, and I'm hoping that I'll still have positive things to say later."
"I want to start with thank you to Chef Owner that bring this Cuisine to Portland and sharing us the amazing experiences. This place is real deal! I can tell that all dishes that they made they put lot of effort and loves in it. I went there on Wednesday night with my husband, we ordered the stater ""Roti Canai( Malaysian Style flat bread) served with coconut corn Parmesan dipping , it is so gooddddd!! It has little touch of spice in the dipping. We ordered the Singapore Chili Crab - they serve the Whole Dungeness Crab (Lot of Meat) for this menu what I want to say just you will cry later if you miss it ! It's bomb!!!! So good! We love the spicy of the crab sauce, sesame noodle and  the charcoal coconut bread on side that come with the crab. I also ordered the wonder juice( Fresh  turmeric , ginger, ...) it's non alcohol drink, totally love it! It's perfect pairing with our meal."
"I have little experience with this cuisine, but my wife and I went on a lark. Had 4 dishes -- 2 salad-appetizers, and 2 mains: a gado gado salad, and a roti with curry dipping sauce; the beef rendang and eggplant tofu. 

The roti salad and the rendang were the standouts -- intensely flavored and seasoned, but not so hot (spicy) that they were difficult to eat. (I have greater spice tolerance than my wife.) The roti salad was beautiful, the sauce was great, and the beef rendang was the high point. The eggplant tofu was unusual but excellent also; all were new experiences. I had only a beer so can't comment on the drink selection. Excellent, knowledgeable, courteous, and quick service. Bill for 2 with generous tip was $77, a good value. By the way, portions were huge; we brought much of the beef and eggplant home. We could easily have had 2 salads and one main, and been satisfied. 

One point -- the floor is polished concrete, benches are polished wood veneer, and the walls and ceiling are bare. The reverberation of noise is earsplitting, and for this reason alone I won't return until/unless this is rectified. The simplest of fixes -- broad, inexpensive Asian carpet on the floor, and long sheets of linen strung in bows from the ceiling--would ensure a more pleasant dining experience."
"Wow 
I discovered this unusual restaraunt while eating an ice cream cone on a hot June day in Portland. Gado Gado will be the new ""French Laundry"" Restaraunt in Portlandia. I was struck by the high energy of the staff as soon as I stepped in. Everyone is happy to be here and eager to share their exciting food. Thanks to Tom's Indonesian Chinese Grandmother we get to enjoy her tantalizing recipes. I loved my iced tea with spiced coconut milk and jasmine tea. I got to have the perfectly flavored smoked Char Siu ribs with a wonderful crunch scallion peanut slaw. Melt in your mouth ribs. Another guest raved about his Coca Cola Clams. I hope you get to stop in and share these flavorful dishes with your best friends. You will leave smiling."
Great food. Great price. The half pint liquor is a little over rated because they could definitely offer more/better options to flavor the drink but great that you can pour your own instead of waiting for them to bring over your drink. If there were to be a complaint about the place it would be that it took longer for my drink to come than my food that they have to cook. Always mind boggling to me when that happens.
Been meaning to drop by this joint. Didn't disappoint! The pork & crab mee goreng was executed so darn well. The candied anchovies were money. Don't skip out on the aromatic rice either, simply really well executed. Excited to visit again soon, hopefully with a group to do the rice table. Three thumbs up, if I had them.
"Food: 9 stars
Ambiance: Minus 9 stars.
Amazing food, but the place is all hard surfaces and the noise level was slightly beyond the pain threshold.  No way you could have a conversation - it was more like just scream as loud as you can and maybe your partner will hear you.  And with everyone doing that, you can guess what it was like.  Not relaxing...."
Phenomenal experience! Doesn't look like much from the outside, but a fun ambience on the inside. Incredible service, especially from Michael! They dealt with my child's spilled drink with grace and ease. Micheal gave recommendations and explained the portion sizes that matched our party size. The food was amazing; from the drinks to the chef's specials and finally the desserts! You have to try the Kaya cake!
"We tried their recently added brunch for the first time.  The place was empty so if you're tired of long weekend lines Gado Gado is an option worth considering.  Per usual, it's a few things great, a big miss item, and feeling unsettled as the portions are small, but prices are high.

The avocado/coffee slushy was a non-recommend, Pho Oregon perfects this combo drink so maybe I'm spoiled.  The two of us didn't finish the smallish portion, so that tells you something.

The three banana fritters with chocolate dipping sauce were delicious!  Maybe order last and end the meal on a sweet note. 

The Rendang sandwich is great on taste, but poor on execution. It's too tall to be a hand held sandwich or to cut into, so what you end up with a yummy mess.  If they could flatten it - make it wider - it would be greatly improved.

Lastly, the recommended Uni Toast was very good.  Once again, $15 leaves you shaking your head, but its a decent portion.

I sincerely hope they succeed as most of the dishes are very good, but I have doubts about their high price point, low portion, large staff model.  There's a fine line about feeling ""ripped off"", just right, and elated because of value.  I know a common complaint here is never feeling fully satisfied afterwards.  I don't scoff at high dollar meals, e.g., I consider the $59 prix fixe at Han Oak a deal.  If Gado Gado could increase portion size by ~10% that may move the needle."
Gado Gado is an excellent dining experience. Take a date! Well balanced cocktails, incredible food, and an inviting  atmosphere. Start with the roti and just keep going.
Excellent potato tempeh curry and lamb, nice atmosphere and quick service. This restaurant is worth checking out! My suggestions--clarify on the menu the level of heat and think about making the portions a little bigger.
"My family came in for dinner and ordered quite a bit. As a disclaimer, none of us had ever eaten Indonesian food, so my review is purely based off flavor and not authenticity. Since Gado Gado just opened, our expectations weren't that high since restaurants need to crawl before they can walk. To our surprise, all of our food came out at the same time maybe 15 minutes after ordering. Our waiter was also knowledgable about the food and could recommend portion sizes and certain dishes for the size of our party. Here's what we got, listed in order of the menu:

Chips & Dip - 3/5
The dip wasn't that flavorful -- mostly just a heavy mayonnaise taste. 

Gado Gado - 4.5/5
I have never had traditional gado gado before, but it was a fun and fresh dish to share. We got 2 for a table of 7 people and that was a perfect portion.

Shrimp & Pork Dumplings - 3/5
Probably one of the most disappointing dishes we had. Keep in mind that we thought most of the food was really good. Nothing too special about the dumplings so $14 for 5 small dumplings wasn't worth the price. The best part of the dish was probably the mushrooms garnished on top.

Chicken Bakmi - 3/5
Kind of difficult to share and by the time I got to eat it, the broth was already cold. Not sure if it started out that way or if I just waited too long. The noodles were kind of oily, so eating it with broth didn't seem right. My family thought that the broth was quite complex and good by itself though. If I came back, I would probably try this one again to see if my opinion changes. 

Beef Rendang - 5/5
Really enjoyed this dish -- the braised beef just melts in your mouth. The oil got overbearing in the end but I just tried to drain out as much as I could to get to the last pieces of beef. Oma's rice is SO GOOD, we got a couple more sides of it to share. They're $5 each, kind of a steep price, but it's very flavorful for what you get. 

Babi Kecap - 5/5
Also melt-in-your-mouth goodness paired with Oma's rice! It reminded me a lot of tht kho, one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes. 

Smoked Char Siu Ribs - 5/5
Once again, wonderfully cooked meat. The portions were also pretty sizable and definitely worth $14, unlike the dumplings. I would definitely order this one again. 

3 sambals - 4/5
Pretty bomb, but I docked down one star because it costs $5 for 3 small portions. Personally, we thought that condiments like these should just be complimentary."
"Gado Gado or Wajan? Wajan or Gado Gado?  You'll almost certainly hear this comparison when mentioning either.  I've been to each multiple times.  On authenticity, price, and ambiance it's Wajan, whereas, it's a tie on portion, drink selection and service.

Do remember that Gado Gado is Indonesian ""inspired"", they don't claim to be authentic.  Some of their dishes are very creative and maybe better than the authentic version.

Tonight we loved the punch cocktail and the Ice Cendol dessert.

But $22 for Rendang and $10 cocktail pours in a tea cup with heavy ice just sours me.  So I'll probably frequent Gado Gado once for every five times I go to Wajan."
"This is a fun and adorable place! I guess it is not an authentic Indonesian restaurant, nor does it claim to be. However, I think this results in a more interesting menu. I went for brunch and was delighted to find no wait. But this doesn't mean the food isn't good. I thought everything was perfectly seasoned. I literally wanted everything on the menu, which is a rarity for me. The avocado coffee was genius and I'm inspired to try making my own at home! I agree with other reviewers that the fried chicken bubur ayam was oddly lukewarm. The chicken was tasty, but would love to see a bigger piece in there! The Gado Gado was a tasty melange of savory, tart, and sweet elements. Bakwa consisted of four 2 inch squares of sausage that looked unimpressive but were very tasty, made me think of glorified Spam (which I love). If there was a dish I wouldn't have ordered, it's the halibut ceviche. It was good, but there was very little fish in it. 

While I was dining there, I was loving it, as the ambiance is nice--it's bright with a lot of pink highlights in decor and great unicorn art in the bathroom--the service is incredibly friendly and attentive, and everything tasted great. However, looking back on it, and the reason I took off a star, is price. Portions are a bit small and they skimp on the protein."
This is my favorite restaurant in Portland! Service is so friendly and helpful. The menu is constantly changing so I can always count on trying something new and I trust the kitchen enough to know it's going to be delicious. I really enjoy the non-alcoholic beverages they offer as well.
Incredibly delicious food and outstanding service! One of the best meals to date. Would recommend this place to anyone looking for savory delicious food- plenty of options for vegetarians as well. Chef Thomas is very welcoming and can really put together a delicious dining experience.
"I tend not to review places, but the food and ambience were fantastic. Definitely coming back.

This is the Bollywood Theater or Por Que No of Indonesian food."
Gado Gado reminded me a bit of pok pok in terms of spices and fresh ingredients. Everything I tried was fantastic with the exception of finding a clam that didn't open and turned out to be full of black gunk. We ordered the clams, a beef dish, the corn appetizer and halibut collar! It was all very delicious, flavorful, and fresh tasting. They are currently taking very precautious measures in social distancing serving your food to a platform just a couple feet away from your table as to not get too close to you while you eat. Will definitely return to try other items.
Love the lionhead (lamb) meatball noodle soup! Also the kayan cake is super delicious, has fresh fruit. Great service! Everyone is super friendly :)
"Yummmmmm. Gado Gado anyone? 

Gado Gado is an Indonesian dish which contains an array of vegetables mixed with a curry coconut sauce and an egg on top. Simple in ingredients, but complex in flavor. I can't quite pin point exactly what it is, but I know each ingredient is needed to complete this dish. 

It was packed on a Friday but it didn't take long before we got a 4 person table for two. 

They only had a one page menu, but everything on the menu we wanted. We ordered almost half of the menu and finished it all. 

Get:
- Soda clams: flavorful, lots of meat, good with starch
- Gado Gado: namesake appetizer, very unique, vegetarian 
- Peanut noodles: noodles are bouncy and loooonnnggggggg, good filling dish

Optional:
- Ceviche: sauce is amazzzzze, portion is small, good starter to meal

Skip: 
- Crawfish: 1/2 lb only, flavorless, pain to peel, no explosion in flavor

Although we didn't order any dessert, they had a shaved ice dessert that looked perfect for a hot summer day. We'll definitely come back and try the $60 dungeness crab ....... MAYBE."
My dad wanted to try this place out, so it was both of our first time coming here. I had a feeling the portions were going to be a bit smaller. We started simple, the shrimp pork dumplings and they were really good. The seasoning and flavor, I can tell the dumplings weren't store bought either, thank god. I would love to come back here and order multiple dishes, that way I won't leave hungry haha. Pretty clean place, the random art hanging on the walls, the bathroom has kind of psychedelic feel lol. I'll be back haha.
The food is great and the menu full of unique in Portland dishes. If they'd just turn the music down or off so you could have a conversation it'd be perfect
"Thank the lord for this place. 
Hands down the best breakfast I have had in...my life? At least a lot of years. 
Uni Toast. Uni Toast. Uni Toast. UNI TOAST. UNI TOAST. UNI TOAST. 
Get that. And get a side of Bakwa (thin patty of caramelized sausage food) and a Frozen Avocado Coffee. You will never be able to look at a Frappuccino again. 
Please never ever leave our whitewashed neighborhood. We need you."
"Great food, drinks and service. We had a party of four and everything was great. We had the beef randang, pork belly, blood sausage corndog, gado gado, ribs and more. I would order everything again, especially the ribs. Next time I plan on doing the 'Rice Table' tasting menu. 
10/10 highly recommended."
"We came here for brunch this past weekend curious to try something new. It's a good thing we had a larger group as we were able to try out a majority of their brunch menu. The mimosa carafe was pretty refreshing as you could tell the oranges were fresh squeezed. Items ordered included:
- Halibut ceviche- the dish look nice,  friends thought it was decent
- Tropical Fruit Rujak - almost like a mixed fruit sampler, more of a dessert dish. Definitely refreshing. 
- Chinese sausage and shrimp dumplings - freshly made dumplings that was a hit with the group.
- Roti Telur - more of a stuffed flatbread with cheese, egg, and spinach. Definitely was tasty and went well with the side of lamb curry as a dip.
- Pandan waffle puff - a pandan infused waffle with some fresh berries, condensed milk, and like crunch berries  (reminds me of captain crunch cereal). This is more of a sweet dessert. The dish was pretty good especially when you take a bite with all of the ingredients.
- Ayam Goreng - boneless fried chicken with a coconut and curry marinade. Another group favorite. The chicken was super flavorful and we ordered another one.
- Foie toast - toast serves with a cup of foie mousse and berry preserve. It's important that you eat the toast with both of the spread. 
- Uni toast - friends thought it was good, but didn't see much of the uni in the scrambled eggs.
- Fried chicken bubur ayam - congee with corn and Chinese donut with fried chicken on top; I liked the flavor of the congee and it went well with the fried chicken pieces.
- Red braised pork noodle soup - the noodle soup was flavorful and the chicharon gave a good crunch to go along with the smoked shank.
- Sizzling crab noodle soup - comes in like a clay pot with a hot coal on the bottom to keep the soup warm; friends thought it was ok and needed more crab in the omlette.

Overall,  a pretty cool spot to try a more unique take on brunch. The service was very friendly and attentive. The decor is simple and gives you a slight cozy feeling."
Great service, interesting menu, flavorful food. I will go back and try other things.
"I will start by saying that the originality and flavors were ON POINT! But, I found several things to be desired in terms of service. The two of us ordered the rice table which is their version of a tasting menu for 55 pp. After the second round of dishes I found it to be repetitive and not a good representation of the menu, which I would expect from a tasting menu. For example, tempeh twice, but no noodles dumplings or fish, which were represented well on the regular menu. The pacing of the meal was extremely fast and I think one to two of the main dishes such as the curry or beef (cheeks?) at a time vs. 3-4 dishes would have been better to allow focus on different flavors. Small rice bowls instead of flat plates would have been appreciated as many of the dishes were saucy. I felt that with so many dishes on the table and scooping them onto your plate, flavors melded together and it was hard to differentiate what you were tasting. 

The dessert, Cendol which consisted of shaved ice, red bean, pandan noodle, etc was yummy but I strongly felt that it should have been served in individual portions in a parfait glass or small bowl instead of a huge noodle bowl. The dessert is shared so you have a big soupy bowl in the middle of the table and it was very messy as you were essentially spooning soup with slippery noodles from halfway across the table. 

Other little things like the leftovers that were taken to be packed up had to be asked for after the check, and it seemed like the server forgot about. As well as an incorrect drink order. Normally not a big deal but there was a lot of hype around this place after being on the cover of Portland Magazine. Server seemed overwhelmed- I noticed the people seated next to us mentioned missing dishes. 

Overall just small kinks that can be worked out over time, and this place has the potential to be really awesome. For $150 for two people, smooth service and small details go a long way and are 100% expected at that price point."
The food has tons of flavor and it is very unique. The service was friendly and helpful. The best thing we had was the tequila mixed drink with turmeric and coconut. The beef tongue as an overall dish had a nice, but very pungent and strong flavor, in addition to the heat. I like tongue but found it odd to eat cold and sliced so thin. Would not order again. The Gado Gado was delicious but the presentation was incredibly unappetizing. A pile of vegetables with the peanut sauce dumped in the middle. The Prawn mee was fantastic, but for $22 would have liked more than 8 tiny shrimp. The pork jowel was very tasty but also very fatty, so at times it was like I had to choke down huge chunks of fat. I didn't have anything that made me want to return, but regardless I'd recommend a visit to try something out of the ordinary.
This was my first time having Indonesian food, or more specifically, a rice table. This is an elaborate Indonesian meal that consists of small side dishes supplemented by rice. It was a little on the pricey side, BUT I would say it worth the splurge PLUS you definitely get your money's worth in terms of food quality and volume.  They do asks about food allergies, so if you have any just let them know!  I don't even know how to describe the different dishes. Many different salads, meats, satay, dumplings, etc. The waiter did mention that the dishes are constantly changing, so the pictures here may not be representative.  Ambience was great - cute wall paper and pictures of the owner and origin story of this place. Pro tip: come VERY VERY hungry if you're going to go all out for the rice table. Highly recommend!
"Grabbed dinner here with some friends. Had zero reservation (don't think they take any) and we were seated immediately (group of 4). 

My favorites were the dumplings!, beef cheek coconut curry, and roti canai (flatbread you dip in yummy creamed corn). We also ordered the fried chicken and grilled halibut but both were too spicy for me. Keep in mind though my spice tolerance is veryyyy low. 

The grilled bread with coconut butter is pretty much a yummy garlic bread. 

Hope you enjoy!!"
The hype about Gado Gado is everything you should believe and more. This unassumingly medium sized restaurant sits in an LA style strip mall next to a Baskin Robins, however once you smell the aromas from this quaint Indonesia parlance you'll be hooked. The wait time was a bit too long but hey, I'm from the east coast, we hate waiting for most things. Every thing I ordered from the crispy shrimp noodles to the dumplings, cold peanut noodles and curry were spot on! The flavors were bright, spicy and filled with so much flavor that I didn't want that mouth feeling to go away. So, I ordered the coconut cake, it was such a treat and I rarely order dessert. All and all my least favorite moment was the wait time, but I've lived in PDX for a while now so waiting in lines is something I've come to either expect or learned how to navigate.
"Grabbed dinner here with some friends. Had zero reservation (don't think they take any) and we were seated immediately (group of 4). 

My favorites were the dumplings!, beef cheek coconut curry, and roti canai (flatbread you dip in yummy creamed corn). We also ordered the fried chicken and grilled halibut but both were too spicy for me. Keep in mind though my spice tolerance is veryyyy low. 

The grilled bread with coconut butter is pretty much a yummy garlic bread. 

Hope you enjoy!"
So glad I tried this spot tonight! Hands down, one of the best desserts I've ever had. Coconut Pound Cake w/ cardamom cream. Eat it following Oma's aromatic rice (so good I got another order for take away) which was fluffy and you could taste the coconut milk ever so lightly. Prices are a tad high but it was a lovely meal and experience.
Holy shit was this place good! Went with good friends and their adventurous eating son. We all did the $55 chef menu and it was a ton of food. Everything was fantastic. There was probably 12-14 courses and we were all stuffed! I've not had much experience with Indonesian food but the best way to describe it is Thai and Chinese influences. I will be going back for sure. The vegetables in dishes were all in season and very good. The meats were fantastic too. There was not one thing we disliked. This place is going to be a star in this city. Can't wait to go again.
The food is excellent and filling. You don't need to order many dishes. Restaurant has an informal and pleasant decor. My only nit is having to shout to be heard, even at a small table.  It's super loud at dinner time.
"Go now before this place is mobbed. Gado Gado is the type of unique restaurant that Portlanders flock to like ants on a pile of shaved ice, corn, red beans, strawberry syrup and jackfruit, which is - surprise! - a thing you can actually order here. 

You'll find Indonesian, Malaysian, and Chinese influences on the menu, blended whimsically with a refreshing middle finger to the nail-biting gatekeepers of ""authenticity."" Was the roti canai just like the dozens I scarfed down in Malaysian food stalls? Nope. Way better. Keep that coconut creamed corn sauce coming! Our table ordered the namesake gado gado, cumin lamb cheung fun, sesame peanut noodles, and wok-fried crawfish, and only the latter was anything less than spectacular. Not bad, just not as distinctly unforgettable as the rest.

The portions were generous, the service was friendly, and the bill was reasonable. The only gripe I can offer is the church-pew-stiff seating in the booths, but you'll need it for your posture after you get done stuffing down that extra roti. (You will order extra roti. Trust me.)"
Flavor is right on! Being an Asian descent, my biggest peeve for me is when Asian dishes comes in small portion and overpriced that left us still hungry after paying $80 for two adults?!. It would be a better experience if portions are made a bit bigger or lower the price .
"I want chicken, I want liver, Gado Gado will deliver. 

For opening week, this place wasn't busy at all. We had a group of 6 so we decided to be nice and share our meals. We ordered Chicken Bakmi, Coca Cola Clams, Soft Shell Crab, Aromatic Rice, Beef Randang and the Duck Salad. The clams tasted so good it made my heart skip a beat. The rice is worth every cent of the $5 price. You'll want a bowl to yourself or you will fight to the death to get it. Skip the duck salad & soft shell crab, they did nothing to excite my tastebuds. You will leave this place feeling happy, not crabby. 

Good luck little ducks!"
Delicious! Ordered 4 main dishes, several zero proof cocktails, and all 3 dessert options. Next time I would order at least 5 to 6 main courses for 4 people. Entrees are not big. Pork belly dish was our favorite. Get sides of rice too. Absolutely perfect seasoned yellow rice. 'Hulk' zero proof cocktail is really good. I had to wrestle it away from my teenager. Ribs come 4 to a plate. Next time I'd order 2. We ate them way too fast. Not a cheap place but not too pricey. Truly, everything was fantastic and great service! Can't wait to return!
Only been once but I will definitely be back. Love the food! The Sumatra Beef Rendang was delicious; and I am one who isn't a big fan of anchovies whatsoever but I couldn't get enough of it.
Ironic to the point of moronic.   The 70s chic is over the top.     The mismatched thrift store plates are 'interesting'.   The  bathrooms are less than kid friendly.  The food was mediocre at best.   The portion sizes are small. But probably perfect for the hipsters who want to spend 115 dollars on dinner and still look like they are starving.  Not a ton of flavor.   I would say just  a lot of papers to cover up the lackluster ingredients Surely not worth the price..   The music was loud.... and being played on a turntable.   I lived through the 70s.   Let it go already.    The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the wait staff.   They were great    Very responsive.   Unfortunately even with excellent service the food and the vibe will prevent me from going back.
"My friend and I came on a Thursday night around 6:30 with immediate seating. 

The first thing I noticed was their chairs. The middle of the chair seems so fragile, like I was going to break it and fall through, so I switched to the seat next to me that had a pillow on top and I think the pillow was there because the chair did break!! They do have booths so I am definitely asking for that next time.

We ordered the Chinese sausage and shrimp dumplings to start off and it was so good! I would say the dish is comparable to the spicy wonton at Din Tai Fung. If the dough was a little crispier and there was more sauce, it would be perfect. It is pretty spicy as well. 

The twice cooked spare ribs was another favorite of mine. The meat was tender and the sauce was what really made the dish. It says shrimp paste in the description but the sauce tasted like peanut. The last dish and one I wouldn't order again is the pork and crab mee goreng. The noodles were way too soft and felt overcooked. There wasn't much flavor to it and I could barely taste any of the meat. The more of the goreng we ate, the saltier it became. 

Another thing I noticed (not sure if I was more aware since I read reviews prior to coming) is how loud the establishment is. There was plenty of seating when we arrived but it sounded so much busier, I could barely hear the music. By the time we were done and the place was actually busy, it was way too loud. My friend pointed out that it was likely due to the materials in the building, like the cement floors and ceilings that amplified the sound and pointed out what Gado Gado did to try and minimize the sound. I can't imagine how loud it would be if they didn't do that."
I'm a vegetarian, bordering on vegan most days, and even though there were only a couple menu options that appeared to be veg, the staff was quick to provide me with options for other dishes that could be made vegetarian/vegan as well. Even so, still fewer options than if I were to eat seafood or meat, but what I did eat was absolutely delicious! Definitely ask for options if you are veg/vegan. I shared with my table a vegan version of the Gado Gado, the tempeh and potato curry, and the roti. The table also got other non veg dishes. I loved loved the food, which has a lot of really interesting combinations of flavors and will definitely come back again soon just for these dishes alone! Also, the gin/matcha cocktail was super yummy :)
"Good food. Great service (michael or mike or mikey? was our server). He explained well without being preachy. He was relaxed and attentive  even though the place was busy. He took his time with us. Checked in at perfect timing. He was as good as the food. 

The rendang was very good, but the portion is small for e price considering that it doesn't come with any sides or vegetables. The yellow rice is good too. 

but I wouldn't call it rendang. It's definitely an Indonesian dish, a beef curry of some sort, but it's not rendang. Yes, there are many versions of rendang, but this one doesn't hit the core criteria of what makes a rendang RENDANG. It's actually kinda like rendang that's half way to being rendang. 
Mushy and runny. While actual rendang is not supposed to have the texture to pulled pork. 

So that part is disappointing (if you already know and have expectations of what rendang actually is). If you don't, then you'd enjoy it. 

Bakmi was great portion and excellent. I would even say it's authentic. 
The sambals are pretty good. 

I would DEFINITELY go again to try out their other dishes. 
But probably won't go too often because of the price and portion. 

I still highly recommend it though."
"This place was awesome, I solidly loved everything that went into my mouth and all the portions were super easy to share with friends. We had the shisito peppers (so good), dumplings (still dreaming of them), the bread/pancake thing whose name I don't remember (seriously consider getting a stack), and a few other items I remember being tasty but no details. Oops.

Also I'd like to note that this place, like so many others, is also offering some no-ABV cocktails at the bar. Let me just say, I had the one with pandan (a plant-- has sort of a nutty/vanilla flavor and great aromatics) and it was AWESOME. Not just a juice-soda combo. I wanted a second one. How often do you hear yourself say ""yeah, hit me with another non-alcoholic beverage?"" at a pretty legit bar? So if you don't drink but really don't want a soda-- they've got you covered. The stuff *with* alcohol was also tasty just for the record."
Cute spot, good service & drinks. But food was on the saltier side... My fave dish was the roti & curry. But the servings are on the smaller side...
"As a long time fan of Indonesian food (I lived in Indonesia for several years), seeing a new Indonesian restaurant come to Portland after the passing of the Batavia food cart was a welcome pleasure. Finally got the time to enjoy a meal there, here's what we had.

Three of us came around 6:30, were seated immediately. Menus and water were given, and we ordered a couple of beers.

Between the three of us, we ordered the appetizer of shrimp dumplings. They were tasty, in an interestingly tangy and aromatic vinaigrette, with some oddly hard peas.

Dinner was rendang, short ribs, and the tempeh and potato curry. All three of these dishes were spot on in flavor, although I don't recall ever seeing short ribs during my travels in Indonesia.

At $83 (plus tip) I can't honestly say that we got value for our dollar. While the food is, for the most part, quite tasty, it's horribly overpriced for the offering. Regardless, coming back isn't completely off the table..."
it's definitely a combo of Chinese Indonesian food. they have a great food! I like the noodle + eggplant with lamb. I also like the corn on the cendol (dessert). the rendang is a little too salty for me, even if I eat it with rice. The yellow rice also my favorite!
"Service, food, drinks, and atmosphere were all fantastic. The only dish we didn't love was the spring onion dip as it was a little too mayonnaise-like. But the chips were great; would love to try them with the samba trio instead. 

Beef Rendang was outstanding -- every bit of it, all the flavors and textures
Gado Gado was a funky mix with great flavor
Dumplings are addictive with such a great shrimp-pork balance and so much flavor
Coconut Creamed Greens were super tasty, just wish I'd remembered to order it earlier as it would have been great with the rice. 

We also tried 2 cocktails and a mocktail. The food came faster than the drinks! But it was all reasonably timed and worth the slightly pricier Monday fare. 

So much flavor, color, texture -- we will be back over and over! Welcome to the neighborhood!"
"Nice to have something new and different in Hollywood. After much anticipation my wife and I tried Gado Gado for dinner. It was surprisingly busy on a Tuesday night. I love Indonesian food and found the flavors perfect. The twice cooked ribs were finger licking good. My wife's pea shoots with shrimp was mildly spicy and delicious. 

The cocktail list is unique and I found the gin, lime and cucumber mixture (can't remember the name) very refreshing. 

Only complaint was the noise. It's a big open space and can be very noisy when there are a lot of diners."
Fantastic restaurant! Really could not decide what the best dish was. We had the Beef Rendang, Roti Canai and Kaya Cake. Up there with best restaurants in Portland. Atmosphere reminds me of the original Kachka. Highly recommend!!
Fabulous food flavors meld together in the most delicious ways.  The Gado Gado salad was unique in flavor and texture.  The tempeh and potato curry was excellent and it included Oma's rice. We finished with the pork and crab noodles.  It was a great way to celebrate our anniversary. With a unique and exotic dinner!!
Really interesting and good tasting food. Waiter was kinda talkative but in a good and entertaining way. Eat there
I've lived in Portland for close to a decade and have long awaited an Indonesian restaurant, so I was so pleased to come here.  I loved the beef rendang, which was tender, well-reduced, moist, and slightly sweet.  Caveats: $22 is expensive, although it is time and labor intensive to cook this dish; it is also not Sumatran style (dryer, more spicy) so will not appeal to some people.  Chef Thomas is teaching his assistant(s) to make it according to his exacting specifications, so I hope the standard is maintained.  Yellow rice with crunchy topping was tasty and fragrant.  Gado Gado was tasty with peanut-y sauce, with authentic shrimp crackers, but don't expect the same version from Indonesia / Singapore; veggies used are different.  The chef told me that many tastes will be familiar to SE Asians but there is a fusion aspect to the dishes.  $7 Cendol dessert was yummy, as was the $5 Incredible Bulk cocktail.  If you want more traditional Indonesian, try Wajan.
Came for traditional malaysian breakfast. We had the duck curry, beef, coconut rice and panden waffle. Everything was delicious with complex flavors. Service was nice, there was an open kitchen and cute hipster asian decor. The brunch menu was a little limited and not cheap but still good.
"Gado Gado's brunch is the perfect non-traditional weekend brunch, if that's what you're looking for. Having tired of the typical omelette, Benedict's, and breakfast fare, we set out to try something different.

We came to the right place. If you still want your eggs and toast, get the uni toast which is a perfect compromise. The slow scramble eggs had the perfect texture to go along with the uni butter, scallions, and nori. The crab noodle soup stood out as another dish that might shine, but fell short on the crab flavor. The Chinese sausage & shrimp dumplings had potential, but also were a bit disappointing when it came to the flavor.

We'd still definitely come back for that buttery uni toast. We would've loved to try the kaya toast had we not already ordered the uni toast. Oh, we also tried the avocado iced coffee. It's interesting - not sure if I liked it or not..."
"I have to admit, it is a little strange visiting the Gado Gado location because I've known it as My Canh Vietnamese for so many years. But the breath of fresh air Gado Gado has brought to this part of Hollywood is greatly appreciated. The bar and dining area have been wonderfully remodeled and decorated, and patrons are in for a special treat.

I love Rendang, an Indonesian beef mixture cooked in coconut milk and spices. The meat is usually tender and slightly caramelized, and tastes absolutely delicious! Gado Gado offers a Rendang sandwich with a fried egg, pickles and crispy potatoes. The sandwich is really good, though slightly salty. The pickles balance the flavor somewhat. The sandwich is a little cumbersome and difficult to eat gracefully, but the presentation is top-notch.

The waitstaff are very friendly and patient, which I appreciate since many people are unfamiliar with Indonesian cuisine. I can't wait to try more dishes here in the future. The dishes coming out of the kitchen while I was waiting for my food looked amazing!"
"Even though Indonesia is the fourth largest country by population and CNN once rated Rendang the world's ""best food"", the culture and its cuisine are relatively unknown in Portland.  Gado Gado can put it on the map even though they didn't set out to be an authentic Indonesian restaurant.

Our experience at Gado Gado was mixed.  The service was stellar: Michael was very knowledgeable about the nuances of the cuisine and authentically seemed like he valued our opinions.  And the two others who tended to our table were very friendly.  Lastly, service speed was efficient.

We started with the delicious Incredible Hulk, a non-alcholic mocktail: different (I think there's Pandan in it), a good value for $5.  And the cocktail selection looked very inviting and with reasonable price points.

They knocked it out the park with their version of Rendang, one of the best in recent memory (save our homemade version.)  What's off-putting is the very steep $22 price tag.  What's odd is that their online menu indicates $19, yet they've only been open for one week.  I eat this dish when traveling to L.A., Vancouver, Seattle, and Amsterdam, and don't remember it that high.  The portion seems more fitting for one, but two is doable.  Yet, the rice portion is small and not enough for two.  If you want more rice, it will cost you $5.  Charging for rice feels like nickel and diming, but then again, their rice is not plain white, but spiced yellow.  And it's very good.  

On that note, You want sambel (a condiment), well there's a charge for that.

The Banana Leaf Duck Salad just didn't do it for us.  Whatever made it crunchy dominated the dish.  I didn't taste any of the effects of the banana leaf.  A fair portion though.

The Roti Canai was also a slight miss: the creamed greens reminded me of and Indian dish.  Great idea in theory, but it's very difficult to scoop the greens with the bread.

And the big miss was the Coconut Pound Cake.  This one just seems like it's trying too hard, the flavor medley didn't work.  The pound cake itself is nice and moist and the price was reasonable.

Based on one visit, this is 3.5 Stars, the Rendang gives it the edge.  Portland-ized versions of classic cuisines seem to work (see Tacovore), so Gado Gado should do well.  I'm curious of what the purists will think, I'm guessing mixed to not impressed.  Yet, they are probably not the target audience.  In the end, the owner and staff seem like nice folks and their aesthetically pleasing venue is a great addition to the neighborhood."
This one was just OK for me. Might just be my personal preference, but that's what yelp is all about right? The food has a lot of flavor and a lot of heat. If that's your jam then you are all set, if you are like me and heat isn't your favorite then you are screwed. They aren't able (or willing) to adjust the heat on any of the dishes. The portions are small to medium, so not a lot of room for sharing, you will need to order per person. The wine pours were generous, but at $11 a glass I would hope so. I enjoyed my meal, but I don't think it's a place I would rush back to visit.
We have been wanting to try Gado Gado for a while and we were not disappointed. Great service. Highlights of our meal were: the smashed cucumber and melon salad (addictive sauce); the dumplings; the laksa soup (a special, I think -- insanely good); the beef cheek curry (a substitute for the rendang); and the aromatic rice. We were a little underwhelmed by the Gado Gado Salad. Overall, we were super impressed and will definitely be back.
"Wow!  WOW!

Food is off the charts great.  As I opened the front door--the smells from the kitchen knocked me out.  My mouth began to water...

The menu is a fusion blend of local foods and family recipes that connect Indonesian, Chinese and Portlandia flavors.

Each dish was gorgeous, each flavor profile interesting and complex.  Oma's rice, alongside the grilled veg with pickled turnips was perfection.  The Char Siu Ribs--yum!
The grilled quail with pickled rhubarb--crispy, tender with this veg that was hot, floral and deep.

Great ambiance.  Simple with cool touches.  Like the pink Buddha and Oma's family oil painting.

Also--must try the peanut-infused bourbon.  Was too stuffed to eat dessert.  Next time.

What a find!"
"Wow! This place is AMAZING! My new favorite! 
I am only angry that I didn't know of it before today, and a little sad that I probably won't eat at any other place ever again. Thankfully my wife fully agrees. 
Mind blown!"
Loved trying Gado Gado's pop up events now they have a permanent home in the Hollywood area. The expanded menu changes frequently.  Tons of tapas style sized portions to share, extensive cocktail list and dessert options.  Tried the duck salad (had good amount of heat from the chili's) fish head curry (deep and saucey) , pork belly braised, gado gado veggie mix, turmeric rice, chow fun noodles and a variety of sambal sauces.   Dessert was great. orange and cardamom fried donuts, strawberries and cream with a slice of shortcake, also cendol, a shaved ice with coconut milk, jellies, and red beans. it's perfect for cooling the spicy food.  As stated in other reviews the portions aren't huge, it may not be 100% Indonesian but there's a fusion and creativity going on.  Great spot to try with a larger party so you can share dishes.
"This month my brunch bunch went to Gado Gado. I was a little put off by the menu, honestly nothing much sounded all that good. I put those thoughts aside and reminded myself that several of my friends have gone back several times because they loved the food so much.
I loved the breakfast sandwich ($13), it was so tasty, not one thing I would change. The pandan waffle ($11) was excellent as well. 
Portions are smaller than many restaurants serve but the food is packed with flavor. The decor is fun and fanciful. The servers are kind and helpful."
"BEST DINING MONTH MENU! 

There was literally nothing that was ""meh"" out of the 5 dishes we had (yes 5 dishes on their dining month menu!). The salad appetizer had the right amount of spice, the beef satay was cooked perfectly and fell off the stick, and the potato ball with roe was seasoned with the most interesting spices and super fluffy on the inside. Out of all the dishes, the potato ball was my favorite! For the main course, we had the BEST chicken curry and rice.  The chicken was moist and the curry tasted like a bowl of love. I would come back just for their popular coconut rice that came with the curry. And the dessert was not too sweet and a perfect portion for 2. 

I'm so impressed with this restaurant. Usually when there's a lot of hype I think the food falls flat, but not here. I will definitely be back soon!"
Excellent food. Wonderful heated and covered patios. Can't ask for better during covid. While I wouldn't call it Indonesian (I am), it brought back memories of my years in Singapore because I felt it's closer to Singaporean malay and peranakan food with some twist.
"Service: Staff was very nice and they have one of the best COVID set up for a resturant I have seen. Food comes out at a decent pace and 

Food: Great flavors and spices. Not something you taste often and the dishes were all unique. The clam laksa was really great and the garlic pieces in there was awesome. Roti was great. Rolls had a nice texture, but lack some salt. 

Portion: Roti was very limited and had a small portion for its price. Everything else is reasonable. Not the best value. 

Price. going to be spending more then 15 per person."
We dined on their COVID-19 safe patio last week and it was a great set up. All servers were polite, respectful and able to keep 6 ft from you throughout your meal. The food was DELICIOUS, the roti + sauce is to die for. The reason for the 4/5 stars was due to the price to portion ratio... It's a bit disheartening. Other than that, I highly recommend.
"Finally had a chance to visit this place. I came here for their Portland's dining month's menu and it was incredible! Hands down some of the best meals I've had in Portland.

The menu was generous with 3 appetizers (the Beef Satay, the Ketoprak, the Pelakar), a hearty Omor Ayam entree, and Kaya Cake for dessert.

The Pelakar was a small fried dutch potato ball with trout roes on top. It was crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside. The trout roes paired surprisingly well with the warm potato. The Beef Satay was super flavorful and perfectly cooked; it was soso soft. I wish we could get more than just one skewer each. Lastly, the Ketoprak is a noodle salad of sort served with delicious peanut sauce and crispy shrimp crackers. All the appetizers were amazing.

For the entree, the Omor Ayam was essentially chicken curry with potatoes and a soft boiled egg. However, it was certainly not your average ""curry"". The curry itself was somehow creamy, hearty yet drinkable; I did drink it all up. It was slightly sweet in the most comforting way a savoury dish could be. The chicken drumstick was cooked to perfection and the side sambal packed a punch of spice and saltiness. The aromatic rice that was served with the curry was flagrant and soft; when will I ever be able to cook rice that well, I wondered.

The Kaya Cake was a fusion piece of dessert. The sponge cakes sandwiched a layer of lovely kaya (pandan custard) and were drizzled with marmalade. I really enjoyed the kaya; it's a flavor I really miss and they made it so delicate. 

Fun vibes, great food, and great service. I'd so love to be a regular here!"
"Came here back in February because we had gotten a gift card to try the Rice Table (Tasting menu). 

While I dont remember all the dishes, its practically a little bit of everything from the menu. Boy, when the menu says come hungry they arent kidding. I remember there was SO MUCH FOOD. 

One of the dish I remember was the curry, it was So flavorful and delicious. 
I hope Gado Gado makes it through and we can come back and do the rice table again, hopefully with a large party!"
"Holy carp! Midway through our first meal at Gado Gado, my friends and I were already planning our next return. There's a dearth of Indonesian food in Portland, and Gado Gado stands out not only for its inventive and punchy flavors, but for their masterful execution of Indonesian classics. 

A group of six, we went mostly family-style. (One of our group didn't eat seafood so ordered his own dishes and another didn't eat pork so she only partook of a couple of the items.) Most of the dishes we ordered were split between four people. Serving sizes are on the smaller side, so everyone got a few bites of each dish, which was fine as we ordered a ton of things and got to sample a bit of everything. 

Every new bite was met with oohs and aahs and a few aahhhs as well as those more sensitive to heat bit into a birds-eye chili. (You gotta have some level of spice tolerance to dine here as the kitchen is not afraid to bring the heat.) We ordered the green papaya salad, the regular dumplings plus their Dumpling Week offering, the blistered shishito peppers with rice noodles, the halibut collar, and the coconut curry laksa. Everything was excellent, but the Dumpling Week dumplings with their popping salty roe and the creamy, warming laksa particularly blew me away. The halibut collar was painfully tender and the papaya salad herby and funky. 

They have a short menu of cocktails, as well as some simple beers and an interesting list of zero-proof beverages. I tried a scotch, lime leaf, and galangal concoction that was slightly smoky but overall pleasantly refreshing, especially with the spicy food. 

Service was generally good, with a couple of hiccups. We were made to wait a while after arriving, even though we had made a reservation and there were several open six-tops sitting empty; the hostess was somewhat curt. Once we were seated - in a large, comfortable booth - our server was great, friendly and competent. The food arrived promptly and the dishes were cleared quickly as well, which was great as we made our way through quite a few! I did order a cocktail near the end of our meal that never materialized, yet made its way to our final bill; however, we had no trouble getting it removed. The decor is bright and fun, and the ladies' bathroom is, well, mystical. 

A very memorable first experience, certainly the first of many to come!"
"Of all the places I've been to in these socially distanced times, this place has the best set up: generous table spacing, generous server to diner spacing, little to no walkers-by,  table supply of hand sanitizer,etc.  It is all VERY well thought out. Even before (waves hands) all this, Gado Gado was one of my favorite places for ""never had this before"" flavors, so to have them rise (and build) to the occasion makes me love them even more. 

Favorite dish: Ayam Lawar, a coconut and chicken salad that is larb-like but way better. Every bite is different and delicious. Probably keto? Second fave is the beef rendang. Daaaaaaang."
Wow. So delicious. Great ethnic flavors fusion. Everything we tried was really tasty. The Roti was amazing. The corn fritters sooooo good. Can't wait to return!
"Truly one of the best restaurants I've been to in Portland. This place lives up to the hype, and I can't wait to go back!

The outdoor setup is great, we brought blankets but we didn't need them thanks to  our own personal heater being so warm and cozy! Tables were separated safely, and I felt comfortable with both our groups health and the health of the servers.

The food was beyond delicious... I didn't realize so many different elements could come together to create flavors that literally danced across my tastebuds. Such a unique and perfectly executed meal. And don't forget to get the cake for dessert!

Just a huge thank you to the staff and owners of Gado Fado, it was really the best birthday experience."
OMG! Best Indonesian food ever. Maybe best food ever. We ordered the pot stickers and citrus and squid salad and eggplant and mushroom fun and all were so flavorful, nuanced, complex. I am a fan for life.
"Looking back at all the new restaurants I ate at this year, Gado Gado stands out as one of the most uniquely fun and different experiences I had. I was able to try most of the dinner menu on a couple different visits, and nearly all of it was unlike anything else I'd had before. 

The Halibut Collar was a standout, and one of the most memorable dishes I had in 2019. All of the salads and snacks I tried were excellent.The curries and rendang were also phenomenal. If anything the namesake Gado Gado dish was the only slight disappointment.  This type of Indonesian fare is just different than all the other Asian food you see so heavily populated on menus around town. It was refreshing to have so many new options. 

The location is in a depressing-looking little Hollywood strip mall, but I really like what they've done with the space inside. It's nice they included plenty of comfortable space to wait (which you will on weekends), especially during the colder winter months. The horseshoe shaped bar is fun for eating or drinking, and the rest well laid out. Service was above average. One visit our server did a great job of introducing us to the unfamiliar dishes, and guiding us in the right direction (which was all of them). Unfortunately he did disappear a bit later as they got busy though. But overall I look forward to returning to try more of their changing menu, and even brunch some time."
Fantastic! So far the best beef rendang that actually tastes like the beef rendang I had back home. Definitely cure my homesickness! Try their Kaya cake too! It was bomb! It reminds me of this indonesian traditional snack, ondeonde but in a cake form! Super delish
A bit on the pricey side without the bang. People who don't know Indonesian cuisine my like it better. Authentic Indonesian food is way more flavorful and interesting. This place has potential if they focus on more Asian and less fusion. Wajan on Burnside reigns supreme.
"I'm glad this place exists, it has lots of potential fro greatness! I went for dinner with a few friends and had a really wonderful time. 

COCKTAILS:
Excellent, imaginative, tasty, beautiful -- all in all, I think the cocktails were my favorite part of the meal 

TASTING MENU: 
I was disappointed by the tasting menu, I felt like it was disjointed and too much food at once. I thought there were some home run dishes presented, and some that I'd not order again. It felt to me that they were still maybe working out the kinks of their menu overall and perhaps they need to evaluate what stays and what goes

DESSERT: 
The dessert was weird, but cool - it was an authentic Indonesian dessert and while I didn't care for it flavor wise, I DID love the whole dessert experience 

VIBE:
I loved the design details in the restaurant, from the wall paper, to the art, to the flow of the restaurant. It was very considered and I appreciate this."
Some of the dishes were good and some not so much. Loved the beef cheeks and the dumplings, not a fan of the pork soup or the Gado Gado. Agree with others that it is very loud in the restaurant. Overall, it Felt a little pricey for what we got.
"Came here for brunch and really enjoyed our experience. My table of 3 each picked one thing and all shared. Service was quick and our waitress was friendly.

As for the food:
-breakfast plate with the coconut rice, fried chicken, and duck curry. My group liked this a lot and it was cute that its served in a little tray.
-breakfast sandwich. This was good just a little too salty for me. My husband like it though. But out of the 3 things we ordered this was probably the groups least favorite.
-spicy noodle curry (I apologize I forgot the whole name). This was amazing and the clear favorite. Unfortunately I find it rather expensive for a small portion, but this is for sure the thing I'd come back for.

I look forward to coming back to try their dinner menu."
"As an Indonesian living in Portland, this place is a gift for my soul and my belly.

Yes, they are fusion. And no, I am not expecting authenticity from a restaurant that is owned by a Dutch-American-Indonesian. I expect new perspectives and personalization. Which chef Thomas continues to surprise during launch, pre-COVID, and mid-COVID.

I have dined here for at least 10 times here in the past 6 months. Hosted family reunions, friend hangouts, solo/duo dates, and takeouts. Every time I am learning something new about where my cuisine can go and what new creative ideas they are crafting seasonally.

From the impossible-to-get-anywhere-else-Singaporean Chili Crab to how-can-rice-be-so-delicious-Oma's Aromatic Rice quality of food is always high and there's a level of fun added to this Southeast Asian joint. Gado Gado offers familiar taste of my mother's cooking, after all the recipes are inspired from Chef Thoma's Oma, dishes like Beef Rendang, Gado Gado (Salad), Roti with Curry -- yet they are slightly elevated and made unique to the PNW vibes.

This joint will forever be my happy place in Portland and seems like they just reopened their patio with some Balinese menu additions, more reviews on that soon.

Terima kasih Chef Thomas & Mariah."
"I want to start with thank you to Chef Owner that bring this Cuisine to Portland and sharing us the amazing experiences. This place is real deal! I can tell that all dishes that they made they put lot of effort and loves in it. I went there on Wednesday night with my husband, we ordered the stater ""Roti Canai( Malaysian Style flat bread) served with coconut corn Parmesan dipping , it is so gooddddd!! It has little touch of spice in the dipping. We ordered the Singapore Chili Crab - they serve the Whole Dungeness Crab (Lot of Meat) for this menu what I want to say just you will cry later if you miss it ! It's bomb!!!! So good! We love the spicy of the crab sauce, sesame noodle and  the charcoal coconut bread on side that come with the crab. I also ordered the wonder juice( Fresh  turmeric , ginger, ...) it's non alcohol drink, totally love it! It's perfect pairing with our meal."
"I'm torn between a 3 star and a 4 star (3 for service and 4 for food).
While I am happy that they let us use a few credit cards to pay our bill, I don't feel like we should be obligated to pay a 20% tip (that's usually just for parties of 8 or more and there was 6 of us) if they are not going to give us separate checks. Why? Because it took quite a while for us to figure out who ordered what and then we came up short and the server dumped the $10 shortage on my card. I complained to the manager so she removed it, but then she brought our table a $10 bill, and we had to figure out who owed it. In the end, everyone with cash (3 people) tossed in a few bucks and we got it covered, but it left a bad taste in my mouth, as far as service goes. 

As far as the food goes though, it was delicious. Most everything had a peanutty/Thai influence. Some items were also spicy (the dumplings, the calamari) If that's not your thing, than it may not be for you, but we all enjoyed our meals. 

A few of us ordered the Gado Gado salad and were not disappointed! It was comprised of 9 yummy things, including black bean cubes - which I thought were steak bites. haha Who knew black beans were that good?? 
It also included half a boiled egg, potato, cucumbers, raddishs, tempeh, fresh green beans, sprouts and something called krupuk. The menu said it came with shrimp, but mine didn't have any. I didn't notice until I looked up the menu just now, in order to list the ingredients. Had I known, I would have said something. 

The calamari was a bit spicy for my friend, but she let me have some and I didn't think it was too much, but then, I think I've killed off a lot of my taste buds over the years eating too much spicy. 

The friend across from me thought her cow ears were a bit chewy but the sauce was amazing and she let me dip my bread into it. 
Okay, as for the bread, $5 for 4 pieces (imagine 2 slices of Texas toast being cut in half to make 4 pieces) wasn't worth it. Neither was the $5 for a small saucer of creamed corn, which tasted just like the stuff you get in the can. But, the entrees were all delicious and priced right. 

They carry pFriem IPA, which I love. So does a few of my friends that was dining with us (we love the brewery in Hood River). The house specialty drinks looked really interesting, esp the peanut infused whisky but for $11 I decided to play it safe and stick with the $6 beers that I knew I'd enjoy. 

The decor was really eclectic, with framed punk band record albums on the walls and the bright colored paint and wall paper, The bathroom on the left had some really beautiful art which deserved a spot in the main dining area. 

All in all we had a good time. If you want a unique spot with Thai influenced dishes, you would want to give this place a try. The restaurant became packed after we arrived, and stayed packed, so make a reservation beforehand!"
"What a lovely spot! 

We had: the Chinese sausage and shrimp dumps, the crushed melon and cucumber salad (a shrimp paste dream), and the Tempeh and *something* curry. We were also given a delicious roti with curry dip with our meal. All four dishes were great! 

The dumplings were swimming in chili oil and scallions. On top of that, they were plump and delicious. The melon and cucumber salad was a surprise favorite of the night. The lime and shrimp paste with the melon was perfect. The creamy curry from both the roti and tempeh dish rounded out our meal. We were stuffed! Shout out to the staff that night! Amazing team they got there. Shout out Rose! Shout out Carmelo Anthony!"
Interesting food done well. Lots of flavors worth checking out. Service is attentive and friendly. I have eaten here twice and diners should be warned that this is a loud restaurant. Concrete floors and a hard ceiling and a turntable make it hard to hear. Be prepared for lots of leaning in and shouting. I would have given them five stars except for the volume.
"I had a fantastic dinner at Gado Gado with my friend Michael K. during a quick weekend trip to Portland. We were able to make a same-day reservation for 8:30 on a rainy Saturday night. We had a leisurely, gluttonous meal and more or less closed out the joint a couple hours later.

The restaurant was fun and attractive, cheerfully decorated with bright colors and lots of plants and art on the walls. Service was excellent, and I loved the lively but relaxing atmosphere. It was the kind of place I would've loved a cocktail or several if I were drinking rather than gestating. I was pleased with my zero-proof Blank Generation, a refreshing, fruity drink made with jackfruit, kumquat, lime, and soda.

The food was delicious. We started with a large spread of small plates, I suppose you'd call them--two of them were salads, anyway. The smashed melon and cucumber salad was superb, with fresh melon and cucumber mixed with fermented crab paste, shredded young coconut, mint, peanuts, lime, and chili. The gado gado was good too, but actually the least essential thing we ordered. It was a fun medley of farm radish, cucumber, potato, tempeh, spicy peanut sauce, green beans, sprouts, shrimp krupuk, and egg. This was all fine, even though I've never really come around on tempeh, but the disparate ingredients didn't meld in a compelling way. 

My favorite dish of the night was the Chinese sausage and shrimp dumplings. These were outstanding, perfectly meaty and flavorful, dressed with black vinegar, shrimp chili oil, and scallion. I would eat them every other day if I could. I also enjoyed the wok-fried shishito peppers, served with aromatic Balinese sausage, rice noodle rolls, cabbage, okra, chilis, peanuts, and dried shrimp. Lots of great flavors and textures here, and they came together beautifully.

For our main course, we shared the Singapore chili crab, which could've been a dinner for two all on its own. This was a whole wok-fried Dungeness crab with chili-garlic and tomato gravy, served over sesame noodles. It also came with a charcoal-grilled pandan roll, and we ordered a side of Oma's aromatic rice, which was good, but entirely unnecessary. The crab was a sweet, wonderful, succulent mess, and I loved the chewy, gravy-soaked noodles and soft, fragrant pandan roll.

Mike was set on the durian mille crepe for dessert, and I suggested we get the kaya cake to spread our risk. This was a good call, as it turned out. We both liked the durian mille crepe, a soft dessert made with thin vanilla crepe, durian pudding, burnt cinnamon, and chocolate Milo powder, but it was nice to balance the funk of the durian with the straightforward, satisfying sweetness of the kaya cake. This was lovely, layered with sweetened condensed milk, coconut custard, pandan, and mixed berries.

I left Gado Gado as happily full as I'd been in months. If this restaurant were in my city, I'd be making immediate plans to go back. I'd recommend it to anyone visiting or living in Portland. Get the dumplings, get the crab, get everything."
"Wow! Blown away!

Decor: spacious, large tables and adorable space. I wish it had different lighting to make it easier to take pics for IG because the space is gorgeous. 

Service: service was quick and friendly. The food came out pretty quickly as well. 

Food: I specially chose this place because I want to support more POC in Portland. The chef grew up eating this food. It's not some chef that spent two weeks in Indonesian and decided to open a spot. It's authentic and that's important. 

The dishes can be served family style. Although they looked small, they were actually quite filling. We ordered (4 people): laksa, duck curry, squash curry and roti. We also ordered both desserts (a must!)."
Heard about this place from a friend. So glad we stopped. It was AMAZING! Such great flavor combinations! Dani at the bar showed us such a good time with her knowledge of the menu along with her great personality. We topped it off with a scrumptious dessert! We will be back!!
"We came to Gado Gado for dinner on a Sunday night around 730pm. The place was easy to find, with its giant crab shaped neon light in the window. It wasn't super busy, but it was quite loud, with heavy rock/metal music in the background and the echo of other diners' conversations.

We skipped drinks for this dinner and dove right into the food. We started with an order of Gado Gado, followed by the spare ribs and the beef rendang, which came with a bowl of aromatic yellow rice. I don't have much experience in Indonesian food so cannot comment on the authenticity. The food was good, albeit on the salty side. My friend needed more spice and we ended up with some additional hot sauces. We also needed to order an extra side of rice to go with all the meat. While the rice was good, ($5) for another side is a bit too much for me. I'd be happy with a bowl of regular white rice, especially with how flavorful the beef rendang was.While the spareribs were good, I probably wouldn't get them again - I'm just too lazy to be spitting out little bones every few second. I would get the beef rendang though if I were to come back but only if we had at least four people to share with. For me, it was a bit too meaty and heavy to eat a whole half bowl of and I got tired of it. 

Overall, we had a fun dinner, trying some new things. I thought the prices were a little on the high side for being what looks like should be more of a neighborhood place m. The music definitely needs to come down in volume and they need something to dampen the conversations to make this a good place to go to for a proper sit down meal. Service was friendly and I loved the decor but the food didn't blow me away and left me wanting a lot of water. Sticking with a 3.5 for now."
This place is absolutely amazing. I'm missing it so much through this pandemic, however I hear they offer carry out. Wish i knew where to find more information on the carry out. I suggest ordering multiple dishes to try a little of everything. Make it a party.
"The food was pretty good. There was only one red wine and we were told it came out of a box. Like he walked up with a carafe and said ""sorry it's not in a bottle; it came from a box."" Cool. Tasted fine but weird that he volunteered that info?

Rice was great! Also loved the dumplings and chicken thigh.

No bike parking anywhere nearby. Very sad :("
Absolutely wonderful experience! I was thoroughly impressed with the steps they are taking to keep their staff and patrons clean. No stone is left unturned in their sanitizing procedures. The food was also incredible! We ordered one of everything on the menu, and everything was delicious! Everything came out extremely fresh and the flavors were wonderful. The server timed everything perfectly, which created a perfect dinner. Definitely try the corn fritters, dumplings, and roti paratha. The cocktails were also so great! I will definitely be back in the very near future.
"Oh, my Gad-o!!! The food here is off the charts! Incredibly vibrant, a combination of flavors that ignite your senses! The hype is real, people. For a unique taste sensation, especially if you have never tried Indonesian food, Gado-Gado is a must for every food lover. 

My only regret is not coming here sooner! They are located in Hollywood in a location previously occupied by a Vietnamese restaurant, in a tiny strip of stores including a Basking Robbins. I lived in this area for 16 years and moved out right before Gado Gado moved in. If I still lived there, I would eat here every single week. The food is that good and it's definitely something I could never replicate at home and I'm a pretty decent home cook. 

The star of our meal was the Spicy Rice Noodle Roll. Thinking it would be similar to a spring roll, boy was I wrong! It's actually a stir fry dish with squid, spicy Chinese pork sausage, shrimp, shallots and lots of herbs and greens.  The rice noodles are wide and wrapped around the sausage, cut into pieces and fried along with the other ingredients. The dish is bright, has some heat, different textures and comes alive with the squeeze of lime. I could eat this every week! With each bite, I was anticipating the next! For $17, this would be a satisfying main dish / meal for one. 

The crab and citrus salad ($17) was divine. Another combination of flavors and textures that I would never intuitively put together. Slices of sour grapefruit, sweet oranges, preserved lemon, shredded coconut, and salty chopped peanuts tossed with a variety of herbs and lemongrass topped with shredded, fresh, sweet crab. Heaven! So refreshing. Another dish that was so delicious I didn't want to share! 

To round out our meal, we ordered the pork dumplings ($14) and roti ($13.) The dumplings stuffed with a pork meatball, come 5 to an order, but they are quite large. For sharing, I wish the order had an even 6! The dumplings come with a scallion, chili garlic sauce for dipping. Bring it on! 

The roti, a fried Malaysian bread - and who doesn't like fried dough? - is served with a blistered tomato based curry. The extra step of blistering the tomatoes brings out the sweetness. They add in toasted coconut to garlic curry oil giving it complexity and balance. It's addictive! I could drink a cup of this! Wish they gave 2 pieces of roti, especially with the $13 price tag, this dish was quite small. 

I struggled with giving a 4 or 5* rating because of the high price tag of some items in comparison to the portion size, hence value. But the dishes are so well though out, the flavor combos and preparation quite involved, that I am giving 5 stars. 

Gado Gado is a treat! Indonesian food, while popular in so many parts of the world, is hard to find in Portland. This meal brought me back to memories of Amsterdam where I had many Indonesian meals over the years. Their food is equal, if not better. I will be back, most likely this week, for another takeout order!"
"Reservations are incredibly hard to get.  I tried for a reservation for 4 for a Saturday night and in spite on looking 3 weeks ahead their was nothing available.  
We decided to try to sneak in early and so got there right at opening, 5pm, and there was already a line of people waiting.  We were able to get a table though and it was worth the effort.  Every dish was surprising and superb.  We shared a bunch of the different dishes so we could try a little of everything. The standout dishes were the fried squid and beef cheek curry."
"Gado Gado has amazing food, spectacular service, and is doing the most during this pandemic to provide a clean and safe dining experience. That being said, there were a few issues with our visit that must be mentioned. 4 stars for experience/service, 2.5 for the food. 

The outside seating is separated fully from server contact and any passing traffic with their ingenious setup and contactless order and food delivery.

\\ About the food //
PROS:
- delicious
- filling (as long as you order enough)
- definitely not your standard Portland fair
- beautiful presentation 

CONS:
- very salty
- portions were definitely too small for the price
- I expected more overall for the hype and cost

To elaborate, most menu items ordered were great BUT the roti appetizer is one single piece about the size of your palm for $13. Please. For that amount we expected at least two or three roti to enjoy with the amount of sauce provided. 

The clams, which I had been dying to get after seeing reviews, were tiny and overly salted. One of my clams hadn't even opened which is a no no in every restaurant I've ever served in. Replace it, bro.

To top it off, the awesome looking bread served with the clams was beyond rock hard. I had to use all my force to bite it and it hardly absorbed the delicious broth. My server even saw me fighting with it and never asked what was up or offered to replace it... for a $20 entree that's composed of broth and about 8 tiny clams, I expect good bread.

Overall, we'll return but I'll be thinking cautiously about what I order and the size for the price. Definitely try their fun cocktails"
"Came here last night for a New Year's Eve dinner. First of all, this is the first of 30+ outdoor dining post covid dinners we have had and by far it was the warmest. Their covered tent is actually a metal roof under which they have large heat lamps. We were all able to take off our jackets on New Year's Eve.
We ordered almost everything on their dinner menu- we started with the roti (with their chutney), then the clam chowder (with noodles almost like a tom kha coconut based soup and was amazing- my favorite thing the whole night), we also had the shrimp, their beef dish, as well as their Brussel sprouts, & corn fritters.
We also ordered their coconut condensed milk rice cake dessert as well as cocktails (the gimlet and a rum drink with lady in its name) and wine

Everything was 5/5, from ambience to speed of getting our dinner to service and food."
"I was thinking 4.5 stars, but there's not any reason not to give this place five.   My wife and I went for brunch on a Saturday and were not disappointed.  If you're looking for the typical American bacon and eggs, you may be let down.  However, my wife and I were not the least bit upset with our crab omelet yellow noodle soup with perfect flavor, a fruit waffle that was light, airy & dense (don't ask how it could be both) and sweet, and some cheese filled dough with some spicy cream corn to put over the top.   

Apologies for my review now having the exact names of the dishes we tried, but even if I had made a point to remember the names, the well-balanced flavors that my wife and I consumed were so amazingly delicious that I would have likely forgotten the names anyways.  

Go here. Eat the food.  You'll enjoy it."
"If you love Hat Yai and Eem, you'll also love this Indonesian version of highly flavorful and fragrant small plates. Items come out family style. They're smaller plates, but a bang to the palate that fills you up quick. Tbh, I never had any of these plates during my time in Indonesia, though similar herbs. Still everything here is incredible. The space is adorably decorated with extremely friendly service. I especially appreciate their drinks which are rich yet light, not overly sweet and suuuuper smooth. Definitely a highlight to the Hollywood neighborhood.

Personal tip: order the side of rice. It's a nice pause between all the jazz."
I'm speechless. Even during covid they can create an atmosphere of deliciousness. Highly recommend their mussels.
Recently got takeout from Gado Gado and it quickly became my favorite restaurant in Portland. You can't seem to go wrong with any dish, the food is all fantastic!
This place is amazing. I was raised on Indonesian food, and this reminds me so much of the flavors and smells that brought back the memories of family gatherings. We had a large group of 16 people. On this occasion we had the chefs choice, and we were not disappointed. With the meal we had the a variety of the blended cocktails from the bar, unique and tasty. We had so many dishes to many to name. If you are looking for amazing flavor, nice atmosphere, this is the place to be. One caution, you might have to wait in line a bit, word is getting out about this place.
"We went on a Sunday evening. The service was good and it wasn't as busy so the server checked in throughout, which I appreciated. 

We ordered family style per the servers recommendation and got the Laksa Soup, Ayam Goreng Boneless Fried Chicken, pickled vegetables, Oma's aromatic rice and duck curry. Their zero proof drinks are also super fun and interesting to try. I would recommend trying at least one. 

It was probably a little too much food for us but my favorite highlights were the Laksa Soup and the Ayam Goreng Boneless Fried Chicken. Flavors were super well done. 

I wish the dishes were a little more spaced out timing wise so that our dishes were still warm when we got them. Other than that, loved trying this spot and would go back to try other menu items."
One of my friends recommended this restaurant. I ordered takeout and had the Char Siu Platter. The meat was so flavorful and fall apart tender. The sides were also delicious.  Highly recommend giving this restaurant a try.
"Don't use the online ordering. I placed my order and received a pickup time at 30-45 minutes. (It's  20 minutes from my house). 10 minutes later I received notice that the food is ready. At pickup, it was sitting on a table outside with my name, which is convenient, but unhelpful in keeping hot. All this resulted in my food sitting for 45+ minutes. It also costs $1.50 for the 'convenience' of online ordering.
I understand the time may be a default, but this could readily be remedied by waiting 20 minutes to fire the order if it only takes 10 minutes to prep. 

The food was generally solid. The roti was tough from sitting too long, and I should have reheated of the beef rendang. The curry that came with the roti was a highlight. 

It is good food with interesting flavors. $50 for two is too expensive for takeout to chance it sitting. Book one of the parking lot tables instead."
The flavor profiles of all the dishes are always so well thought out with umami in mind; the perfect balance of savory and sweet. Made some reservations for outdoor seating and the staff was friendly and hospitable. The menu does change with seasons so it's always fun to see what they are offering. I got the clams this time and they were soooo delicious especially eaten outside in the cool autumn breeze.
"the Festival takes place on the best of the longer weekend in spring time in a relaxed atmosphere awashed by the great nature scenery that is of the superbly manicured Franklin Conservatory Park. The people are gentle, friendly, not drunk like people in other festivals in town, there are also a lot of Caucasian visitors coming from Europe, England, France, Germany, Spain, Israel, Russia, Alaska and elswhere...they are probably here in town visiting their family and friends but made good choice to attend; so the Festival had gone global in a sense and not just confine to one or two countries but at least 50+ countries involved.. I lost count.
The food is ofcourse excellent nothing can be compared, I've been  ripped off at the ribs-fest(rip-fest) with their boiled ribs and dogs covered with thick gooey sauce before and never again, I'd prefer getting ripped off by the variety of tasteful asian food any time of the days, weeks and years :); the entry is free(not charging you $10-$15 like other festivals)so you can afford to bring family and friends, the food very cheap and the park is so huge with multi spots with activities for you and your pet to to freely roam and play, it'll be a great Memorable weekend and always had been."
"First time attending.. It was a fun event.The food was delicious. There was a Healthy Gourmet Vegetable spot that had Bamboo rice that was to die for. Lots of vegan/vegetarian noodles, pad thai, lo mein! If you are vegan you want to ask if they put animal products in because some vegetarian looking dishes had ground beef/chicken that you can't see. The bubble tea was made with non-diary creamer so that was good. 

I only watched the evening performances and the finale by the Punjab people was such an amazing close to the eventful weekend. Can't wait to go next year! 

Some negatives: some people think it is cool to smoke in a family friendly event.... NO! Also, unfortunately there were some youngster disturbing the peace by starting  fights. But that's okay, the police handled it with finesse."
"A celebration of all things Asian takes place over Memorial Day weekend on the beautiful grounds of the Franklin Park Conservatory . More than 15 different countries and cultures are represented, including Bengalis, Burmese, Cambodian, Chinese, Indian, Indonesian, Japanese, Korean, Lao, Malays, Singaporean, Pakistan, Filipino, Thais and Vietnamese. 

The Marketplace is a little underwhelming with vendors selling chatzkes that you can find at any Pier One Imports or bargain store, though some stalls do offer original services or information about different Asian groups and organizations.  

The entertainment schedule is impressive. It's loaded with dancers, actors, singers, drummers, choruses and martial arts groups performing on a few different stages and an outdoor amphiteater throughout the day and evening.  I was mesmerized by the costumes and really enjoyed seeing traditional dances from Cambodia, Burma and Japan, and particularly enjoyed the Bhuddist chanting.    

The ""food court"" area offers the whole gamut of Asian food- which, in and of itself, makes attending the festival totally worth while!  Local Asian resturants set up stalls and serve up some of their best sellers. Tables are strewn around the stages & park, but most folks just plop down in the grass and enjoy their food picnic style.

Across the board, I enjoyed the Asian Festival but was partially annoyed with the effort it took to get there in terms of parking and shuttling.  Other than that, it was worth the effort.  Especially since it is a free festival and family-friendly.  It's a great experience to be exposed to other, perhaps unfamiliar cultures. 

I will definitely go again, but with slightly different expectations."
"Anything that celebrates culture and diversity is a plus in my book - just wish everyone could be on board with culture and diversity.

We've been to the Asian festival every year for the past few years - this year we brought the little guy with us - our five month old was FASCINATED by everything he saw  (Probably would have been fascinated without the festival, but hey...  who knows?) and we all had a good time.  Enjoyed some Filipino food and Indonesian sports and some wooden board breaking.  :-)  It's well organized, just wish the lines for food weren't so long, but hey, which festival doesn't have long food lines?"
"This was our first time visiting the Asian Festival, and overall it was OK.

The website was hard to navigate, but eventually you could find some useful information (especially about parking).  They had several lots available to park in at no charge with shuttles to take you to and from the festival.  There was a bit of a wait for the shuttle on the return, though, but not too bad.

The festival overall had a somewhat haphazard, disorganized ambiance. There was a pretty large outdoor area with assorted vendors including some very non-Asian vendors (State Farm) and marginally Asian (Acura, Honda).  I thought there would be more cute Asian merchandise, crafts, etc. to buy, but there didn't seem to be much in this regard (unless we missed it).  They had a lot of booths with kid-oriented things, and inside there were some cultural displays and a small stage for cultural performances.  

There was a very large outdoor food court of sorts with a whole variety of food and beverages.  We tried two of the egg rolls from a specialty egg roll company (I forget the name).  They were $5 each and mostly stuffed with cabbage rather than meat.  Not terrible but not worth $5.  The Vietnamese iced coffee from a different vendor was also pretty good, but very overpriced for $5 as well for about a Starbucks grande size.

They had a large outdoor stage with continuous performances, but it was just too hot and humid to sit and watch them.  

Overall not a bad experience but far from amazing; maybe they could plan it about a month earlier, though, before the weather gets so hot and humid."
What a fun time! Lots of different foods, desserts and drinks. Plenty of activities going on, shows, live performances, and little shops. Thank God there's plenty of shade available, because it gets hot standing in a line of 30 people waiting to order food. I only gave it 4 stars because parking is a complete joke (just try to get there earlier and pay $5 to park in a lot. It's not worth it driving around for 30 minutes looking for a spot. You're not in the safest area, either.) AND because they need to space everything out. There was thousands of people here, and it's just cramped. I don't mind waiting in line, but 20 to 30 minutes for food is crappy when 1.) it's hot and the sun is beating on you (no shade by food carts) and 2.) since every single food line is 30 people deep, lines start intertwining and people start getting confused. A few times, you could barely move because there's so many people in the food area. All in all, this is a fun place, though. The people are friendly and the food was delicious.   Definitely try the coconut sticky rice, halo-halo, stuffed chicken wings, bubble tea, sesame rolls with munk fish and the red chicken.
"I have been involved the Asian Festival for 20 years and we get larger every year.
We are expecting a fantastic festival this year. Please come and visit the Asian Festival at Franklin Park on May 23 and 24, 2015. We have FREE entertainment, including martial arts, cultural performances and much more. You can experience Asian Culture in Columbus and sample delicious Asian Food. C you there."
"First thing is parking. It is always bad and very unorganized near the festival plus always taken up so most likely you'll be walking a little from your car and even more when you get to the festival but I'm usually getting dropped off anyways lol Kids are always welcome but make sure you have a close eye on them or they'll be gone in the crowd and be careful of the annoying preteens that horse play. : / I usually come on Saturday during early morning or late day since more stuff happens but I suggest going on Sunday if you wanna be around less people/crowd. FOOD! Big portions for cheap. I usually only get rice since I was a vegetarian at the time but I love the bubble tea and this cool tropical fruity drink lol B) There are lots of performances; like martial arts and dancing mainly. They also usually have facts and info on each Asian country in random areas; I also love when they have all the Asian countries come together and walk around the festival. They also have booths where you can buy things from different Asian countries. Some booths can be pricey so make sure you look at most booths before deciding on what to get in case it's cheaper somewhere else. A henna tattoo is also always a must!

It's always nice to have blanket/chair for the grass, bring groups of friends/family makes it more fun and some water/snacks if you don't wanna buy food."
"The sprawling expanse of vendors selling food on a stick and various kinds of fried things and noodles reminds me of an episode of Bizarre Foods. This is the kind of event Andrew Zimmern seeks out. 

One tip: don't pay for parking. We almost did but then found we could park at Wolfe Parke (http://foursquare.com/venue/1552709) for free and take the shuttle over to Franklin Park, also free. At the place where we would've paid to park, we would have walked a lot farther than we did to the free shuttle bus. So don't get trapped in the parking scam. 

There was food from every country you can think of on the Asian continent. I tried some delicious pork on a stick at the Phillipines booth. I went back to find out what it was called and get another and found it was simply barbecue pork. But it didn't taste like any barbecue sauce I've had. It was sweet and savory at the same time. The pork was tender and just the right balance of fat and meat. It was cooked over a fire and had that nice smokey taste. It was delicious. 

I went to a Chinese booth and tried bamboo rice and pan fried bun. The rice was sticky and mushy, almost gelatinous and sweet. It was wrapped in a leaf and tied with a string. There was meat and mushrooms in the center of the rice. It was a little bland. The pork bun was like an egg roll in a doughy sticky bun. Not bad. 

The Lao booth was bad. All the meat was dry, tough and cold. The beef jerky was as chewy as leather. My teeth could hardly handle it. 

Green tea lemonade at the Tea Zone (I think it was called) was delicious. They have a tea shop on Bethel near Microcenter. I may check them out and review them someday. 

The best part was the fried bananas. It was at a booth up near the Tea Zone, I'm not sure what country it was. The banana turns yellow and mushy, like pie filling. It's inside a sweet breading, crunchy on some edges. It's like a fried banana pie. It's awesome and one of the cheapest things at the festival. Three for two dollars. There was also fried taro but it tasted like a dried up turnip. 

Most of all, we went to the festival for the food. I love fairs and festivals. I don't usually go to the entertainment at these things but I thought my little boy might want to check it out. I heard some pretty, new age sounding music at one point and what sounded like Native American (but couldn't have been) chanting and drums before that. The music was quite pleasant. When we finally went to the amphitheater, there were Indian dancers on stage. Their music is usually very irritating but with the bass on the big speakers, it wasn't half bad. My son liked it. Most of the crowd was up dancing and he got up with them and did his own thing. I caught a cute video of it. (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5d5oVwRe34) 

So, all in all it was a fun day out. It was tolerable even in the almost 90 degree heat. There were lots of vendors selling trinkets and jewelry. Some of them very nice. Most of it was standard fair/festival junk. 

One major complaint I did have was finding anything. There weren't maps around, and the program I happened to accidentally find had a very confusing map in it. When I finally found a sign, the arrow looked like it'd been placed by a one eyed drunken dislexic guy who didn't know where anything was. The arrow pointed in an odd direction. We went there for one thing, and we were parched and needed drink badly. We walked around that place for the better part of an hour and never saw a single food or drink booth. We went around in circles before we finally found the food court. A little more careful planning and better marking would make it a better experience. 

I would also add that Franklin Park, not pretty. It's made out to be a beautiful botannical garden. It's just rolling hills of grass and cement walkways. Not impressed. 

+great food
+lots of junk to waste money on
+wide variety of cuisine to try
+music is cool if you're drunk or stoned
-parking is like going down a crowded city street where three ballgames and two concerts are happening at once. Thank god for the shuttle bus. 
-poor planning and layout and no real guidance to find anything
-lots of walking, crowded, hot out."
We have been going to this festival for a few years and we just love it. It's literally the best fest in Columbus...with all the cultural dancing and exhibits- the whole show was so colorful..now in to the food - omg delicious food...there is a Vietnamese food stall that sells the best coffee in town..I waited in line twice in one day and their sandwiches were really good too...this year they had PHO- it was too hot to have it Saturday but I had a change of heart on Sunday and it was delicious..also the Filipino food stalk was good too their sausage links were to die for ...and of course you can't go walk around Asian festival without taro bubble tea
"A bit disappointing to be honest. I was looking forward to going to the Asian festival , but really nothing was really good -- the shops were okay, not to my taste anyway, and the food was pretty ordinary. Basically, most of the food tents had some version of bbq chicken on skewers and some noodle dishes, etc. I was initially excited that they had coconut water and sugarcane juice, but both were big disappointments. The sugarcane was artificially sweetened and tasted like it had gone bad, and the coconut water was not sweet at all. 

The saving grace was that some of the cultural events (music and dance) were performed by kids, and that was nice to watch."
"Where else can you see dancing, singing, and other forms of traditional Asian entertainment all day? That was the best part, and a reason to go. However, the food was kind of disappointing and of American-Asian-buffet quality. Lots of typical items like lo mein and fried stuff on sticks. Food lines were long, and being it was a hot day, not exactly fun. 

The bathroom situation didn't really meet the demands of the crowd either. Porta potty between eating shrimp skewers...eh..sinks are nice sometimes. Actually, sinks are great all of the time. I believe there is a bathroom located in the adventure stage building but the line was so long I never saw it. 

Overall:

Pros:
- entertainment 
- cheap Asian trinkets like stickers of fat cuddly panda bears expressing various emotions
- option to sit under trees and eat fried things in the shade

Cons:
- crowded as F
- not enough bathrooms
- nothing too exciting food-wise
- parking could be a challenge

Would I go to this again? Yes, I think I would, because despite it all, it was a unique cultural experience and not something you can see everyday. However, I probably would wait til late afternoon on the last day to avoid some of the crowd, but still have time to catch some of the celebration."
This is one of the better festivals I have been to and here is why: the awesome location! It was great that we could grab some food then head over to a little hillside and sit under the shade of the trees to enjoy our food without sweating to death under the hot sun. It was also great that they had so many talented performers showcasing their culture through dance and martial arts. The food at festivals is always pricey, and of course crowds of people to meander through, but It was a peaceful enjoyable time with friends nonetheless.
There are a lot of really cool things to look at and buy, the cultural dances and martial arts are cool, but what I was going for was the food.  I have to say that next time I visit I will go for a less conventional line and style of food.  I chose pad thai which was sweet and not hot and just not that good, but the Phillapino trucks food that had no line at all looked very interesting so I think I need to step outside the box next time and try something not so chines take-out style.
"The annual Asian Festival is quite sizable and offers a variety of activities, performances, and, of course, plenty of good eats! Located in beautiful Franklin Park, it is enjoyable to stroll through the area and checking everything out. The event is always popular and draws quite the crowd. 

Performances occur on several different stages and includes dancing, martial arts, singing and more. There are also displays that highlight the various Asian countries, which is a nice touch, since ""Asia"" is a big area to all be all put together in one festival like this.

Parking is offered in a number of lots around the surrounding area, with free shuttles from several of them - check their website for details."
"Holy moly, what fantastic weather for this Fest. This was my first time at AF. So many things going for it! First off, I enjoyed this afternoon way more having this festival being held at Franklin Park (as opposed to Goodale Park). Lots more space to spread out. Tons more shade - with the cool breeze going and bright blue sky, couldn't have asked for better weather. 

A friend and I headed straight for the food vendors first. After taking stalk of all the offerings, I decided on a Philippine dish of Lechon Kawali: Fried Pork and noodles. I wish to the 'inth degree this vender had a restaurant, or even a food truck at least. The cooked pork belly was pure perfection. Cooked to a slightly crisp outside; soft and chewy meat. 100% scrumptious flavor!!

The noodle side dish (that came with the combo) was also great. Not overly seasoned. A perfect ying to yang. I was dying to try a few more dishes from other venders but I was quite full, and time wouldn't permit that plan. 

I definitely will be back next year!!"
"Apparently shots rang out across the street from the festival earlier tonight, prompting it to shut down early. That's too bad, because by the time I'd arrived, all the performances had ceased and everyone was packing up for the night. I was able to get the last of much of the food for cheaper, though! So the chicken adobo, lumpia, and Thai bubble tea I got were all discounted--and delicious at that. Also, Pinoy/Pinay represent!

Now, as I entered the park despite not knowing why people were streaming *out* of the festival, I noticed several people scurrying out of the way of what apparently was a fight that had broken out between two young people, one of Asian descent and the other of African descent. The former was yelling racial epithets at the latter and getting his face socked in as a result. :-( And the Asian kid had a friend with blood streaming from his nose--I mean, really? Of course, then, such violent images have affected my view of the festival somewhat, although if I weren't too busy for the festival's second day then I'd consider going again, but patrons of the event really need to mind themselves, be they of the ""host culture"" or not."
"My first time attending a major festival here in Columbus, and it was one of apprehension, excitement and amusement.

I didn't know what to really expect from the Asian Festival. Funny enough, when I first heard the name being tossed around, I was irked by it. I was born and raised in California, and had lived in Asia for some time. I'm not sure if a clumping of Asian cultures into one festival would be as well received in those areas! It encompasses over half the world's population so I struggle to see how one  festival can truly reflect that diversity and history.

Nonetheless, having been a festival lasting 20 years that aims to showcase the rich diverse cultures of Asian civilizations, I wondered if its intent has shifted at all since its conception. Overall as a festival, it gets the job done. There are plenty of cultural performances, a space where you can learn about immigration patterns of Asian Americans into Columbus (and this I loved!), as well as plenty of food!

It may be my programming senses tingling from my background working with students on college campuses, but the festival itself seems to play on simply food and cultural dance to represent the ethnic diversity among Asians. I did however appreciate the fact that there was a good mix of food, with some being better than others... ie the Indonesian Rendang was not bad, but how did the Okinawa booth not serve Okinawan cuisine? I digress.

I'd like to see this festival expand and change up its programming a bit. Aside from simply presenting itself as an introduction to Asian cultures, perhaps detail more of current struggles of Asian Americans or invite community organizations around Columbus and the Midwest that work with these populations to come and educate the community.

Asian culture is more than just food and dance, and I would love to see new steps be  taken to strengthen and grow Columbus as a whole.

It's a family fun event, but let's take it a little bit further next year."
"I really enjoy the Asian Festival. (Though I miss the days when I could just walk a block from where I lived to get there . . . ). There are booths representing many Asian countries and they're happy to tell you about where they're from--we learned this past time about a Filipino board game when we popped into the tent for the Philippines. I kind of wish we had a place where people just gathered to play board games outside and sip coffee. Is there such a place in Columbus? Please send me a message if you know of such a place.

One of the biggest draws is obviously the food. THE FOOD. IT IS SO GOOD. I had halo-halo for the first time, a Filipino dessert with shaved ice, evaporated milk, and various sweet bits like candied purple yams, jellies, and flan. The same booth also had adobo chicken, ribs, and other meats that smelled off. the. chain. (Or that could have been the Yakitori place right next to it that smelled so good. Or both. Everything smelled great.)

The website always has a long list of performances and events going on. You can see dancers and demonstrations. Lots of vendors, too, though I was occasionally confused to see tents being run by white dudes (one booth was being run by white dudes + they were selling shirts with ripped-off artwork that I've seen elsewhere; once we realized those things, they lost a sale). I'd rather only support Asian-run businesses at the Asian Fest."
"This is a great (and free!!!) event that showcases the art, food, dances, and culture of nations from East, Central, and Southeast Asia.  Musicians, performers, and martial artists from around the area (and even around the world) come to perform on the variety of stages over the course of a weekend.  Because they are all happening simultaneously, though, it's really a good idea to come both days.  After all, both admission and parking are free!  

Aside from some fantastic performances, the festival also has a variety of vendors selling typical Asian trinkets, paintings, personalized calligraphy, toys, and even reflexology/ear cleaning/mystic readings.  There's also a big health fair, though that's geared more towards offering a service to Asians in the community.  I would have felt a little uncomfortable trying to use those services as a white lady.

One hall also has a a table for the different cultures represented, typically showing off some of the handicrafts, instruments, clothes, and\or travel brochures of the nation.  

Finally, there is an extensive food court.  Sure, you can get the typical fair food (bourbon chicken), but there are so many cool things to choose!  This last year, my favorite was the stand run by local Filipino ladies serving up the most delicious menudo and adobo I've ever had!  And that coconut-honey thing... mmm!!  

The best thing though is definitely the performances.  Some are a bit amateurish to be sure, but there are also some world-class dancers, singers, and musicians.  One of the highlights is the Bhangra dancers, Nachda Punjab, who encourage audience participation (and give away CDs to the best dancers.  You can also get your pictures taken with them).   Other favorite performances from this year were Indian dancer Ami Majmudar, Japanese guitarist Shohei Toyoda, and the Filipino Fiesta dancers.  

Now, I do have a few complaints.  One is that there is a stage that is in the same hall as the health fair and the cultural exhibits.  Although I appreciate that this hall is the only one out of the sun and in the air conditioning (very important considering how sun burnt I got sitting outside in the amphitheater!), it can also be difficult to hear the performers when there are wailing children echoing across the walls or bashing away on the musical instruments displayed.  It's not a huge problem to be sure, but it is a little distracting.

The other issue I had occurred on the last day of the festival when the events got off schedule.  A performer might run late or not show, so everything would be screwed up.  Perfectly understandable, but I ended up missing a few performances because I was trying to run back and forth from stage to stage and didn't realize that the line-up had been changed.  

Overall, though, I had a fantastic time both days I went, and have every intention of going again the coming year!  Hope the Bhangra dancers are back.  They are ridiculously fun."
"I wasn't really sure what to expect from Ohio's Asian Festival, having grown up in central California and attending the Pacific Rim Festival there.

I looked up the parking situation before heading over, and the boy and I ended up parking at Wolfe Park, which if you can find a spot, is great.  However, Ohioans really need to learn how to park in order to best utilize the space.  The lines in the lot are so faded that people park haphazardly and with huge six foot gaps between their cars; the cop languidly hanging out in his car made no effort to help direct traffic or encourage appropriate parking habits.  

Once in the park, there weren't any signs or maps directing us.  Fortunately it was a nice day so wandering around until we found the tents and stages wasn't too much of a problem.  There were musical performances and dances and martial art demonstrations happening throughout all throughout the day -- a schedule was posted near one of the stages.  Some folks had what looked like festival booklets with lists of vendors and events, but we never found where those were being distributed.  

The Marketplace did have some cool things like bonsai trees, houseplants, artwork, and traditional clothing, although Shawnie is right when she mentions the random knick-knacks and souvenir-type items (although to give them credit, I bet they are made in China -- and yes, many stores in Chinatowns in cities like NYC and San Francisco peddle similar things).  

There was an indoor area where each country had a table to showcase some of their history, contributions, and other notable things.  It was pretty crowded in there, and the poorly compressed music from the indoor stage caused us to leave quickly.

The food court was fun, although pricy ($10 for cold noodles, $5 for boba).  I was a little surprised that there wasn't much in the way of Cantonese food, dimsum, baked baos; however, there was a wide array of other countries which I suppose makes sense for Columbus.  There were a number of stands with barbecues and grilled meats were a top seller.  I was a little concerned about the safety of some of the foods though, since everything was either held in trays over lit (or unlit) chafing dishes, and the cold items may or may not have been held over ice or in insulated bins.  There were also a couple of stands where the workers could not have looked less thrilled to be there (although they were probably teenage kids of the family).

As expected, there were quite a lot of people from diverse Asian backgrounds present as well as the ubiquitous white Ohioans, I was pleasantly surprised to see a large number of Hispanic, African-American, and other non-white families in attendance.  Overall, the attendees seemed to reflect a much more balanced and accurate picture of the American population.  Still, it does make you wonder a little, would a European Festival be as popular and well-attended?  An African Festival?  A South American Festival?  An Australian Festival?  What is it about Asia that makes it seemly acceptable to lump all those countries together, organize a festival, and call it a cultural experience?  And, having been to it, do people now feel like they have  a better understanding and empathy with the people of South Korea, China, Japan, Vietnam, India, etc., or does it only serve to increase the ""exoticness"" of foreign cultures?"
I was super excited when I heard that a new Indonesian restaurant was opening in my neighborhood.  I went here on a Wednesday evening for dinner with a friend of mine.  It is located on Peachtree Road in South Buckhead between Holeman and Finch and 1Kept.  There is parking behind the building.  We walked in and were immediately greeted and seated.  The place is very nice and soothing.  I started with a Corona beer and my friend drank water.  We both ended up ordering the Four Course dinner.  The first course is a chicken and vegetable soup, which was very good.  The second course was the hand rolled vegetable lumpias, which was excellent.  The third course was the chicken sate, which was excellent.  And, last was the beef short ribs with rice and fish, which was probably my favorite.  We were too full for dessert.  Everything dish was so good and the service was so accommodating.  This is a great place for adults in a small group or a romantic dinner.  As I mentioned, the service was excellent and the prices are reasonable.
"Food is fantastic, with a multitude of delicious flavors on each and every plate. The service was even better; very attentive, and polite. The atmosphere was great. Would recommend to anyone. Just confused to recommend the food because all the food are delicious depend of what you like ? But my suggestion try chicken satay for the stater , and for the main course beef rendang ""24 hour braised beef short ribs (the  beef tender and very soft) last but not least for the dessert kolak pisang ""coconut milk poached banana, palm sugar and banana liquor! Food taste awesome !"
"We did a course menu here and it was a different experience.
I don't think I ever tried Indonesian food before and thought it was like a mix of Thai and Indian foods.
Service was decent. Nothing to note from it here. 
I thought some brief explanation of each course might have been nice but that's okay. 
Tasted pretty decent overall. Can't say much about whether this is authentic/or nice since I've never tried Indonesian food until now.
Ambiance was good. Clean and new. Nice touch to the dishes with their restaurant logo on them. 
Desserts were okay too."
WIN Indonesian Grill is the only Indonesian sit-down resto in Atlanta, and it doesn't disappoint. There is plenty of parking in the Lower Level (shared with 1Kept). It is rare to find an Indonesian resto that serves pork, so you don't have to fly to Bali to satisfy your indonesian pork cravings. My faves were the Babi (pork) kechap and the Bali roast suckling pig. The chicken satay were juicy and very tasty. The Kari Rendang (beef short rib curry) was to die for, literally falls off the bone. The location is south buckhead near midtown... cant wait for them to open for lunch so I can take my co workers there. I need to go back here to try other items from the Menu!
Had an awesome time here! Came on a whim and after seeing the other reviews. Got the 4 course meal and wow! Everything was so good. Awesome service. Loved everything about it. Hard to describe but it was really a dining experience and not just dinner.
"We went there last Friday night. I had the lamb ""Gule kambing"" and my husband had the stir fried noodle, everything was delicious. Even my 3 yrs old son finished all the ""Hand roll vegetable lumpia"" we ordered for him. 

I love the ambience where a wall with a contemporary electric fireplace becomes the focal point of the restaurant, creating a cozy and relaxing feeling. 

We'll definitely be back!"
Here now lol. And the food is really good. This is coming from a true foodie  customer service is excellent. The ambiance is unreal. Drink are tasty and not a waste of time. Will definitely be back
New in buckhead/Lindbergh area. I'm surprised more people haven't heard about it. The cocktails were really good. Lychee martini and one that had muddled berries, st. Germaine, and champagne. Tasted like candy. The food was pretty good. I got the rendang which was short ribs, compressed rice, and egg rolls. The ribs were okay, but the rice was soo good. It's basically rice that was pushed together and fried on the outside. I ate all of that. The dessert, colenak, was the right amount of sweet. The cassava went really well with ice cream. I would definitely try to go here again. There's valet and self-parking in the back.
"Awesome food and staff. Best Indonesian food I've had in the states. 

The pork buns and satay were especially nice.

Nice ambiance too. A bit expensive, but high quality, so it was warranted."
"All I can say is WOW! Not only is the food here INCREDIBLE, but the atmosphere and hospitality from owners is beyond phenomenal.

The food is authentic to Indonesia and every bite keeps you wanting more! 

I am extremely happy with my first experience there and my family and I will be regulars from here on out! 

HIGHLY, HIGHLY RECOMMEND (10 Stars)"
We were there in a weekday and walked in 20 mins before close. I know this may not be right however we asked if they would sit us down? Are the gentleman was kind enough to welcome us. I hate walking into a place that's about to close, so was happy to be turned away, but that didn't happen. We were treated so well, I think we were more in a rush then them as we didn't wasnt them to keep the restaurant open for us. The server recommended the noodles which was excellent. I fell in the love with the food, appreciated the warmth given and highly recommend this place.
Went for the first time tonight. Really good. Would come back again. The chicken was in a delicious peanut sauce. The chicken soup was delicious. They pour the soup into the bowl in front of you.
"I love going to the Asian festival.... you can shop, get henna, eat, and watch a show(s).  I agree with other Yelpers in the fact that security could be a little beefier.  There are several younger people who are interesting in causing a scene, and get into fights... which often ruins it for other people.
I am glad that they still have it, and that I can go and have great food, and a great time."
"This review is a how-to, where-to for anyone who hasn't been to the Asian Festival or who isn't sure what they might like here.

1. Parking. Skip the slow & painful process of finding parking on-site and head down Woodland or Auburn, both about a block away. There is also plenty of parking a block north, along Long. (No, I'm not telling you about my secret spot.)

2. Bring the kids! It's family-friendly, with lots of demonstrations, room to move and play, and the TMNT were walking around and taking photographs today.

3. Best time to come is Sunday lunch-time. Or anytime, really. Even if it is hot, there is plenty of shade. The food lines are shorter on Sunday - necessary if you are unsure of what you really want, you can walk close to the booths and check the various menus/lists/random pieces of paper with the food offerings.

4. FOOD OMG. You are missing out if you do not get the stuffed chicken wings and papaya salad from the Siem Reap booth! SERIOUSLY. We also had a red curry noodle soup at a booth that was awesome (which was not on the posted menu, but there was a small sign. Glad we saw it.) Most of the food on offer is mild, not spicy. Also, skip the shaved ice and go for the HALO-HALO. Only the booth on the northeast corner has it. 

5. There are lots of demonstrations and shows/programming for martial arts, dancing, henna/body art, painting, etc. Each Asian country has a display with history, anthropology, culture, art as well as information about the local community in Columbus. Interesting given the sheer number of countries represented.

6. Possibly the only marketplace where you can buy cheap Asian goods and be supporting the local community. (Kidding. Kind of.)

7. Enjoy the park and conservatory grounds. Even when the fest is crowded and busy, there is room to spread out and relax.

Some of the best free fun to start the summer."
"Spring is coming and so are the Ohio spring festivals. Whenever the Simpson's starts with the family going to some sort of wacky festival I always know the context of the episode is Springfield, Ohio.
We are in the land of festivals and I love it.
I also generally love the Asian Festival. You kind of have to dig to find an authentic asian experience within the park. The food is a selection of asian bistro restaurants in town so it's a nice way to sample local spots, but don't expect to find traditional cold chinese dishes, or thai street dishes like roti, ice coffee, or som tom.
The story is the same with the merchants although i did score a beautiful moss green silk spun scarf from a Thai woman that let me bargain with here in thai, though my skills are quite rusty.
The highlight for me was actually inside in the museum. I spent about an hour looking at the art collections and at the information table chatting with OSU students representing their countries. I got alot of good advice about traveling since the southeast is my favorite spot on the planet.
If you haven't been to this festival go early, try to park close since you will be tired from walking the grounds, and  plan to stay all day."
"I always think of the Asian Festival as the kick-off for a summer of outdoor eating in Columbus.  Followed by the Jazz & Rib Fest, Festival Latino, and as many taco trucks as you can hit before the weather turns cold.  But I digress...

The food court is a bit of a hit-or-miss affair, with the usual Americanized Asian food, but there are always a few great vendors to be found if you know what you're looking for.  There are always a couple stands selling Filipino food, plus the local Chinese Buddhist temple has a stand selling vegetarian food, some of which is hard to come by otherwise.  The first few years we went you could always count on a Laotian vendor, which was nice, as there aren't any Laotian restaurants in Columbus (although Indochine Cafe has the occassional off-the-menu Laotian special).  Last year the Laotians were missing, but there was a good Thai vendor.  So we'll see what this year holds.

For us, it's a matter of buying as much food as we can carry, finding a shady spot facing the auditorium, and watching whatever performance happens to be on.  Some are pretty good, and even the mediocre ones remind me of growing up elsewhere.  Mayor Coleman and his entourage usually show up to shake hands, the white kids in the kung-fu troupes do lion dances, the Asian kids do hip hop, and people of every color show up to eat the food and enjoy the inevitably hot, humid weather.

Kind of makes me like living in Columbus."
"Sunday morning we showed up around 10 am when the event opens for the day.  Parking was free and just a couple blocks down the street at the park.  Kids enjoyed the face painting and activity booth.  We hit the food court up around 11:30 and the lines weren't very long.  I enjoyed several items from Siem Reap's booth and a Filipino booth.  

There are numerous martial arts, singing, dancing, and instrumental performances.  This is a free event other than what you eat and any items you purchase from their marketplace.  It's a great way to get out of the house and expose the family to other cultures."
Went to the Asian festival in June 2019.  It was unbearably hot and crowded.  It was really difficult to navigate the entire festival, and I thought there would be more food vendors than were present.  We had to find street parking in a neighborhood nearby and walk.  One pass through and it was enough.  We stopped just long enough to see part of a show and then decided to leave.  Not sure if this will be in the plans this year.
"I've  always love  going to to Asian festival so much wonderful food. This year i notice that security was more enforced. I also enjoy the shows and to learn about the Asian culture.

My Wife love to shop at the market place and find lots of  those hidden gems. I think the food prices are reasonable especially egg rolls, crab rangoon, the beverages. My wife loved the strawberry lemonade it was nice and refreshing on a hot summer day. My favorite was the lumpia which we found at a Philippine vendor. 

Looking forward to next year where I think I'll be a little more adventurous and try different foods."
Let me start off by saying this is our first time eating Indonesian food and we love it. This is a new restaurant 2 weeks old, They have Complimentary Valet parking, I don't know if it's every day but we came here on Saturday, February 16 for dinner. We like the set up full bar and spacious seating. Excellent Customer Service and The food OMG!! They give out complementary shrimp crackers with a few different sauce one is sweet one is spicy and their pickle, The pickle was so good!! We start with Sate Selections children kebab with peanut sauce and acar it was so good,The best vegetarian Fry rice I ever had! I love the way they steamed the veggie so you can still taste the crunch and the freshness of everything and it was well season! My husband had the Gule Kambing the Grilled rack of Lamb cooked in curry sauce it comes with steam rice and veggie and their famous mango chutney ,he said it was tender and well seasoned everything was fresh and so tasty. for dessert we could not just try one. We tried the Colenak which was highly recommended by our waitress, and we had the Kolak Pisang they both was very good. We had the chance of meeting the owner Ivan he was very professional and friendly he went around talking to everyone and introducing himself, I thought that was very nice. we enjoyed our experience and we will definitely be back.
"Ordered take out here from here and tried two mains and an app. the other night. The food was delicious and I'd recommend trying it as it's not your standard East-Asian fare but be warned, it is pricey.

Our total came to just over $50 for the pangsit appetizer (duck and foie gras in wonton skin), Nasi Goreng (the Indonesian fried rice), and the ayam bakar bumbu rujak (grilled chicken dish). The grilled chicken had a delightful bbq flavor and the coconut curry sauce it came in was bomb. The three chicken pieces weren't very much considering the price but again it was tasty and so were the veggies. The fried rice came in a nice portion with little shrimps, a hen egg, and bits of other nice meats that added some flavor. The pangsit was also amazing and I loved the tangy sauce that it came in. I wish again the portion was a little bigger but I guess it's got foie gras in it, not sure how much you can ask for there."
Nice decor, romantic atmosphere, great music that's not too loud. Convenient location in the middle of the city.  We tried the Lychee margarita which is great and strong.  The Balinese veggie with lemongrass tofu dish I got is pretty standard and no surprise; I would not recommend ordering it. My husband got the 4 course which he loved. The dessert is awesome. We got the Coleman and It has such a unique taste.
This was my first time having Indonesian food, and I really liked it! The dinner is good (I got the vegetarian rijsttafel, which is basically a giant sampler with a diverse spread ranging from eggplant to tempeh to pickled veggies), but the appetizers are where it's at. I had the foie gras, tempeh, tuna tacos, and mussels, and I would get them all again.
i have seen it as one of the best indonesian restaurants in Atlanta. The food is very good. i had the beef rendang so yummy and the owner is very friendly and welcoming
This was our first time trying Indonesian food and this place did not disappoint. The restaurant is beautiful, the service is great, and the food is amazing. The mahi mahi with the coconut rice and the duck breast..... Will definitely be back!!!
Good Indonesian food with the twist  great ambience and the staff are very nice and attentive, I will recommend the Rack of Lamb, lumpia and their guava passion fruit cheesecake so delicious, will definitely be back in this new spot in Buckhead, can't go wrong with food and place, luv it!!!
Amazing, amazing...amazing food, first Indonesian cuisine that goes beyond my expectations, amazing food, got very nice ambience and the staff is very very friendly, i will definitely be back for more!!Satay chicken was amazing, the beef rendang are superb!! Just melted oin your mouth.. the desert Kolak was outstanding, i like the appetizers kroket too is so delicious, brand new place and will be my new spot for the weekend!! Keep up the good work!!
"First time visit! Wonderful food, great service. The restaurant has a very open and peaceful atmosphere. Wonderful ambiance.  The chicken and lamb Saté Selections with the peanut sauce were fantastic. I had to savor every bite. The Ayam Bakar Bumbu Rujak was very good. The chicken breast was grilled perfectly. It was very juicy and moist. Not over cooked at all. The chilli paste was spicy enough--not too spicy--it had the right amount of ""kick"".  The sari kaya crème brûlée was very good! My first time having crème brûlée ever. I highly recommend this restaurant for those seeking to venture into Indonesian food."
"What you need to know: Complimentary Valet on Saturdays (don't know about other days), same shopping center as Imperial Fez, Full Bar, You can order individually or order their four course set menu.

I'm always down for trying something different and ever since I had Indonesian food in London, I've been craving something here, so as soon as I heard of this place I knew I had to try it. Tucked away in a nondescript location and perhaps a bit overshadowed by it's more famous neighbor Imperial Fez, Win definitely has some things working against it, but once you taste their food, you won't be disappointed.

Food: Let me start by saying Indonesian food is really unique, it's a hodge podge of Indian, East Asian, and South East Asian with its own island twist. We started off with the Satay because we were told by the hosts that it was one of their specialties. I have to say these satays (we got lamb and chicken) were really delectable. They were grilled to perfection and seasoned really well - the peanut sauce it came with was a perfect compliment to the satay. After recommendations from Julie, one of the hosts, we both ended up getting the Rendang as our main course, which is basically a braised short rib off the bone in a savory sauce, with asparagus, fried rice cake, and some other veggies. This entree was fantastic! The beef was super tender and for the most part very juicy, even though as I got towards the center of mine it became a little dry, but thankfully there was tons of sauce to make up for it. I thought the fried rice cake was a very unique touch and while at first I would've rather had just a standard scoop of Jasmine rice, I ended up craving that fried crunch by the end of the meal. The veggies were all pretty standard, I wish they had put some seasoning on them, but thinking back, it was refreshing to have some plain veggies to compliment the big flavor of the meat.

Drinks: We ordered two glasses of their Cabernet Sauvignon, don't remember which brand it was but it was decent enough, not super dry but still did the trick.

Service: Our waitress Kyra(sp?) was absolutely amazing! Constantly refilled our waters, checked on us periodically, gave us recommendations, and made sure we were always taken care of. Julie and Ivan (the host/owner) were super welcoming and very friendly. They talked us through a history of the restaurant before the meal and made sure to let us know what kind of concept they were going for with this restaurant, as well as the fame surrounding their award-winning chef (he's been on the food network and owns one of the top 100 restaurants in the US). They're definitely all about exposing people to the Indonesian culture which I loved.

Ambience: Modern-Casual-Chic. I'd say proper attire is business casual here. When you walk in you quickly noticed how clean everything is and the very modern-upscale look that they were going for, while still maintaining a cultural vibe with the decorations.

Price: I will say I thought it was a bit too overpriced (ended up spending $100+ for two people) and perhaps could've been a bit less, but for Buckhead I wouldn't expect much, and to be fair the food was great quality as was the service.

Parking - This is virtually non-existent, so you have to valet. It was complimentary when I went (on a Saturday), but I don't know if it is on other days so I would call ahead and ask - as always though, tip your valet.

All in all, I'll definitely be back to try their other dishes and can't wait to see this restaurant take off! Nothing better than seeing Buckhead get more diverse."
"I was inspired to check out this restaurant because my longtime friend and fellow Elite Yelper, Daniel B. checked them out last month. My dear friend Jessica C. was planning a trip to Indonesia later this spring so decided this was the perfect opportunity to check out WIN.
The reservation process was smooth and simple. Listiani took care of our reservations and everything was seamless from that point on.
We had dinner reservations for last Friday night. It was a slow night but we got a chance to take advantage of the 4 course dinner for $32 per person while sitting at the bar.

I highly recommend the 4 course dinner if you're new to WIN because it gives you a chance to sample many options for a GREAT price. My favorites were the Soto Ayam - chicken soup and their Rendang - 24 hour braised short ribs. YUM.  Love how the chicken broth is poured at the table into your soup bowl and the meat was cooked to perfection and was falling off the bone.  Seasoned well, I appreciated that the braised short ribs were not too salty or bland.

I can't wait to return to the restaurant again and introduce new friends and my boyfriend to WIN's menu.  Shout out to the lovely staff that took great care of us during our first visit: Citra, Kyra and Iman!

This restaurant is located in the heart of Buckhead off of Peachtree Rd. in the same shopping center as Imperial Fez and in front of Pure Dental Health."
"Wow.

Not sure what else to say.

Beautiful decor, and the food is amazing.  Indonesian food, like many in ""areas"" of the world, shares common traits witb neighboring cultures.  This is not street food.  It's a beautiful restaurant, with wonderful food and service, that beautifully represents an ancient culture wkth a modern flare.

Only drawback is parking.

Figure it out, and try this place.  Apparently it's 10 days or so old, but more than worth it."
"This is one of my favorite stops whenever I travel to Atlanta.  I have always been greated with a warm welcome and outstanding service.  More importantly, the food is exceptional and a great value.  I highly recommend trying the Rijsttafel---an individual platter that contains numerous small dishes of a variety of items, including meat and vegetables, salads, rice, and others.  Each platter is designed to serve 1 person and there is plenty of food.  It's such fun for each member of a group to get the Rijsttafel and discuss their favorites.  This restaurant should be on the ""must"" list of everyone who enjoys food, new experiences, and a great time.  Lastly, the restaurant is beautiful inside.  Dress is varied---some were dressed up; others casual.  I've enjoyed every visit to Win and highly recommend this beautiful restaurant."
This is a fusion Indonesian restaurant. This place takes indonesian dishes to the next level. I had the the Rijsttafel plate which contains gado gado (indonesian salad with peanut dressing), beef rendang, and chicken satay. It was very good! This plate is so worth it since you get to try 3 different dishes in one plate. I also got the pork belly, it is served with mashed potatoes and some steamed vegetables also very good. The tenderness and sweetness were perfect. Another one was the gule lamb, it was lamb racks in curry sauce and served with some steamed vegetables and Jasmine rice. The lamb was well cooked and tender. Everything was very tasty. We got a colenak dessert at the end of our meal. It's highly recommended. Colenak is a deep fried fermented cassava with sweet black rice, and it's served with vanilla ice cream. Location is good and it has spacious parking lot in the front and back of the building.
"It has been way too long for Atlanta not to have an Indonesian restaurant and WIN Indonesian Grill Gastrobar has filled that empty slot with a great restaurant with authentic (a little compromise for the American flavor) food.
We had the rijsttafel sampler and were enjoyed with the smell and taste of the food we remember from growing up in the Netherlands.
Leave space for desert as those are excellent.
A perfect mixture of fruits, ice cream and liqueur based sauces (Bailey's etc.).

The only issue was finding the restaurant as the address incorrectly indicate 2285 Peachtree Rd NE. It is located 2285 Peachtree Rd NW.

We can't wait to go back and bring our friends."
"Having been to other restaurants of the owner/founder, was anxious to try this trendy new Indonesian delicacy on Peachtree next door to Imperial Fez. 

I love this area of town with so many options, but so happy to see an upscale, elegant eatery focused on true indonesian  inspiration and lead by a top chef in the industry for his culinary expertise. So just south of Piedmont on Peachtree, this restaurant is a comfortable, very elegant treat and addition to the area and a true must try. I brought my son in for a night of flavors and experiences we have not had before with authentic Indonesian fares which did not disappoint. 

We started with one of their many signature martinis and could not decide so ordered 3 appetizers while we pondered the menu. We started with the tuna tacos which I love- small, crunchy, tuna/avocado/sesame oil, cilantro- perfect bites for what I was hoping for. Then the oysters ceviche , NW pacific oysters with scallions, lemon grass, served on a slate board . These are very tasty and excellent starts for the night. We then came back as I noticed the lobster bisque on the specials menu and had to try it. Absolutely the best surprise for me as I love lobster bisque and this did not disappoint. 

Large lobster claw meat in the bottom of a bowl, served table side and with the bisque poured over the lobster to form a perfect presentation . The taste was like non I have had.  A bit of turmeric and cumin in a seafood bisque that was a pleasing toe the pallet as it was to eat. The lobster was plentiful, the soup was flavorful, rich and the Asian accents made this a true delight. 

For our entrees we settled on the Opor Bebek- generous portion of sliced duck breast and leg confit, with foie gras, vegetables, traditional white rice covered with a succulent sauce of meat drippings, coconut milk, some Indonesian spices. Not greasy or tough, cooked a perfect MR, this has to be the best duck I have had ever, anywhere. I truly enjoyed the flavor, the texture and only yearned for more vegetables to help me ensure I was able to scoop up all the sauce and rice so my plate was completely cleaned. I definitely cleaned the plate and highly recommend this dish. 

My son chose his favorite of rack of lamb or the Gule Kambing- another excellent presentation and tasty dish of generous portions of MR lamb, rice and vegetables also in a uniquely  different Indonesian sauce that made this lamb tender, yet familiar for those lamb lovers who expect the best. We did ensure we got all the meat of the bone so was not embarrassed to pick the legs up with our fingers and chew the best of the meat off getting every bite and again, cleaning the plate. 

Ending with the Colenak- traditional Indonesian fermented cassava with black rice and baileys, in a rich sugary sauce that was seemingly like a bread pudding but again, uniquely different and delicious. !! Each bite was a treat. I opted for the Kolak Pisang- bananas poached in coconut milk with a small cake/pie of bananas, banana liquor, elegant cookies and both deserts with homemade ice cream and fruit. 

Between each course, we opted to try several of the mixologist special martinis which I have posted on my pictures. My favorite 2 being the spicy margarita ( I'll call it that by taste) with jalapeño, rim dipped in spices and sugar for a stout yet pleasing cocktail to enjoy. The Lychee martini had 3 Lychee fruits on a skewer over the top and a martini that was had an after taste of - flowers! I felt as if I had taken the essence of a rose and paired it with the fresh taste of the Lychee fruit ( Another Indonesian surprise) for a light yet refreshing martini. 

Win has a wonderful and clean atmosphere, built in fireplace wall with changing colors, a beautiful bar and elegant seating area for the upscale eatery it is. As a newcomer to the  market, I will be back for the short ribs, and try maybe the 4 course Indonesian set menu ( only $32) but want to be sure I get all they have to offer for their culture. I have never been to a true Indonesian restaurant and with the elegant design, wine list and ambiance, my next visit will be with a date and friends as this is a very romantic and classy addition with valet parking, easy in and out onto Peachtree and near to the other venues in the area we've come to love. 

The staff is relentless in their kindness and attentiveness completing an evening that was a true delight and a place we can truly come back to and never have the same thing twice- accept the martinis of course. It is truly the perfect addition to the area and something you can visit a couple of times a week and enjoy each night as a different experience. Highly recommend. !!"
We had a great time at Win, with the food being a creative way of traditional Indonesian dishes. Growing up in Holland we eat Indonesian dishes a lot and Win had all of them. from the Gado-Gado to the Sate they had it all. We especially loved the 4-course option that was a great way to enjoy a bit of everything. Especially with a larger group this was a perfect option for us to enjoy a wide variety of items and enjoy our evening. Definitely the best Indonesian restaurant in Atlanta.
We visited at the recommendation of a friend on a Tue night. Since there were so many menu options, we ordered the Rijsttafel tasting sample for 2 people. Everything was delicious and the service was friendly. We'll be back again to order larger portions of what we liked on the rijsttafel.
This place was great food a date night!! The sampler was such a delight! The staff was super helpful in deciding what to get!
Amazing food. I got the set option for $28 and it was a huge spread of different kinds of meats, veggies, fried rice and silicious fried bananas. They also gave you free appetizers (shrimp cake with some sauce). The interior is also very pleasant. Highly recommended if you want to try Indonesian food in Atlanta.
I tried the duck breast dish (opor  bebek ) and it was really tasty! but it is described as duck breast, confit duck leg, foie gras) but there was no confit or foie gras in the dish so they may need to update this dish.
Just went to Win for the first time tonight and it was amazing.   Decor and music/atmosphere very cool, but not over-the-top, intimidating cool.   Just chill...  Service was attentive without being oppressive and fussy.  And the best is the food.  We had the pork and chicken sates to start, and shared the short ribs and grilled chicken breast as entrees.  Amazing and complex flavor profiles perfectly prepared.   So glad they've opened in the neighborhood and we plan to go back often with friends and family.   Well done!
"Let me start by saying i love trying new spot, and this new spot is Indonesian food, place is really cool amd modern contemporary mix with traditional decor, the food was amazing!!! Especially the "" beef rendang"" and the steak! Also cant go wrong with their Satay! They do have good selection of wine as well, service was great and attentive, food was excellent. I will definitely be back to try new items next time:)) love it))"
Phenomenal is the best word to describe this restaurant.  This was our second time at WIN. They truly made us feel welcome and the food was delicious!  Highly recommend the short ribs, but everything is very good. Lastly, the staff is wonderful and very attentive.
"I was not in a curry to leave WIN!

Came in with a group on a Tuesday night. Ample parking available, in the front and behind the restaurant. The place was empty, but we saw a couple of customers come in for take-out orders. The space is absolutely beautiful with modern touches. Very clean. Plenty of seating. 

We started with drinks. I ordered the Paradise Martini which came with pineapple, mango, dark aged rum, and a hint of coconut. Sweet and refreshing!

Our group shared the following apps:
Pangsit $8
Hand Rolled Vegetable Lumpia $8
Gohu Tuna Taco $9
Prince Edward Mussels $9
Tahu & Tempe Bacem $7

The apps were fantastic! Beautifully plated, too. The pangsit and the tuna tacos were my personal favorites. I enjoyed the crunch of the pangsit and the flavors of the tuna tacos.

Each of us ordered the Dinner Rijsttaffel $28, which included: Gado Gado, Chicken Sate, Acar, Sayur Asem, Tahu Goreng with Garlic Seasoning, Rendang Sapi, Sambai Telur Balado, Gulai Daun Kale, Serundeng, Ayam Kremes, Gulai Kambing, Nasi Putih, Kerupuk, and Emping. Each item had it's own plate. It's really neat to see everything in one tray. It's like we each had our own spread! Everything looked fresh. The items were unique and flavorful! I especially enjoyed the chicken sate, gado gado, and gulai kambing. 

The sate is marinated and grilled chicken breast with peanut sauce and acar. Gado gado is a salad with garden fresh vegetables, tofu, boiled hen egg, and peanut sauce. The gulai kambing is lamb in curry and coconut milk sauce. Deeelicious! There was so much food, I had to take about half of my spread to go. The leftovers were just as good the next day!

We thoroughly enjoyed the food and the experience. The staff was super friendly, attentive, and accommodating. They explained each item to us well. The prices were reasonable for the portions. I would def return!"
Great Rijsttafel and the grill options.  Very tasty food and attentive service.   Ambience is also nice, good to have groups as well as small gathering.  I very much enjoyed our dinner.
"A good friend of ours highly recommended this place to us. And since we were in the area we decided to find this place and give it a try!  

The physical address is in the 2285 Peachtree Rd NE, located in the same plaza as The Imperial Fez. Since they recently opened early February, there is still not a lighted sign visible from the street so it's hard to locate at night and parking is limited up front but there is parking behind the restaurant. This diamond in the rough is truly worth trying!!

Their food style is the one and only fine dining Indonesian fusion and Gastrobar inside the city of Atlanta.  Apparently their menu changes monthly so we will definitely see what the upcoming months have to offer. 

To give a little bit of background to the chef, food is prepared by award winning Chef Yono Purnomo who has received many awards of excellence and has over 49 years of experience!  

Staff is very hospitable and accommodating. While waiting for our meal, some of the owners as well as the CEO came to greet us and ask how our meal was! Special thanks to Julie and Ivan for making our dinner a memorable experience! 

When we went in for a meal there always a set 4 course meal to try a majority of their current menu.  The 4 courses consisted of an appetizer, soup, salad, and main entree.  Chicken sate was exceptionally good! Nice and hot and tender! Soup was a Chicken and vegetable soup, salad had a peanut flavor to it so if you're allergic to peanuts you might want to give your server a heads up and help to avoid any reactions! 

I'll let the pictures speak for themselves.  But just to let you know, the beef short ribs were amazing! They type of meat that you can cut with a spoon tender and flavorful as well!  

""Terima kasih dan makan enak!"""
"My most favorite restaurant ever!! The food is amazing in every way! This is the second time that I visiting This place and I try to ordered different food  today which is Fried rice "" Nasi goreng"" And Fresh garden vegetables "" gado gado "" never once been disappointed. The taste also delicious ! the wait staff are the greatest! Very attentive and accommodating! I very highly recommend this restaurant for the best fine dining experience!!"
This place is the place to be for a date night. The staff is friendly and super knowledgeable. Great food! No doubt a 5 star gig!!
Made me feel like I was back in Bali! Had the Vegetarian platter and the Bali Mix Grill (Shrimp skewers; Ribs; Satay) Everything we had was delicious! If you have never tried Indonesian food, you need to come here for your first experience.
"Fantastic place to eat. As a Dutch native, this comes really close to the Indonesian I'm familiar with!  It's a 40min drive from Marietta, but worth every mile.
Best Indonesian restaurant in Atlanta and her suburbs!"
"According to our hostess, WIN stands for ""Wonderful Indonesia"" and our experience last week was just that - wonderful. 
I've had this place bookmarked since it first opened about a year ago, but rarely do I find myself in this area until recently. 

Parking: Limited parking. There are a few spaces in front of the restaurant and another handful in the back. There's a sign directing you to go up the ramp to the designated WIN parking spots. 

The inside very nicely decorated. The restaurant was pretty slow for lunch. Besides us, there were a few single diners and one big group. I suspect it's because they're a drive away from the heart of Midtown. If they were walking distance, I would have for sure been here by now. 

Food: The lunch menu is very reasonably priced and extensive. Since it was our first time, we opted for samplers. 

* Shrimp Chips (Complimentary): Anything complimentary is always nice. And instead of bread, you get shrimp chips. However, I have to admit, I've had better shrimp chips. These are pretty tasteless :/ 

* Rijsttafel ($14): It's a combination meal of Indonesian dishes-- basically a sample of various small dishes with jasmine rice. The lunch rijsttafel included:
1. Rendang: Slowly simmered beef in coconut milk
2. Babi Kecap: Pork in soy sauce
3. Sambal Tahu: tofu in spicy sauce (It's not spicy at all)
4. Bado Bado: Salad with peanut dressing
5. Sambal Goreng Kentag: Caramelized crispy potato
6. Acar: Sweet and sour cucumber salad
7. Sayur Daun Kale: Braised kale in chili sauce
8. Pisang Goreng: Fried Bananas
9. Jasmine Rice

Of all of these, my favorites are: Babi Kecap, Sambal Goreng Kentang and the Pisang Goreng https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Xw0PHoiTq5G8lsUYVv5BcQ&userid=DXdO88SrAIqXhq0zUAkHOw&utm_campaign=www_photo_share_popup&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_source=(direct)

The hostess/server told us that they allow substitutions. Meat for meat. Veggies for veggies. And you can also add items a la carte. I think this is a really good deal--especially if you're trying this place out for the first time. The dinner prices are double ($28) for only an additional 2-3 dishes. 

* Sate Samplers (6 skewers of any combination for $14): WIN offers 6 different types of sate skewers. The sampler is the best where you can try 2-3 types in one order. We opted for the beef and shrimp. The sauces on these are pretty light which I liked. If you're picky about sauces like me, I would recommend asking for the sauces on the side. Then you can pick, choose dip as you please. Of the two, my favorite was the shrimp! https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4ltpoY__AMu8UAGKUqJjZQ&userid=DXdO88SrAIqXhq0zUAkHOw&utm_campaign=www_photo_share_popup&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_source=(direct)

Service: Good! For one lady working the entire restaurant, I would say she did very well. My mom's really big on getting hot water at restaurants and the lady brought out a thermal water jug so she can pour herself more whenever needed. 

Overall, I had a great experience. I will definitely be back again!"
If u ever come to Atlanta u have to try strett food from my beloved country Indonesia the food is fenomenal def I will come back highly recommend
Were looking for a spot and came across Win and it was fantastic. Had the tasting menus and enjoyed everything. Also had the chicken satay. I would highly recommend checking it out!
"Made a reservation for a Saturday night. It was about half-full when I came for dinner, so reservations probably weren't needed for my party of 4. 

We all ordered the tasting menu. There is a really good variety of every dish! Also a great portion because I was extremely full. 

The only snafu we had was a piece of black hair on our wine glass. When we asked to have a replacement, no one ever said sorry. They replaced it immediately though. 

Other than that, service was great. They checked on us often and explained the dishes to us."
"A few things I enjoyed about WIN: the ambiance, warm service and a variety of options offered. ATL doesn't have much options for Indonesian, so even though I'm usually skeptical about fusion fare, I still wanted to give WIN a try since it was pretty new in the area.    
During our visit, we were pretty eye hungry so ended up getting a lot and actually finished everything. 

We tried the following:
[Appetizers]
-Prince Edward Mussels: The favorite item of the entire dinner. The sauce had plenty of flavor of lemongrass/turmeric. We should have ordered 2 plates of these.
-Chicken Sate: The reviews were raving about these, I thought they were just average and could have lived without them. 
-Kroket Ayam: I generally like potato croquettes, at WIN they were good and crisped just right. 

[Main Courses]
-Four Course meal- Included: Chicken Sate, Chicken/Veggie soup, Indonesian salad, Rendang (24 hour braised beef short ribs). This combo is highly recommended if it is your first time. It was eye catching since it included the Sate and the short ribs which were noted as the popular items, so it made sense so we could try the other items out included. The ribs entree fell short for expectations. I dont know if it was an off day, but they were kind of chewy and not very tender. Entree portion itself was really small. 

-Opor Bebek Danau Toba -Duck Breast Entree: This was good and cooked well. I try to get a duck entree wherever it is offered. The boiled veggies that came with it were kind of a let down since I expected more creativity. 

[Desserts]
Both desserts was a great ending to the dinner, they were unique and I like the balance of warm/indulging with a side of ice cream. Neither were extremely sweet and good to give a try. 
-Colenak: A cassava based dessert which includes black sweet rice and a hint of baileys served with vanilla ice cream. 

-Kolak Pisang: caramelized banana in coconut milk, palm sugar and banana liquor with a small cake and ice cream."
Wonderful experience. We ordered off the street food menu and all the dishes were delicious. We had the shrimp tempura, pork dumplings, and saté tasting. Great value for the level of dining we experienced as well. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone that wants to try Indonesian cuisine.
"I don't write too many reviews these days unless a restaurant really deserves a shout-out. WIN was a fantastic experience with great food. I originally had rijstafel in Amsterdam where Indonesian food is heralded as one of the better culinary experiences (cuz traditional Dutch food ain't all that) and I gotta say WIN stands up to the dishes I had in Amsterdam. Service is great and attentive and this place has a happy hour Monday through Thursday. 

If you want something different than the hundreds of Italian, Korean, or southern in the city, come check this place out!"
Win is still serving up deliciously tasty morsels!! Don't drive down Peachtree without stopping here! Fantastic and unique Satay, chicken vegetable soup and spring rolls! Beautifully decorated interior!
"This Indonesian restaurant was amazing. Have not been to a rice table restaurant since we were in Amsterdam, many years ago. It exceeded our expectations. It is on open table, as well.

It is next to Imperial Fez on Peachtree Street, free parking!!!!

We went for lunch and know we will be back for dinner, soon

The restaurant is very clean and the food was outstanding as was the service.

You can get other items but sampling so many dishes, YUMMMM  My favorite was the chicken grilled, and the fried chicken. The tofu and kale veggies were amazing.  

They have a vegan menu as well."
This place reminds me so much of the Rijsttafel (Rice Table) that I had in Amsterdam. The food is so good I can't wait to go back.
"This place was so wonderful the bartender was very accommodating to what we wanted and made a amazing drink for me it was sooo delicious I got the mahi mahi with coconut rice it was so
Good the cooks where accommodating as well
There where going through a menu change and they still cooked us some things that's on the old menu love this place very whites and clean and Suttle will be back"
"There are Indonesian restaurants in metro Atlanta, but none quite like WIN Indonesian Grill & Gastrobar. WIN is the first exclusively-Indonesian, higher-end restaurant in the city that I can think of.

These guys opened on the ground floor of the Peachtree Battle Condominium building, next to the old longtime Imperial Fez space, in February 2019. I first visited this restaurant at that time for one of their grand opening events. Since that time, the business has already changed hands from founder Ivan Raintung.

Compared to other Indonesian restaurants in the Atlanta area, WIN is classed up. It's the kind of place you'd go for a nice date night or fun group outing. With their beautiful decor and stylish dish/drink presentation, you can tell they care about look and ambiance. I wouldn't classify this place as fine dining because it's still casual, but the experience is elevated to a certain extent. When it comes to atmosphere, a good comparison would be some of the more chic Thai restaurants around town like 26 Thai Kitchen & Bar and Tuk Tuk Thai Food Loft.

I've been here two times now and during both of my visits, I was able to find free parking behind the restaurant. There doesn't seem to be a whole lot of parking on-site so you might want to call ahead just in case and ask where the best places to park might be.

I revisited this restaurant recently and ordered takeout. Despite Governor Kemp reopening dining rooms across the state, WIN's dining room was still closed during my visit. WIN was, however, continuing to offer all-day pick-up and delivery with 10% discounts given to customers who picked up and 20% discounts given to medical workers. Very kind of them to do that.

I think the menus on WIN's website are small and hard to read. They're low-resolution so when you try to zoom in to see them better, they get all blurry and pixelated. I had better luck by clicking on the Grubhub logo on the bottom of their menu page and looking at their menu on Grubhub's site instead: https://bit.ly/2WbXmKN.

I ended up choosing two of their most popular menu items according to Grubhub:

* Rijsttafel for Two ($36)
Indonesian multi-dish meal developed during Dutch colonial era
- Rendang - slowly simmered beef in coconut milk
- Babi Kecap - pork in aromatic soy sauce
- Kare Ikan - fish in curry sauce
- Ayam Rujak - chicken with spicy coconut sauce
- Gado Gado - salad with peanut dressing
- Sayur Daun Kale - braised kale in chili sauce
- Nasi Goreng - fried rice

* Sate Mix Grill ($30)
- Sate Maranggi - beef sate with sweet soy sauce and peanut sauce
- Sate Kambing - lamb sate with sweet soy sauce
- Sate Ayam - chicken sate with peanut sauce

Their other popular item right now is their 3-in-1 Indonesian rice bowl which gives you a choice of rice (steamed or fried) and protein (six choices including vegetarian tofu curry). The third component of the rice bowl is Oseng Sayur (Indonesian sauteed veggies). One bowl is $12.

Both the Rijsttafel and Sate Mix Grill hit the spot. My fiancee and I enjoyed both. The food was substantial. Packed to-go, the bag had quite a bit of weight to it. Portions were fairly generous and the food lasted the two of us three meals, so I'd say it was a reasonable value for what we got. I was not underwhelmed with WIN's takeout portions like I have been with some other meals we've purchased from other restaurants recently.

I recommend both the Rijsttafel and the Sate Mix Grill because they showcase a lot of what the restaurant has to offer. In total, between the two, we got to eat 10 different dishes. They ranged from OK to great.

Our favorites were the Babi Kecap (braised pork with sweet soy sauce), Kare Ikan (fish curry), Sate Maranggi (beef skewer), and Sate Kambing. They were terrific. In general, most of the dishes were very flavorful and often rich, the latter being especially true for the skewers. There were four skewers of each type. Each set was served in its own box filled with sauce. The skewers came with a side of white sticky rice which was a welcome addition because of how thick and rich the sauces were. The sauces tasted fantastic, but some people may find them too sugary and unhealthy.

On the menu, the Rijsttafel is described as coming with Sayur Daun Kale (braised kale in chili sauce), but it was more like braised kale in coconut broth. Whatever it was, it was good. The salad and fried rice were simple and yummy. I do think the Rijsttafel could stand to come with more vegetables. It seemed to be unbalanced in favor of meat and carbs. The Rendang, Ayam Rujak (chicken with spicy coconut sauce), and Sate Ayam (chicken skewer) were all A-OK. The Ayam Rujak used what I think was chicken breast so it was a bit on the drier side.

Service was excellent. I ordered, paid and tipped over the phone with Aphen. He told me the food would be ready in 25 minutes. I arrived at the restaurant in exactly 25 minutes and he was ready with our order. Nice guy and great timing."
"This is super super late review. But just want to give a shout out to the only high end indonesian restaurant that i've ever been to , here in US. Took my parents here on December 2019. They approved the food, the taste hit the right button of their indonesian palate. And my husband also loved everything he ordered. And to top it all, i definately appreciated the clean and nice restroom ( which is rare  to find for asian restaurant in general)
The only thing thats lacking  was the service, it was quite slow. But kuddos to the chef/cook behind the scene"
What a wonderful surprise! Truly flavorful and reasonably priced. Ordered take-out Saturday night - Beef Rendang - simmered beef in coconut milk, chicken sate, and vegetable spring rolls. Delicious, good portion size and affordable. I want this restaurant to stay around. I live in the area and want to be able to get tasty take-out locally.
The setting is not authentic--bars like this are rare in Indonesia. But the food is 100 percent. Go for the rijstafel, which consists of samples of many foods surrounding a small dish of fried rice. The best beef rendang I've had outside Indonesia, and better than many places I've had it there. Superb sate ayam (chicken satay). Kari ikan (fish curry) a real standout. Several traditional vegetable dishes were good, and there is also a vegan rijstael. They also have alcohol, which you often can't get in Indo. A real standout.
We went tonight after reading the reviews. All of us got the tasting menu Rijstoffel. I am used to tasting menus where they bring out a dish one at a time and you have to share. We loved that they brought out 4 huge trays, one for each of us, filled with al the tiny dishes. I asked and they explained what each dish was. Our favorites were the chicken satay in peanut sauce and beef satay, the fish was excellent, actually all the dishes were tasty, some more than others and for $28 it was a good value. I hope their business picks up, they deserve it - we were the only ones there except for one person at the bar, on a Wednesday night. I will definitely go back!
Absolutely amazing food, great ambiance, and a restaurant that my wife and I would recommend to ANYONE.
The atmosphere and ambiance is super nice! Candles, a fireplace, nice tables. We went for lunch and had the rijsttafel sample and street food sampler. The food was good but I didn't think it had a lot of flavor. The spices were too tempered in my opinion. I would go back though and try a regular entree to see if they had more flavor. The service was great!
Great date night location or place to take guests. The Rijsttafel was Amaizing. Enough food for two. Had great flavors all across the pallet. The atmosphere was nice and calm, the staff was extremely good and friendly. I highly recommend this place.
Wow!!! This was such an amazing assortment of delicious dishes to get all at the same time! My wife and I did two of the Rijsttafel (rice table) servings and they covered the full four top table. This is a great way to try out Indonesian food if you're new to it. Our tasting even included a small portion of fried chicken that was up there with the best I've ever had. Cocktails were spot on: I did the old fashioned and Manhattan while my wife did the Lychee martini. All were solid drinks and the bartender even created a spicy vodka martini especially for my wife. Lastly, because we like having food to take home, we snuck in an order of the Indonesian fried rice and that was delicious, generous portions of chicken and shrimp and a little heat. I really can't say enough about this restaurant. Try it!
This is the restaurant you want to go to if you're looking for a unique tapas experience but Indonesian style. It was an explosion of flavors and a perfect place to have a sampling taste of everything and will satisfy your appetite. My favorites were the gado gado, panksit, and satay ayam!
"WIN truly offers one of the most unique dining experiences in Atlanta. Before dining here, I had very little knowledge about Indonesian cuisine besides sambal and peanut sauce, so I was excited to learn more during my visit. The atmosphere is spacious, clean and romantically-lit, a welcoming sanctuary that contradicts it's humble location in a Buckhead strip mall. I came as part of a large group for an event, so we sat at a large table in the back private room. Our group started with crackers, both bean and prawn, served with the ubiquitous sambal- the sauce was delicious, more nuanced and less spicy than what one typically finds in stores. We also sampled a few pre-dinner snacks, including corn fritters and chicken pastries, along with selections from their succinct wine list. Although the service was a bit delayed, we were absolutely gobsmacked when our food finally arrived. Our prix-fixe menu featured selections from their rijstaffel menu. Rijstaffel- Dutch for ""rice table""- is a traditional Indonesian meal made popular during the country's Dutch colonial area, and is a tradition popular in both Indonesia and the Netherlands. Given enough time and exposure, I assume that rijstaffel could become just as popular in Atlanta, as it was incredible. Each of us got an enormous, teakwood tray lined with about 12 small, ceramic bowls featuring various Indonesian delicacies, making for a wonderfully elegant and dramatic presentation. Both a vegetarian and a non-vegetarian option was served, with several others in our group further modifying their orders to fit allergy/dietary needs, and the staff was more than happy to accommodate. I noted that my meal consisted of: a skewer of roasted Brussels sprouts with peanut sauce, stir-fried vegetables, stir-fried tofu and tempeh, an eggplant dish, a corn fritter, another tofu dish, creamed kale, a vegetable soup, fried potatoes, a fried banana, a sweet crunchy nut snack, fresh pickles and garden salad with peanut dressing. All of this was supported with a hearty portion of coconut milk rice. It made for a very interesting and fun experience, jumping from dish to dish, and a meal unlike anything I've ever had. WIN is a perfect choice for not only a diverse taste of Indonesian cooking, but a unique dining experience that you will likely never forget. Enjoy!"
I had a great experience visiting this restaurant! It's not common to find Indonesian food in the area, so I enjoyed the diversity. Win is also unique in its combination of the Indonesian food with the ambiance of fine dining! The staff were all very hospitable, the food delicious, and I actually came back 2 nights in a row! I enjoyed everything that I ate, which included the whole happy hour menu over the course of the two nights given that Both nights I came with friends and we ordered a bunch and then split everything in half lol. It was all delicious, there was nothing that I didn't like, and I recommend everything on the menu! I also highly recommend that you visit Win as well
We had a dinner last Friday and it was a great experience. We had Lumpia (vegetable rolls , very tasty) and Pangsit ( if you like duck and foie gras, you would love it) and Rendang (short ribs slow-cooked entree, super -tasty) for main course. We loved it all. Wine list is good, a few good selections. We found a wonderful Merlot, which goes extremely well with the food. Full bar with a number of interesting cocktails looks promising, but we opted  out for a bottle of a good red wine. For dessert we picked a guava cheesecake, super-delicious. The service is amazing, the staff is friendly and inviting. We are  planning to come back.
I've been to Indonesia and it's my favorite cuisine. I love that we have Buford Highway options, but was intrigued by the idea of something closer to the city and more upmarket. WIN did not let me down!! Had the vegetarian and meat rksitelli (spelling??) which was basically their tasting/sampler type thing. Every dish was delicious! Especially liked the rendang, pork kecap (pork in sweet soy sauce) and eggplant curry. Server was super friendly and attentive as well! I will be back!!!
"It's great to find an Indonesian restaurant in the Buckhead area. For the starters we had chicken sate. The peanut sauce that goes with the chicken sate is just perfect. They had other great starters I will be back to try, which are the tuna taco tartare and pangsit. 

I always love a good duck dish, so for the main dish i got the Opor Bebek Danau Toba. It's the duck breast, contit duck leg, foi gras, and coconut milk! Good portions and we also got the Colenak which is the Fermented Cassava with black sweet rice and vanilla ice cream. The food and dessert were great, and service was great. 

Great place to check out!"
"What a wonderful experience!! This place would be great for a first date, a meet-the-parents, or any other special dinner. The food is suitable for any palette but is unique and different so there is lots to talk about and enjoy. The staff were polite and friendly. 
They have a semi-private room if you need to host a dinner. 
I had the prix-fixe menu, Rijsttafel, and every course was better than the previous one!"
"The flavors of Bali have come to Buckhead!!!
Outstanding! Complicated! Layered! 
Don't be intimidated by words you can't pronounce. Your taste buds will be so, so happy! 
Pretend you are in Indonesia and dive right in to the four course meal. You will not regret it. Their chicken soup will be the next thing you crave!!!"
Very nice Decor as you walk in and the layout of the restaurant is beautiful. The service was extremely friendly and the owner came out to check on us on a number of occasions. We ordered from the fixed portion of the menu which is divided into vegetarian and non-vegetarian. We ordered both options and the food was delicious and the quantities were perfect for two heavy eaters. Highly recommend to give it a try.
Lovely place. I recommend make reservations bringing a large party and enjoy the rijsttafel (rice table)The best way to experience Indonesian cuisine.
I wanted to write in again to praise WIN and how well they've transitioned to a take-out model during this pandemic. The person who we picked up the food from was masked and gloved, and the modified Rijsttafel for two was absolutely delicious.
Best Indonesian restaurant in Atlanta ever, hands down. The new Rijstaffel menu is superb. It offers rich and authentic Indonesian taste. Price is very reasonable. The place is nice and clean.
Decent food. Super slow service. The restaurant is very chic, and was not busy at all. I don't know if people are aware of it or what. I didn't like how they only offer 3 selections and are in a tasting format. You get small bowls of food, and the variety is cool. But I wish they had an expanded menu so you can pick what you want.
This restaurant blew me away! I came on a whim since I had never tasted Indonesian Food. I went with the Rijsttafel Tasting option so I could try a bunch of different items and I literally loved it all! Highly recommend for anybody who wants to try something new!
"I was recommend by a family friend who know one of the worker who work in this restaurant, that is why I give it a try! This review will be based on my first impression of this place and I am also indonesian, so there is no bias in my review. We came during rush hours on a saturday for dinner and this is where we saw the real result of how a restaurant has the worst or great managament!!! We also have a reservation set at 6:30pm. First, this place has the worst customer service. There are only 2 service people running the floor. Divided to two different section of the restaurant. Me and my fiance choose our seats and we are sitting close by the wall side of the restaurant. We came by during valentine weekend. The section where we sit was managed by this skinny women with a short haircut and a glasses. She doesnt write down our orders and try to remember them by memory!! And when customers keep on coming after another, she forget the customers order! She get confuse easily and tend to deliver the wrong orders! This happens to the couple that was sitting next to me. Second, we order the Martabak and Bakwan Jagung as our appetiziers. And for our meal we have Ayam Kremes and the Rijsttafel $28. Took them about 30 mins or so for our appetiziers to come out and it was delicious. Then we waited for half hour to an hour for our meals to come!! We asks our servers and all she said just yes yes its coming meanwhile she is busy doing something else and moving around. She doesnt give us a proper respond and she also give other customers an atittudes as she was annoyed when they asks when their meals are coming. She was so stressed out and customers can see it right through of her. When I look around, I saw couples who come after us get their rijsttafel set for two meals first before us. I started to feel annoyed and was ready to leave the restaurant because it took them forever for our meal to come!! And it was almost 8pm!!! We asks the server again when is it coming, she said soon and its our turn next for our meal to come out!! Imagine how long I have been inside the restaurant since 6:30pm!! Finally, around 8 my fiance meal set come out and was told to share with him first!!! I was not happy about it!! And my meal took another 20 mins to arrived!!! I was happy that I finally get to have my meal because who doesnt come to the restaurant feeling super hungry and has to wait for our foods for soo longg!! Thirdly, my meal was super salty ( not tasty at all) and it didnt come with hot sauce, like it should!!! I asks for hot sauce she can only give me the same one as the first one she give me. That is fine with me cause I want to eat ASAP!! Because my tummy get bloated easily if I do not eat properly!! How many times she has to passed our table and finally relaize she need to give me the hot sauce that I asks for. After how many rounds and stop on our table, notice that I need something. She was too busy filling up our drinks tbh, its a way to bribe us so we are okay with waiting for our food too long!! Lastly, we asks for a dessert and I wanted to try their Kolak Pisang!! Was told by the same server that the kitchen is busy and their stuck, and I will have to wait little bit longer for it to come out!! Because the kitchen do not like to be rushed since they will get mad ( she is saying this in Indonesian to me which is these people native tounge) but she cant be this honest to other customers about this!! When my dessert come, there was no spoons with it and had to wait for a couple mins for our spoons. I decided to give this place a try because I was thinking that I can bring my parents there, who is coming next month for a visit and its her friend who recommended me to this restaurant. I personally will not come back here anymore!! We walk out of the restaurant at 9:24pm and the restaurant is close at 10pm!! Such a horrible experience!! I know that its a family business but they need more servers!! Its a disasters when people do not walk in and out within 2 hours timeframes is a max or less!!! I was there from 6: 30pm to 9:24pm. You  can see how long I have been there for!!  Parking is bad and not much space!! The restaurant it pitch dark!! There are only three people outside, two serves and one standing behind the bar! Btw, the chef from the kitchen has to come out to the floor to serves my food and some other customers as well!! There are to many people from other countries who are willing to try what indonesian foods taste like!! But, I do not see their food are very authentic as fellow indonesian. Which has answer my question after my experience tonight. I give a 3 stars because the server giving us free shrimp crackers with Sambal Terasi. Also, I like the bakwan jagung and my fiance like his meal including the martabak. (2pts). 



FYI: I did a research on this restaurant and the owners who decided to do this restaurant business. I think there is a lot of things need to be improve here. Thank you for the experie"
What a treat! Great food, nice atmosphere, excellent service! Nice bar area...Definitely on my list of favorite restaurants in Atlanta.
Wonderful ambience, service, and delicious food. Had a very enjoyable date night with my boo. We'll be coming back
"Date night for the WIN
Perfect date night with one of our fav couples for my belated birthday celebration. We chose @wingastrobar because we traveled to Bali, Indonesia a little over a year ago so we thought we should try this new Indonesian spot together and it is very impressive. Very nice space with sleek and simple interiors. Spectacular service and delicious food. They were so sweet and gave us a free appetizer with our meal. The tasty chicken skewers.  First up, Gohu Tuna tacos, perfect to share and has an amazing taste with the perfect crunch Next up, Tahu and Tempe Bacem, my FAV of the night. This is a Soybean cake with delicious Indonesian herb marinade. Then we had the Hand rolled vegetable Lumpia and their sauce is spectacular! We finally made it through to our main course and we all shared the Balinese Veggie with lemongrass--SO tasty and the Rendang, twenty-four hour braised beef short ribs with the perfect crispy rice and FINALLY for dessert we shared the Colenak, fermented cassava with black rice, Bailey's and vanilla ice cream and the Kolak Pisang, coconut milk with poached banana, palm sugar and banana liquor. Everything was seriously so good. We had an overall great experience and can't wait to come back!"
There isn't another dining experience quite like it in Atlanta. We all ordered the special dinner that's an assortment of something like 13 tastes of dishes, and each one was absolutely delicious. Perfect servings and so much fun. The drinks were pretty good too, and the restaurant has a beautiful build out! I highly recommend.
"I first learned of this restaurant when I was at my neighbor's place last Saturday and saw the menu from the restaurant. I opened my DoorDash app and realized DoorDash does deliver and I suggested we both ordered lunch from here. I ordered the Beef Rendang and let me say it was so good. However, note that the price for the beef rendang cost $15 Via delivery and plus delivery and taxes & fees by DoorDash, this lunch cost over $20. However, the same lunch would cost only $9 when dine in at the restaurant.

Today we made a trip over there and I suggested we should check out the Rijsttafel Tasting menu which comprises of 8 small plates and a bowl of jasmine rice. 

The Rijsttafel tasting menu ($14/person) comprises of:
Gado Gado - vegetables with peanut sauce
Rendang - simmered beef in coconut milk
Babi Kecap - pork in kecap with star anise and ketumbar
Sambal Tahu - tofu in spicy sauce
Sambal Kentang - salt & pepper potato
Acar - sweet & sour cucumber salad
Sayur Daun Kale - braised kale with chili sauce
Pisang Goreng- fried banana ball
Steamed Jasmine Rice

FOOD 5/5
Let me just say I love the Beef Rendang here and definitely the Rijsttafel tasting. With the Rijsttafel tasting, one gets to sample many of the dishes here in small portion. I would not hesitate to order the Rijsttafel tasting again simply cos every of the small dishes go so well with one another. The Pisang Goreng should definitely be eaten last since this is more of a dessert. I know the Rijsttafel is a little more elaborate with 15 items. For everyone with a bigger appetite or feeling super adventurous, I say go for it. I might even try that out one of these days.

AMBIANCE 5/5
This is a huge restaurant. It was freezing cold this morning, unfortunately the heat was not working at its optimal today here. The female staff, however, was so sweet and offered us hot tea to keep us warmth. The décor is definitely trendy/classy and the seating are comfortable. 

SERVICE 5/5
The female staff (Li Shan (sp?)) with adequate English was super sweet and very kind. The kitchen staffs (chefs probably?) each brought out our Rijsttafel tasting in a wooden tray with 9 dishes placed aesthetically on the tray.

Our complimentary hot tea was constantly filled. Staffs even brought out a piece of mini cupcake with candle when the female staff heard I was paying for lunch since someone had his birthday on Sunday. Service here is 100% attentive. 

This is definitely a solid 5 star I am happy to give to WIN Indonesian Grill & Gastrobar. I just hope more people would come to know of this place since it is located in a quite obscure location. There is ample parking at the back of the restaurant/building.

PS. Complimentary shrimp crackers with sambal chili was given before our meal!"
So flippin good!! I literally give 10/10 the chicken and gado-gado are to die for. The service was amazing, my waiter was a homie, friendly manager. I would 100% go back, Love it!!!
I am very excited to come BACK. When we went in the spring, they had only opened a few months prior. The service was WONDERFUL, atmosphere great, prices reasonable. The food was good...but...we were hoping for the Indonesian we discovered and fell in love with in Amsterdam! They are not quite there yet, but they know this and are working on it. We will definitely try again in a few months and update the review!
"I was really excited to try Indonesian food and found this restaurant through a Yelp recommendation. I saw that it was new and had good reviews and I enjoy trying food from different countries. My experience was alright though. Here's why.....

It wasn't clear by the signs in parking lot if there was free parking seemed like the valet parking was in front and back from the signs. It was confusing and unclear. Neither of the valet guys could drive a stick shift so we had to park it in valet ourselves. 

The restaurant itself and decor and everything and also service was beautiful. The mood was romantic feeling with dim lights but I had a hard time reading the menu or even seeing what I was eating due to that. I want to be able to see my food! All the tables had restaurant branded plates already there when we got in, although we didn't end up using those plates when we ate so that was interesting. They took them away. 

Seems like the menu options might change? If you look at the menu about a month ago, there were no vegetarian options but there were 2 when I went. I had the tofu in opor sauce and the dish came out by itself. It didn't come with rice or anything and the waitress asked us if we wanted steamed rice. I didn't expect to just eat tofu and sauce by itself unless that's how it's done in Indonesia...I have no idea. We also had the vegetable lumpia, which tasted a bit too oily for my liking. The food overall was very filling though but for the prices charged, I expected better tasting food, I wasn't really blown away.

Looking at other peoples pictures posted on yelp it looks like they had free crackers and sauce brought out to them. But we didn't get that when we went on a Friday night. The place was quite empty. There were only 2 other couples there besides us."
Best fine dinning in Atlanta region. Fantastic food, excellent environment  with great service. highly recommend!  my favorite ''rendang'' meat ( 24 hour braised beef short ribs ) the meat super soft & tender taste awesome ! trust me on this ;)
My boyfriend's and my joint birthday dinner at WIN was absolutely fantastic. Our server was very helpful and the staff was amazingly accommodating to allergies, allowing us to change out plates on the Rijsttafel (the combination platter of 15 dishes) as necessary and changing the oil they used for frying. The manager came by multiple times throughout the evening and talked to us about Indonesian food and Indonesia, which we loved. The flavors were unique and delicious, and they gave us amazing pink guava cheesecakes as a birthday treat! We definitely plan to return.
"I was invited to check out this restaurant in Buckhead and thought it would be a great opportunity to try Indonesian food since I've never had it before. I recommend coming on Fridays or Saturdays when they offer complimentary valet. Parking here without valet seems like it could be a nightmare. 

We had reservations so were seated immediately but they weren't too busy around 7pm on the Saturday we came. This place has a classy and upscale vibe and is good for romantic and intimate meals. 

They provide shrimp chips as complimentary starters. For appetizers, we tried the chicken sate. The meat was tender and paired really well with their house-made peanut sauce. For main dishes, we tried Octopus ala plancha from the weekly special menu and Opor bebek danau toba (duck breast) from the regular menu. Both the octopus and duck breast were really tender, as if they were sous vide. However, the duck was on the slightly saltier side. 

Our favorite part of the meal was actually the dessert. We ordered the Colenak to try. It is fried fermented cassava (a starchy root plant) topped with ice cream paired with caramel sauce. It is unlike anything dessert I've had!

The staff were all very friendly and courteous and constantly came over to check how we were enjoying our food."
"I was very excited to try out Indonesian cuisine and Rijstaafel. The Rijstaafel tasting menu comes with a tray containing many small dishes for you to sample -- a great way to try out so many dishes at once. This is my favorite way to eat. There is a vegetarian tasting menu as well. 

I was happy to find out that 2 people can share a tray and that they don't make each person at the table get the tasting menu, which is the case at some restaurants. This is a great and cheaper option to consider, especially if you aren't super hungry. 

Each table receives free shrimp crackers before your meal. The service is very attentive and friendly. They will explain what each little dish contains."
Nicest staff ever and super delicious. I love how proud the are of their unique Indonesian heritage, too! Must try!
We order 4 courses, Crabcake, and chicken rica-rica for dinner...Love it, very recommendedFor my dessert, i tried kolak pisang... so good
Great new spot in Buckhead. Loved all the apps and entrees. Fabulous service and great conversation made a big difference. I would recommend Win to lovers of traditional Indonesian favorites as well as newbies looking to veer off the Chinese or Vietnamese circuit.
So excited that an upscale Indonesian restaurant is now open in Buckhead! I really enjoyed the food here! All the food I've tried there was delicious and you can tell their chef is very talented. I highly recommend trying the satays, the lamb satay was soo good!! I ordered the Gule Kambing which was very tender rack of lamb in a mild curry and also tried  the chicken breast in mild chili paste. Both were great, but the lamb dishes were my favorite.  The chicken could be a a tad more tender. Beef Rendang is an Indonesian specialty and the duck breast looks amazing here so I def need to come back and try those dishes! I love how this place is more upscale since most of the Indonesian restaurant I've been to are on Buford highway and more causal/takeout places. It has a cozy vibe. I just wish the meat here was halal so I could recommend to many of my friends who only eat halal meat! The owners and management here are very friendly and are passionate about the restaurant. There is plenty of parking in the back of the restaurant and valet is also offered. I can't wait to try more dishes here, highly recommend!
"Win Indonesian Grill is next to Imperial Fez. You can park in the back, right behind the restaurant.

Win is one fancy looking place. I guess they're trying to be an ""elevated"" Indonesian place.

I'm not familiar with Indonesian cuisine. I haven't had many Indonesian foods. They seem to be similar to other South Eastern Asian foods. So they have similar stuff like Rendang and curries. So my review will be based on my experience with other SE Asian flavors and dishes. 

I do like their Rijstaafel concept. It's a bunch of small dishes that is brought out at the same time. You get to try a lot of variety of what they have to offer. The menu changes every few months. And they have a vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. 

Well, we decided to try both options. Before the food came out, they gave us some complimentary shrimp crackers with 3 sauces: pickled vegetable (ok, that's not a sauce), sambal, and I forgot what the 3rd sauce was. I think it was Oyster sauce. But I liked the shrimp crackers and the sauces. 

As I mentioned before, they bring out all the dishes for the Rijstaafel at once. They are all presented beautifully and comes with a dish of rice, some coconut shavings, and others. 

Overall, the food was fine. It wasn't mind-blowing or anything. For instance, the chicken Satay was too salty. 

Their sambal kentang was basically cheap version of Pan-fried Southwestern hash you get at American breakfast places. I mean, it has the word Sambal in it. I didn't see or taste any. Maybe I missed it? Or I was supposed to add my own? Or am I mistaking this  for another dish?

I liked the Ayam Kremes, which is their fried chicken. I think it could've had a bit more seasoning, but the skin was nice and crispy. The meat could've been juicier, but it was a decent fried chicken. 

I also liked the Perkedel. It was a potato croquette. I loved the soft texture. They're basically fried mashed potatoes. It tasted good. 

Everything else tasted like standard South-East Asian fare. They didn't stand out flavor wise. I mean, I had better Beef Randangs, curries, etc. elsewhere. 

I think this place is more of a 3.5 place. I like the concept of Rijsttafel, the service was good, and everything else (plating, decor, etc) was well done. But the flavor didn't match the decor, plating, and everything else. If the food was up to the same standard, it would be a solid 4 star place. I would temper your expectations about the food when you come here."
I noticed this new restaurant on Main before it opened so it was definitely mentally bookmarked as somewhere I wanted to go. Had the pleasure of visiting a day before their opening day to try their limited menu. Really enjoyed the vibe of the restaurant and the food served. Will definitely be coming back to try the complete menu once the line ups aren't as crazy (hopefully)
This place is definitely a social media favourite. The flavours and taste of the dishes were really good and does have the essence of hawker food. The portions are similar to what you would get at a hawker stall. Personally I find the price too high for the portions especially the roti canai. The portion for the roti canai is small and definitely cannot be shared! You can taste the quality and effort behind the dishes and the servers are really nice. It's the price that I think is bit high based on the portion size
"Finally got a chance to try this interesting restaurant. Overall, I was disappointed as it didn't live up to the expectation set from media and social media.

Arrival:
- There was a line, about 4 pairs deep. However they mesh the take out line and dine in line together. Took someone 10 minutes to come out to check in the line. I wouldn't been concerned if I didn't see one of the staff standing close to the door guarding the take out bags. She had clear sight on the line. I would recommend actioning the line as soon as possible so you can keep the line as short as possible. 

Wait-Line
- waited 15 mins when quoted an hour. Pretty happy with the result.

Dine-In
- it's a line up and order your food, sit and wait for your food type of restaurant. I think it meshes well with the stores design and concept. What I didn't like is some items were sold out, and we were not informed at the line, during the line, only when it's our turn to order. We weren't the only people that were disappointed, couple other customers had the same issue and they finally took off the pricing off their menu board. It'd be nice to know if you're waiting for this long for food if the food was available or not. 

Food Quality
- Disappointed. Pad Thai was $15, but it was enough serving for one person, and i was still hungry, the roti, and wings weren't anything spectacular. The Fish Caramel sauce wings taste good, but price per quantity wasn't justifiable. Charging a lot for street food portion. '

Out of everything we ordered, Thai milk tea stood up. It tastes like the Chai Yen at Pok Pok, which was absolutely tasty. 

We left still feeling hungry, even though ordering all that food.

Work out the portions, and the line management and I think they will continue to do well."
"I'm surprised how this is not at least a 4/5 in terms of overall average for reviews. I personally think it's more than 4.5/5. I've been there twice and there's always a line up on certain weekday evenings and on weekends. The service is efficient, and the price, although a bit higher than what most would think of a ""hawker"" type place, this is a gem in the city of Vancouver where the quality of the food and ingredients really makes it well worth it. 

I would go back there again. The quality lends itself to some tasty and spicy dishes, depending on what you prefer. It's down-to-earth Southeast Asian street food while sourcing some of the best ingredients they can access from this part of the world."
"We came for dinner on Friday night before labour day weekend 2020. It wasn't busy and we were greeted by a hostess wearing a mask. She told us we were at table 5 and order at the counter. Nice the menu is on the wall so don't have to touch menus. 

The ambiance was comfortable: bright, clean and colourful.  They showcased ingredients as their part of the decor. We were seated at table 5 facing outside. 

The most important part...food:
We ordered: 
- char kway teow: 5/5 super flavourful with a slight kick. I don't like spicy food but this was at the edge for my tolerance. I really liked this dish with fish cakes and yummy lap cheoung (Chinese sausage). Anything is good with Chinese sausage. 
- mee goreng: 4/5 for me. It's good but wasn't my fave dish.  It was heavily seasoned for my liking.
- fried chicken: 5/5 this was super yummy. Must order. I only had 1/2 a wing but it was perfectly fried and battered with sweet and spicy. Awesome!
Roti: 3/5 only portion size for $6, get 1 piece. As well, I prefer a different (curry) sauce not the sauce they served it with.

I would come back and try other dishes. Cost is a bit a high side than other hawker style restaurants in Vancouver but the ambiance and service is fantastic here at Potluck."
I ordered for take out and it was ok. A bit shocked how expensive the chicken is. It's only 4 pieces... I got the fish sauce caramel and it was good but nothing so special. Also tried their Char Kway Teow. Big portion enough for 2 meals. Fish cake in it was good but wish there was more prawns.
"Placed my takeout order.  They said it'll take 20-30 minutes.  They were exact in the timing, 30 minutes.   Hawker food, restaurant prices and restaurant speed .  It was busy inside and there were lineups outside waiting for takeout or to get a seat.  Not much distancing going on inside so I wouldn't want to eat there cause the place is a bit small for todays covid style of dining in. Still they're doing the right things by all wearing masks and keeping contact to a minimum.

I really did enjoy the chicken wings. Got both sets but at that price, it was pricey, so I won't order from here as much for the wings despite how good they were. 
The other dishes were ok, nothing to write home about but again price.
However they just opened and the cost of running a business has gone up due to all the pandemic challenges of safety first.
At a time like this, it's good to see a business doing well and I wish their team success.  At least I can say, decent Malay food and they're representing it well.

Of course if you can or want to dine it, the presentation will be much better and I'm sure the flavours too.  Because taking out does change things.
Solid three stars for starters."
"Chef Justin Cheung's Potluck Hawker Eatery is inspired by South Asian hawker street food markets. Think of it as a fusion between Malaysian, Filipino & Thai cuisine. The best thing here is the salted egg yolk fried sandwich. OMG this thing is literally an orgasm in your mouth. It's really difficult to explain the complex flavours. All you need to know is its yummy AF. Also their roti with condensed milk and sugar is delicious. Can't wait to try other things on their menu.


Food - Great
Service - Friendly
Ambience - Casual 
Worth the money - YASS"
"Came to get takeout tonight and ordered almost the whole menu and although the prices were not cheap, the food was actually well enjoyed by my entire family and there are plenty of leftovers for tomorrow's dinner! 

We were intrigued by most of the menu and started off with the brussel sprouts and polenta which was actually very tasty but the amount of oil was a little much. Similarly, the fried shrimp and vegetable cake was also very crispy even at home but too oily (yet it was delicious and my fried food loving brother and father loved both these items). The roti was also nice and flaky and for two large pieces at $9, it wasn't too much higher than other Malaysian restaurants. The salted egg yolk deep fried chicken wings were again quite heavy but the flavour of salted egg yolk wasn't too overpowering and the first few bites remained crispy but after awhile, got a bit soft from the moisture.  

My favourite of the night was the khao man gai which although pricey for the amount of chicken, had tender white and dark meat atop a delicious oily rice that didn't look like much but actually had great flavour! We also really liked the taste of the laksa (could use more protein) and the charkway teow which was very tasty and had a few large shrimps. I didn't try the nasi goreng but according to my family, there was nothing that stood out in this dish. Last but not least, we got the crispy pata which came with rice and a slaw. The pork hock itself was quite large although many of the pieces consisted of skin and fat but my dad loved the bone which was full of flavour. 

Overall, the meal was an expensive one but we all agreed that it was almost on par with other Malaysian places. The negative reviews might be from the hype that has been created but coming in with not the highest expectations, I was actually surprised at their food portions and flavours. I would recommend it if you're willing to spend a little bit more to try it out!"
"Ordered their limited quality Singaporean crab prefix menu that they offered on pre-order this December.

Fiance and I picked the chili crab. Other options for the crab were pepper crab and salted egg yolk.

The dungeness crab was very good. Basically smothered in what tasted like sambal (think: tomato meets sriracha).

Fish sauce mantou was good, especially picked up all the extra chili crab sauce. Too bad it was crispy like I'm used to.
Gado gado was just ok. A bit oily.
Brussell sprouts in salted egg polenta was good for me and just weird for my fiance. I forgot it was salted egg. It tasted like cheese.
Char Kway Teow (rice and tapioca stirfry) was great.
Fried rice was basic. Good but nothing to rave about.

Flavours are rich and strong. We both gulped a lot of water after dinner haha."
"We got the laksa and nasi goreng. Both items were warm upon being served (dine in) and underwhelming in flavour (both my fiance and I agreed on this). Relatively small portions considering the price point. Decor was very nice though and they had some good looking dinnerware from West Elm. 

Since John 3:16 malaysian is opening up close to oak and broadway, I find that it would be tough to choose Potluck over them in the long term. 

Will be coming back to try the chicken sando, as it does seem like an item that's more interesting and value oriented. 

Not hitting the buzzer on this but so far it's a Simon Cowell ""no"" for me."
"Wanted to try this place since I've seen it all over TikTok and instagram. The chicken sando was really good and I would definitely recommend. Overall, it was a pretty good foodie experience, albeit a tad bit pricey. But once again, try the chicken sando :9 you can always just walk in, leave your name, and walk around the neighbourhood a bit and they'll call you back once they're ready for you! They told us it would be a 30 minutes wait, I think they called us back in 15. In addition, with the nice weather right now, you can always eat outdoors across the street in the public space next to JJbeans. 

In addition, I like that they have sanitizer on all the tables! I would recommend bringing your own reusable utensils though in order to generate less plastic landfill. :) I just used my hands to eat instead."
"Ordered fish sauce chicken wings and roti for delivery and I can say that the roti is SOOO flakey. I love their roti but the price point is just slightly ridiculous. 

The chicken wings weren't that special. The sauce was super watery and made the chicken wings really soggy. Too heavy on the fish sauce.

Would love to try the other things on their menu but the roti is the kicker for me! 10 roti's please!"
"If you're looking to grub on vibrant fusion food in a cute and casual setting, then Potluck Hawker Eatery may be the restaurant for you. Given that it is in its soft opening stage, the restaurant currently offers a limited menu only, though it is enough to whet the appetite and satiate the taste buds. 

We came in on Day 2 of opening at around 1:45pm and luckily avoided a queue. (Potluck is a small space with only six tables and several window seats, so I would anticipate waiting during peak hours.) Walking in, my eyes were immediately drawn to the decorative shelves, patterned wallpaper, and colourful plastic chairs. Before being seated, we had to place our order and pay first. This is similar to ordering at a hawker centre, except your food is brought out to you here. We settled on the following: 

ROTI CANAI ($7): This was smaller than I thought, but what it lacked in size, it more than made up in texture and flavour. The roti was hot, buttery, and flaky with a slight char, at times reminding me of the best parts of a croissant. I forgot to choose our sauce, but the default of the caramelized onion curry was an outstanding combination with the roti. It is a little savoury and a little sweet, and having spilt it on my fingers while pouring, it was also extremely hot. 

FRIED CHICKEN SANDO COMBO ($15): From seeing pictures of this combo flood my Instagram feed, I knew it was the main for me. First off, the Malaysian Shaker Fries - these crinkle-cut fries are fried impeccably with its curry leaves (a must to eat!) and indentations for the sugary seasoning to nestle into. The Fried Chicken Sando itself is a force to be reckoned with, with its soft milk bread, subtle salted egg yolk flavour, juicy fried chicken, and light slaw to chomp down on. It was quite the unique take on a sandwich and one that I can fully get behind. It delivered on bold flavours and was incredibly satisfying! 

NASI GORENG ($15): This was not my main, so I only had a bite of it and cannot offer as comprehensive of a review. I will say that it was quite a small portion for its price (especially when compared to that of a Hong Kong style cafe), and altogether, there were only two pieces of shrimp. While this dish was still quite yummy, the sandwich combo does offer a better value, by and large, for its price point.

Unlike some of the reviews here complaining about the mediocre service, we in fact had exceptional service. Our server sanitized our table prior to us being seated, checked in on us during our meal, cleared our dishes promptly, and even helped customers outside inquiring about the menu. She was fantastic!

Aside from sanitized tables, other safety precautions undertaken include contactless payment, plexi-glass at the counter, aptly spaced apart tables, and hand sanitizer at each table. I would prefer if the utensils were given by the server though, rather than placed communally at each table (though I see the street food style appeal). Moreover, the toilet rolls in the washroom could be stored elsewhere instead of being stacked on top of the toilet.

Overall, I think Potluck is a welcomed addition to Cambie Street despite the stiff competition in the neighbourhood restaurant scene. If you're craving some Singaporean, Malaysian, and/or Indonesian food, I would recommend giving it a try. If you do, you must at the very least order the Fried Chicken Sando Combo, okay?"
"Located in the bustling Cambie corridor, it serves up hawker style southeast Asian street foods.

I came for their salted egg chicken sando and it did not disappoint. Juicy chicken thigh meat provided plenty of flavour. Crunchy coating and the lightly pickled cabbage gave texture. Salty egg yolk was not amiss and matched very well with the chicken. The bread might be a little bit too thick for some but it was tasty, grilled nicely, adding a hint of smoky element to the dish. Highly recommended!

We also tried nasi lemak, a national dish of Malaysia. We chose sambal squid as the main protein and it was tender and saucy. Rice was rich and coconut aroma came through very well. All other savory components of this dish paired very well with the rice. The sauce that came with the half egg tasted like fermented shrimp paste, so some people might not be used to the flavour.

All in all a good dish, on the more savory side, but I think I would have preferred if all toppings were placed on one plate encircling the rice so it will be easier to mix everything together in each bite.

To finish off our meal, we had their milo dinosaur, not too sweet, cool and refreshing. Also highly recommended.

Whether you want to catch up with your friends or simply enjoy a quick and fast meal, this is good place to enjoy some simple delicious fare."
"Saw this place driving by and our family knew we had to check it out. 

As of today (July 11). They have been on the downlow for a official opening of July 15. They're not advertising themselves as opening partly because they probably don't want to be overwhelmed by the positive response from the community. That's understandable. 

Malaysian food other than Hawkers on Main Street? Yes please  We contacted them through their Instagram page to see if they're open and they said they were but they're trying to keep things on the down low before their soft opening on July 15. When they're open. Be sure to check them out for sure, and be patient with them as any new business - things can get a little overwhelming. 

We are excited that a Malaysian restaurant is being added to the Cambie St. neighborhood. It's about time. They offer a predominately Malaysian cuisine. But they also have some Filipino dishes like Crispy Pata Potluck ($60!), and Potluck Palabock ($ N/A). And some Thai dishes like Pad Thai ($15). 

Their ambiance is nice and bright. They have decorated the place to reflect a more street food like atmosphere that resembles Malaysia, which is great! We love the feel and ambiance of the place. 

Their service during this trial run was awesome. They're doing a good job. Can't wait to review again when things are finally up and running. First impressions are important right? Well. They're making a darn great impression in their trial run. They weren't even supposed to open until July 15. But they've opened up for the Cambie St. Community to check out their restaurant. 

Staff is friendly, courteous and respectful. And they checked up on their customers quite regularly while also trying to maintain a level of social distancing for their customers so that people are safe. 

The food came out a little slow. But that's kind of expected during their trial run. They are working out their kinks and we completely understand that. I think they have a pretty small kitchen staff and I'm not sure if that's going to change in the future. The time of the food coming out was decent for us. I think they might be a little overburdened if things start to pick up real fast. Hopefully they can handle and they'll be okay! 

The location of the restaurant is perfect. As it's only a street down King Edward Station. It's about a 5-10 min walk probably. If you walk fast maybe quicker than that. The Cambie St. Corridor is well served with public transportation and of course the neighborhood is pretty good with parking as well. Street parking as always is paid parking. So there are options to get to Potluck Hawkers Eatery. 

Their food. Let's get to that. We ordered the following this time around: 

+ Roti Canai. They actually gave us an option of savory or sweet. Which was surprising because the Roti Canai in most other Malaysian restaurants are only offered as savory. It's a unique twist on a pretty traditional and staple Malaysian dish. Well done  the sweet Roti Canai was dripped with condensed milk and sugar. IT TASTED AMAZING. could've ordered a second one. OMG. Superb. Two thumbs up! And highly recommended if you come here. 

+ Mama Cheung Laksa. This has to be Justin's moms homemade laksa recipe. It was good! The noodles were a mix of the yellow and vermicelli noodles. Their soup broth was good. Not too thick and not too watery. It was good. I just feel like Shiok and Amay's probably still has a leg up on the two best laksa's in town. Maybe one day Potluck can dethrone those two 

+ Salted Egg Yolk Fried Chicken Sando. This was unique. I never actually saw this offered at any of the other Malaysian restaurants in the city. So this was a first for me. My wife loved the bread. The chicken was favorable! 

+ Thai Ice Tea. We liked the Thai Ice Tea. Nice and sweet. Doesn't have the butter taste of the tea like some other restaurants where it's too heavy on the tea. This one, we felt, was just right. 

Let's talk about price. Their price was decent. Our dinner came to $64 for all the dishes & drinks that we ordered. 

Do we recommend this place? HECK YEAH! This will be for me a new place to dine out. Definitely going to be a regular coming here! If you haven't checked them out yet. Go and do it! Remember that this time is a trial run for them. Please show some grace and patience if something isn't up to your personal culinary standards. 

Official opening on July 15. So be sure to support local business and go and get some of their fantastic foods! 

My breakdown: 
Location 4.5/5
Price 3.75/5
Ambiance 4.75/5
Service 4.5/5
Food 5/5"
"[Social distancing takeout review]
The restaurant's open but my friend and I decided to order our food for takeaway and have a picnic in the park (there are two great smaller parks nearby!).

We really wanted to try the crispy prata so planned our outing around it. Dinner menu started at 5 at the time of our visit (make sure to check website for changes, as they are fine tuning!) so we got to the restaurant right then to order for takeout. I think we may have been one of the first dinner customers, but the restaurant was full with customers having the snack menu. We paid for our order and were told it would take about 20 mins, and they took our order phone number to let us know as well. 

Skip forward 20 mins after roaming around, we got a call from the restaurant that our food was ready! Talk about good estimates :) When we got back to the restaurant there was already a decently long line forming. Because the entry way was narrow, we stayed towards the back of the line to respect people's space. We were fortunate enough to see a staff member near the entrance so asked for our takeout order. He was a bit dismissive and asked us to wait for our call (understandable as it was getting busy) but we clarified that we did get our call already and he hurriedly got our order for us. I agree with the other reviews that the takeout process can be quite confusing, and we got lucky that we were able to get ahold of a staff member. Perhaps when they have more staff it will be a smoother process :)

Food was absolutely delicious and packed very neatly. It is just a tad expensive, especially when you know what it could cost in Singapore or Malaysia, but it's not so expensive that it would deter me from coming back for more! Looking forward to the improvements going forward!"
Very clean inside. They have sanitizer everywhere to kill covid. Staff is friendly and food tasty. Think we found the newest addition to Cambie Villiage and definitely a contender.
"Gave this new place a try earlier this week . Gado gado was not bad. Char kway teow had that hot Pan fried taste which is typical of real Hawker style frying. Seasoning was ok , somewhat lacking the dark thick sweet soya sauce taste. The chicken laksa was also just ok , lacking the punch I was used to . No Hainan chicken rice available at lunch but tried their salted egg deep fried chicken nasi lemak  which was not too bad . The sambal sauce that came with this Nasi Lemak was pretty good .
Overall , ok if you have never had Malaysian or Singaporean food. The hawker concept is there and the service was quick and good . For me , it was not quite as authentic as I was hoping . But then my expectation was probably higher in comparison to the hawker style food one gets in Singapore and Malaysia. Do give this place a try if you have never tried this type of cuisine . A good spot to start with ."
"Got here at 5:15pm and there was already a line of 15 people ahead of us. The line was for both dine-in and takeout which made it very confusing for people arriving later. There wasn't any signage and there was only 1 lady taking names, organizing the line, serving, cleaning tables and calling people to come in. She tried her best to manage and was pretty efficient, but it would be better if there was more staff to help out. 

We put our name down at 5:40pm and were seated at 6:45pm so we had to wait an hour even though we showed up before opening. Food wise we ordered the Nasi goreng, Laksa, Char Kway Teow, fish sauce caramel chicken wings and roti with curry sauce. Our favourite dishes were the fish sauce caramel chicken wings and the nasi goreng. 

The chicken wings were a bit pricy at $13 for 4 wings, but they were really crispy and flavourful so I would order them again. The Seafood Nasi Goreng was very flavourful and spicy but had very little seafood in it. I think I only saw 1 shrimp in the fried rice so it's mainly rice and a fried egg. The fried egg was a nice touch though. 

Laksa wasn't that flavourful and was a bit bland for my taste. The mixture of noodles was good but nothing too special. Roti had good sauce and was flaky and buttery but a pretty small serving for $7. Char Kway Teow was also good but nothing too special. 

Be prepared to wait if you come later, might be best to get takeout instead of dine in. Make sure to line up to order right away once you get seated or you'll have to wait in a line with people ordering for takeout."
"Very hyped up marketing pre-opening , not necessarily a bad thing since that's how I got to know about this place! However, staff seemed not fully unprepared for the crowd , reflected by limited staff serving large crowd, long lines (both dine in and take out) , disorganized system of dine in/take out line, sold out of popular menu items etc. I believe all these will get better with time though. 

Food wise, a little overpriced for most items but expected for Vancouver standards. Laksa broth was subpar compared to other competitors, not as flavorful as expected and small-ish portion, however, nice Bihun/mee combo touch to reflect authentic kari mee in Malaysia. 

Chicken Sando was the unique item on their menu compared to other places. Well done! Had a side of Malaysian Shaker Fries, wasn't sure what to expect since it doesn't really exist in Malaysian street food. Would love more curry leafs and less sugar.. but it's a creative touch! 

Nasi goreng was the best of all items ordered. Flavorful and had nice addition of clams for a different texture! Nice surprise! Side of keropok was very oily, unfortunately. 

Char kuey teow is mediocre. Nothing special but still tasty!

Look forward for this place to get better as time goes by and not let quality sacrifice for quantity. Will be back to try again and hoping for a better experience! 

Keep it up!"
"Our party of 4 were at the Eatery tonight (Friday) waiting for it to open at 5pm. This is advisable as it didn't take long for the place to be lined up outside the door. Seating is limited during covid. I noticed there was already a lot of takeout orders waiting behind the counter. 
The restaurant was clean, bright, and cozy. It had good ambience, and the feel of an authentic Asian hawker eatery (hence the name!). The servers were friendly, efficient, and attentive.
We ordered two dinner snacks ... the fried chicken wings and the gado gado... and two dinner mains... the turmeric curry and the char kway teoh. They were all so delicious and just sufficiently spicy for our taste. The food was plenty for the four of us. And the price was very reasonable.
It was a good dining experience which I highly recommend. By the looks of the lineup outside when we were leaving, it appears that the Eatery already has a good following."
"They had a soft opening yesterday. Welcome to the neighborhood. 
There was a line of about 30 people waiting to be seated and also orders for take away. Success for their first day. 
I've seen that they are very big in offering the people of social media to come and enjoy their food. But as us paying folks that will come on a regular basis, without the fan fair they need to offer the same food that they are serving to social media. An hour has just pass by the time we got a seat, and they were out of their feature special. The menus is limited right now. So don't expect to see what was posted to be on the menus. There is more coming soon. 
My main complaint is that there is really no table service. I guess. If you are there first, you can choose your table. I see people just putting their stuff on the table and then order. Or just ask for a specific table and they will comply. Not really any control. 
We are assigning you this table. Take it and the other is for the guess that is behind you, and so on. 
With COVID and social distancing, don't really want other guess putting down their stuff on a table and then  walking up to order. Then requesting to change table when you order, or see one that is open to your liking . The server would have to clean it again, or if even. 
All in all the food was only ok. Will have to try again when the hype and the ""influencers"" are done spending their money, so us regular or becoming regular customers who don't seat around for an hour or more sipping on the same bottle of pop. When that very same table can be use for actually guess who would like to try the food.  
Congratulations on the opening. Great addition to the area."
"I definitely agree with a lot of the reviews on here regarding some of the flavours off the dishes. Here are the ones we loved:
Roti
Sweet and Savoury chicken wings
Sambal egg plant on rice 

Ones that were sort of meh:
Nasi goreng
Ceviche 
Laksa noodles 

The sambal egg plants were probably my favourite out of all the dishes. But the meh dishes, we just had better versions of it elsewhere. I really wish it was better cause I'd be a regular if it was. Also the price seemed a bit high compared to like Hawkers Delight but it's probably location."
"When you don't get much of the the opportunity to head down to the Mount Plesant area you try to make the most of it by ordering a bit of everything you set your eyes on! And that was just about what we did here at Potluck. We ordered the Fried Chicken Sando + Fish Sauce Chicken Wing + Nasi Lemak + Mama Cheung's Laksa. 
Very neat incorporation of something new to traditional street eats and the place has fun decor. But I was hoping for more flavour and heat (use of wok and flame) in its dishes to claim its hawker street food categorization. And it would be nice if they were a tad bit more generous in their ingredients in particular the Laksa - for $15 it only had 2 prawns, 3 thin small slice of fish cake and 2 tofu puffs, but the broth was tasty. Its a very fun concept but and they really try to get creative. A good place to try out something new."
Dined in with a friend recently and was excited to try their food but unfortunately the flavours fell flat and value for price just wasn't there. We started with their fried fermented pork ribs and daily special Thai iced tea which were both tasty. The green tea iced tea was my favourite item we ordered. Then we had their Mama Cheung's Laksa and Seafood Nasi Goreng. The Laksa didn't have enough depth of flavour and really lacked seasoning. The noodles also lacked integrity, a bit soft and overdone. The fried rice had very little seafood and lacked flavour and seasoning as well. Portions were also on the small side for the price. I did see that many people ordered the crispy pork patas and it did look good. I'm undecided as to whether I'd come back to try it based on this experience though.
"We really enjoyed our time at Potluck on this rainy Sunday! It was both our first time and we've been wanting to try this new Cambie joint for awhile now. 
The ambience is cute with the pastel blue and pink stools and flowered wallpaper. I loved the serving dishes too that all the foods came in. I also liked seeing all the product on the walls and decorated throughout the space. 
The service was great - staff was welcoming and so incredibly fast! We sat down immediately and ordered the Thai Milk Tea ($4.50), Superflux Happyness ($7) Sticky Wings - half order ($7), the Mee Goreng Mamak ($15), Char Kway Teow ($15) and Roti ($5). 
The Thai Milk tea was so delicious and refreshing, this would be awesome on a hot summer day! Love that they are serving local craft beer as well and Superflux is always a hit. The food came out so fast! The sweet sticky wings have a beautiful fry on them and are incredibly juicy. The half order for me was perfect sizing as personally I'm into a more savoury wing (ie garlic/salty) and can only eat a few of these sweet ones. 
My Char Kway Teow was a HUGE portion and I have tons for leftovers. I really loved the flavour of this dish and it came with huge fat prawns and lots of sausage and fish cake. I've seen quite a few reviewers say this is too expensive and not hawker prices but you have to remember you live in Vancouver! You can't charge hawker prices or you won't survive as a resto in this city. 
I think the value here is awesome! The Mee Goreng Mamak was tasty too and my boyfriend enjoyed it! Our biggest critique is we'd love more spice! So it would be awesome to tier out spicy levels for each dish - light, medium, kick your ass hot!  The Roti was a lovely flakey pastry bread with a delicious curry dippy sauce, next time we will order a double to share! 
Overall we really enjoyed our lunch, the space and the staff and will be back soon!"
"I had a decent dinner here. They have a really well oiled set-up to deal with pandemic restrictions, and it was pretty efficient to order and pay before sitting down. The servers were really nice. 

Dinner menu is a bit different from lunch, and I wish I could have tried more of the snack dishes from the lunch menu. The portion sizes were big enough and the dishes were generally flavourful. I just would have loved more spice profiles. I ordered the uni Nasi goreng, eggplant, and mee goreng. I have definitely had better renditions of the latter two. The nasi goreng was good, but I am just not sure it was worth its price tag."
"Finally got to try and it was pretty good!  We had:
- caramelized fish sauce chicken wings are  you have to try them! Sweet salty  sticky deliciousness.
- chicken mee goreng - we found this to be over salty tbh after a couple bites 
- roti with a nice spicy curry sauce yum!
- laksa was pretty good with a good coconut flavour and mixed noodles 
- salted egg yolk fried chicken sando.  Their signature dish. Perfectly fried chicken covered in salted egg yolk in a toasted and buttered Texas style toast. Get your napkins ready for this monster"
It ain't cheap but it is delicious!  I've been meaning to try this place in person but with the pandemic it is difficult with younger ones so I was happy to find out they are on a delivery platform.  We got the salted egg yolk fried chicken sandwich, some curry laksa, char kway teow (not pictured).  The food was very much enjoyed!
"Great location lots of street parking. Not too many tables but the line up wasn't ridiculously long line when they first opened. 

First to get in but last to get our food. We ordered our takeout before anyone was even seated. 25 minutes later we got our food while everyone who was already sitting ate all the same things I ordered. That was a bit disappointing. 

Side note for anyone ordering roti for take out, don't! We're only a 10 minute walk away but by the time we had it it just wasn't the same!

The beef rendang was a bit underwhelming. Their laksa was delicious! Finally a place that doesn't have a watered down soup with a nice umami and spicy flavour to it.

Take the time to make sure they've sealed everything properly before you leave. We lost half the laksa broth to the takeout bag during our walk home."
"Got very excited last month hearing a new place opened for Street Foods of SE Asian with a focus on Malaysia and Singapore. So excited and today was a little disappointed in their flavours. 

A friend and I arrived at 4pm for the Hawker Hour Menu (from 3-4:45pm). I heard so many good reviews about the Salted Egg Yolk Fried Chicken Sando and it was only served during what I perceived as happy hour. We ordered the Chicken Sando with Malaysian fries ($13 + $3) and Fish Sauce Chicken Wings ($13). 

When we arrived there was not a line up and welcomed in and order immediately. The cashier took my phone number and asked to us to wait outside and would be called when the food is ready for pick up. We waited less than 10 minutes and then found a Cambie Village merchant picnic table across the street. 

What was disappointing: the Chicken Sando and Fries. I give credit that the chicken was moist, seasoned well, and the salted egg smelled great. I didn't like the sweet milk bread. The sweetness was over powering the savoury notes and took away the salted egg flavour. I pushed the bread to the side so I could focus on the chicken. Glad I shared the sando because I couldn't have finished it by myself as it was huge. The fries were not special at all and wouldn't order it again: salt and some spice was it. 

What I really liked was the PotLuck Fried Chicken Wings. The caramelize fish sauce made it sweet, salty and sticky. The batter was perfectly seasoned and held the crunch-just heaven. However, as much as I loved the wings, at $13 with 4 pieces it is pricey for street food. 

Understand they just opened a month ago and maybe going through growing pains. I would return to give their dinner menu a try."
"Missing those hawker centres vibes for southeast Asian street food? This new establishment brings the best of classic and innovative dishes to Vancouver that respects the true nature of hawker centres. The PFC fried chicken wings with fish sauce caramel has a spicy kick to it that makes you want more. Even the Char Kway Teow is a classic favourite that really is a top choice comfort food. These are probably the two I would recommend again! Came here for the dinner menu but don't miss out on this place for an afternoon Hawker Hour Menu between 3-4:45 pm. I want to come back for the salted egg yolk fried chicken sando! There is no table service right now due to the pandemic so get in the line up with take out to order.
.
.
Ratings
*************************
Food 7/10
Service 7/10
Value 7/10
Atmosphere 8/10
Overall 7.2/10
.
.
Items Ordered
*************************
P.F.C (Potluck Fried Chicken) WINGS with Fish Sauce Caramel (13)
CHAR KWAY TEOW  Classic hawker rice sheets - stir fried with egg, prawns, lap cheong sausage & fish cake (15) 
CRISPY PATA Whole braised & deep fried pork hock, served with sawsawan for dipping, house slaw, and a bowl of rice (26)
 MAMA CHEUNG'S LAKSA Coconut curry noodle soup with fish cake, prawns, puff tofu, boiled egg & mixed noodle (15)
.
.
Useful Info
*************************
3424 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC
604.423.9344
 Visited  Aug 2020 
Recommend?"
"Delicious and unique! We had the ""perfect lunch"" which was the beef curry, a mixed vegetable dish, and ginger fish... All wonderful! Also ordered the mouthwatering eggplant fries and finished with the banana dessert. Highly recommend!"
Another great ethnic restaurant in this area of Vancouver. We shared a salmon dish with okra in a banana leaf: turmeric clams, and a spinach dish, with an order of coconut rice. Everything was very good. We had mojitas, but they were very weak. I wouldn't bother with them. Food was great though.
Yummy, yummy, yummy but omg was it filling.  The satay were excellent was was the appetizer platter for 2.  Nice, small intimate and lively restaurant.  Skip the manog (sp) noodles.  Gotta go and get the fried banana for dessert!
The smells and flavours took me back to Asia.  (The good smells of Asia, that is.)  The spices were subtle, but very well balanced.  We had an appetizer platter, and shared three mains.  The service was excellent! The food was great! I really should give it 5 stars, but I just don't do that.
"I have never had Malaysian food before so I was a bit apprehensive but I read the reviews and felt comfortable enough to give this place a shot. It's located in Vancouver downtown next to D'Oro gelato. We came in pretty late on a Sunday evening. This place closes at 10 pm but their kitchen closes at 9:45 so we were told to ""hurry up"". I was a but pissed at this but I was just hangry. They had specials going on where we could order one of their ""happy hour"" dishes and could get the same dish free to-go. That worked out pretty well for us since we had to hurry up eating anyways. We ordered the Singapore seafood Laksa. It was a coconut milk based soup with noodles and seafood. It was really really good ! It was more like a comfort food- you can feel the richness of coconut milk and sizzle of a few intermittent spiciness. Th price point is great- especially when they are running their specials since we paid $17 for two dishes. I am definitely coming back to try more of their other Malaysian specialties."
"This is my favourite restaurant. I have tried every location and this isby far the best. It is cozy, intimate and the servers are the fast and attentive. Be prepared for a wait if you go for dinner here and make sure all your party is there all together :)

I have never tried anything that I did'nt like, but a few of my faves: Kung Pow Boneless Chicken, beef rendang, Curry Boneless Chicken, ROTI, Eggplant in Dried Shrimp with Basil, Lychee Mojito (not blended),  anything on the lunch specials ($8).

And don't bother with take out, the food is only 3 Stars for take out and 5 for sit in. For some reason this type of food doesn't translate well into take away :(

(My second fave location is the Kits location. Its bigger and has a more clubby feel -better for big groups - the food is slightly different too, still good but second fave on that as well)."
I don't know about the tasting menu or dining in, as I have only had the Singapore Laksa here as take out, but that alone is worth going back for. A ginourmous bowl of sweet and tangy and creamy seafood soup and an equally massive bowl of vermicelli with seafood, egg and sprouts. I have tried Laksa at other places in the downtown area, and this is definitely the best.
"This place saved us from happy hour starvation! We had planned to go to a French restaurant down the road, but it was closed at a time that the website said they were open! We were starving and angry and then we ran into this place.

We ordered all three happy hour specials and we were delightfully surprised. The food was unique and had great flavor! For two people, our bellies were nice and full with those three large appetizers. We also each had two refreshing cocktails! All said and done, bill with tip was like $40, it was awesome! Definitely a great spot for some nibbles and drinks!"
We were blown away by the food here, every single dish was spectacular. The king pao chicken, 10 veggies in 10 spices, and the noodle dishes were all incredible, as was the satay skewers, roti canai and golden wellness drink. Simply spectacular flavors and great portion sizes. Pretty solid ambiance too. Would 100% love to come back next time we're in seattle!
Not bad. Wish we had the appetite for trying the 7 course taster as it looked pretty good but instead, we opted for some salads (the tofu one was the best) and curry laksa (which was also deemed tasty).  It's crowded and tiny so be aware.
Great place, cozy atmosphere, great food and #1 customer service! For a premiere in a malaysian restaurant, can't ask for any better!
"Read some great things about Banana Leaf so I decided to stop in.  

The place is beautifully decorated, I think it would be a great date place. As a solo consultant, I felt a little out of place but the food settled me in okay! The place is a little small so I can imagine during a weekend night it would be pretty busy.

I had the Rendang Beef Curry Platter which I would highly recommend. The meal was a little spicy but the side salad they served with it was a great complement to the spice.

Service was friendly and with a smile and it is definitely another place I will go back to."
"If you want a total, authentic Malaysian cuisine experience, you must go to this restaurant.  We loved everything about our visit. 

Started off with a Lychee Mojito while perusing the amazing menu.   The staff was fabulous.  Their suggestions were spot one.  Very, very kind and we didn't have to wait long to sample our selections from the menu.  

We had the Turmeric Spinach, the Grilled Basa in Banana Leaf and the Mee Goreng.  What an absolute treat.  The most amazing flavors.. everything was fresh.. we were practically licking the plates so we could enjoy every last morsel.  

A must if you are in the Vancouver area.  There are five different locations, so scout one out!"
Totally impressed with service and food at my first Malaysian restaurant. Great place to eat if you are around English Bay. I would love to go back again.
"Excellent food and very nice people. 
Recommendation: Mee Goreng, Roti Canai"
Banana leaf is one of a kind, their pineapple fried rice is really special and their desserts with mango and sticky rice is very yummy
"I probably can't say anything that hasn't been said already about Banana Leaf Malaysian Cuisine in Vancouver, but it really is one of the best places to eat down on Denman.  If you like your food with punches of spicy, sweet and salty tastes, this is the place for you!  There is nothing bland about this restaurant and everything I tried seemed so authentic.  Malaysian food isn't super popular where I live in Seattle, so this was quite a treat when visiting my mom for Mother's Day.  We shared a delectable appetizer called Roti Canai, that wasn't like an Indian roti that I've had before, but more soft with a touch of sweetness.  The spicy dipping sauce was perfect, too!  Then I had some spicy Tiger Prawns that were cooked with garlic and chili mixed with lemongrass and dried shrimp paste.  SUPERB!  And this was the first time I had okra that wasn't mushy, it was incredible.  My mom's Satay Chicken was really good too.  The dishes had just the right amount of food too, so we had room for dessert and splurged on the mango sticky rice.  The texture was perfect, and whatever caramel-like sauce they made with it, was like crack...I just wanted more, and had to stop myself from using my fingers to wipe the plate clean!

Check it out if you haven't already!"
their menu is so extensive that i swear I could never try everything. We even took it back and made our concierge heat up our food. But try the laksa and nasi goreng, both are our favorite dishes and we always order them!
We went on a busy night (valentine's day) and the wait was long (~25 mins), but once we could get a table, the food was excellent. We had the $25 sampling menu and everything on it was delicious. I highly highly recommend this place.
本地人带来吃的，人多居然还要等座，是马来西亚餐，有中餐的油腻，没有马来的特色，服务员忙忙活活，口味实在乏善可陈，环境也和中餐馆一样有些昏暗油乎乎，感觉一般吧。周边停车也不方便，也许对外国人有特色吧。
What a great restaurant. My wife and I had lettuce wraps, noodles, roti, eggplant and coconut rice and everything was delicious and comforting. The staff was attentive and fast and kind. A man came in to wait for a pickup order and the staff asked him to hang out and have water and went to check on his order immediately too. They were so good and so nice.
My parents and were visiting Vancouver from California. It was our last day in the city so we decided to have lunch here at Banana Leaf after seeing all the good reviews. There was a good amount of people in the restaurant, but we saw it as a good sign. We were seated quite promptly. It was our first time having Singaporean/Malay food and we were so satisfied!! The service was amazing and our waitress was very helpful and went out of her way to explain what some of the dishes were. Prices were very reasonable and portions were huge for the price. We had the pineapple seafood fried rice and mee goreng. I'm so sad that there's nowhere close to home to get mee goreng because I know I'll be craving it for a while (lol!). This was definitely the best meal we've had in a while and I have no complaints. Just come and try it out for yourself, whether you're a tourist like me, or a local. My only request is that Banana Leaf should consider expanding into the U.S., preferably in San Diego please. :-) I need this place to be close to home so I can satisfy my cravings anytime I want
I remember going to this restaurant when they first opened many years ago, and the food was good then, and it's still delish now. When I'm in Vancouver and need a roti canai  fix or a dose of laksa  this is where I go. There can be a wait for a table some times but it's well worth the wait! Service is always on point and they have lots of dishes on the menu to share.
"I am eating this right now -- the roti canai and the fried okra, eggplant and green beans. It is ridiculously good. The roti canai is crispy and a bit chewy and served with a tasting dipping sauce. The vegetables also include yellow and red peppers (sweet) and SHRIMP (didn't notice if it's on the menu -- vegetarians be warned). 

I was here a few years ago and it was just as good. Be warned, this place is always busy. Folks were waiting for tables (8pm Tuesday). I got take out, though, and it was ready in 10 minutes. 

I plan to eat here every time I""m in Vancouver. Bonus -- it's 2 minutes from the Sylvia Hotel, which is nice and not too expensive."
"Excellent food and service. Authentic Malaysian cuisine. 

Only negative is the small seating area however which makes it difficult to get a seat at times."
Service was  great, had take out. Staff was very helpful . My dinner was fantastic. I would definitely recommend coming to the place. Absolutely loved the curry chicken and rice , my appetizer of veggie spring rolls were delicious!
"I love banana Leaf! 
Their lunch specials are such a great deal. Make sure you look at the menu in the back for the lunch menu if the server doesn't point it out.
We ordered Singapore Laksa, lamb curry, and king prawn curry between me and parents. For me the best dish was the Laksa hands down! The portion is huge... The soup is rich and flavorful. I kept sharing it with my parents but still had noodles after noodles left. The lamb curry had many flavors and spices. Dad loved it. But it doesn't come with rice so order a bowl. The king prawn curry was more fruity tasting than my heavier laksa.
The veggie spring rolls for $5 was crispy, spicy, and so good when dipped in it's sauce. 
I highly recommend eating here for lunch or dinner! The service could be spotty. The owner lady wasn't very friendly but the others were excellent."
"Went here with a big group and was pleasantly surprised at the awesome service and even better food. I know sometimes service isn't as good with a big group, but the servers were attentive and worked quickly to make sure we all had drinks and to clear our dirty plates away. 

Our group ordered a bunch of appetizers to start with and everyone fell in love with the roti. Seriously, that roti was SO good!! When we all ordered our mains, some people ordered more roti, just because they couldn't get enough. No, really. It was that good! 

I had the chicken curry and it was super filling. I actually couldn't finish it (maybe I had too much roti) and took my leftovers home (which tasted just as good the next day). 

Lots of options for everyone (vegetarians and those with gluten allergies too). Just yum!"
I was so excited to see that there are good restaurants so close to my hotel (Coast plaza suites). The reception desk guy, super friendly guy, recommended Banana Leaf, saying that it's his favorite restaurant. It didn't disappoint! Definitely order the roti canai, it's authentic! The rendang is lovely as well, although probably not as spicy as I want it to be (but nothing can get terribly spicy outside of Asia).  The best thing there is the dessert. They have a dessert called Pulut Hitam, it's basically sticky black rice pudding with coconut milk.  That is the most authentic dish I've tried there and it's almost like my grandma is in the kitchen cooking it. Bravo!
A tiny little spot, but they pack in a good sized crowd in a beautifully appointed space, all while serving up delicious Malaysian cuisine. All our dishes were fantastic, service was solid, but my drinks from the bar were more ice than anything else.
Busy and crowded Malaysian place, deservedly so. Always excited to find Roti Canai
So tasty here. We had the tasting menu which I highly recommend as you get a bit of everything. You do get a lot of food and will have lots for lunch tomorrow.
"My mother and I were visiting Vancouver on a Vancouver-to-San Diego road trip.  This restaurant was recommended by a friend of mine in India who often has business trips to Vancouver.  Our road-trip lasted 17 days and this was the single BEST restaurant we dined at.  If I lived locally, the Banana Leaf staff would know me by name.

The restaurant was centrally located.  Street parking was easy for us as we went during Game 1 of the Canucks/Sharks playoffs!  I guess everyone was watching the hockey game! :)

Banana Leaf has such a lovely, peaceful and calm atmosphere.  It is wonderfully decorated; not gaudy and tacky like Thai restaurants that I'm used to in San Diego.

What we ordered:
Satay - two chicken, two lamb.
Curry Boneless Chicken
Tiger Prawns in Sambal Sauce
Mango Sticky Rice

The chicken satay was very tasty.  The lamb satay however, was to. Die. FOR.  Holy moly it was melt-in-your-mouth good.

Mom's Chicken Curry was very good and was very, very flavorful.  Mom loves lemon grass + coconut!

I had the Tiger Prawns in Sambal Sauce.  There are just not enough words in my vocabulary for me to accurately describe just how amazing this dish was.  Try it.  Trust me.

Single best plate of mango sticky rice I've ever had (and I've had many)."
The best resteraunt in Vancouver. Amazing chef perfect service. Would rexomwnd and come back
"This was our second visit to a Banana Leaf during our visit to Vancouver. We ordered Mango Kerabu for an appetizer. Very, very good with a nice blend of sweet and tart. My wife had the Kum Heong Whole Lobster and was thrilled with it. I ordered the Malaysian Seafood Noodle 
in Spicy Turmeric Cream Sauce, which was absolutely delicious. I wish we had food this good back home."
Although this space is very compact, we were lucky to sit in a corner behind a curtain.  This helped us feel protected from the comings and goings from the kitchen.  The staff were great - courteous and helpful.  We ordered the group menu and there was an amazing amount of food.  The let down of the night though was the dessert.  It was not delectable to my palette.  Otherwise a great night out.
"We were at the Vancouver Aquarium in Stanley Park only to find that there were slim pickings in and around the aquarium when it came to lunch on a Sunday. Admission to the aquarium came with in/out privileges (as did the $4 all day parking pass), so we decided to pile into the car and find a place close by in the downtown area. 

In short, my iPhone led us to this place which turned out to be a great choice for lunch. We had the Beef Rendang and Singapore Laksa (although I skipped the fishcake in the Laksa). The menu is wide and varied in addition to being flexible (they'll make something veggie or terra on request). 

Overall great experience. We'll be going back soon - and will probably try the 7 course taster."
"We came here while in town. We didn't stay and eat in, we took it to go. The place was easy to find, as it was on a main street in the west end area. I didn't completely see inside the restaurant everywhere, but from what I saw, it was nice and clean.

The customer service was good. Very polite and did their best to make our food in a timely manner. 

I had a taste for some Curry chicken so that's what I got. I also thought their spring rolls looked good so I ordered that as well. I thought it was absolutely delicious! Just the right amount of seasoning for the chicken, they didn't overdo the taste. It was awesome! I literally ate the food up like it was my last meal on earth. Didn't mean to, it was just that good!

I will definitely be back here next time we're in town!"
We had a great experience at Banana Leaf.  We arrived for dinner around 7 pm on a Sunday and it was packed, but we were seated in about 15 minutes which isn't bad at all.  We were starving so ordered right away- starting with the chicken satay and the roti with vegetable curry dip.  Both were excellent.  Then we had the chicken coconut curry, sautéed eggplant, and coconut rice.  All were super tasty.  The food did take an unusually long time to come out though- perhaps the kitchen was backed up, but it was worth the wait as we enjoyed the entire meal.
"Banana Leaf is epitome of what makes Vancouver (and the West End in particular) one of my favorite places in the world.  It combines authentic ethnic cuisine, fresh/seasonal/local ingredients, and well thought out service in an unpretentious but elegant setting- all at a price that won't send you into sticker shock.

Like most Deman St. restaurants this is a tiny restaurant.  If you have a group over 6, I suggest you look elsewhere.  Early diners can get seated with out much of a wait so consider getting there pretty close to 6pm if you want to be seated immediately.  

I highly recommend the tasting menu, which supplies 7 fabulous courses and has an optional wine paring."
Just had a great meal here. This is definitely one to put on your list of places to dine in Vancouver. Ordered the Satay Chicken and Lamb; Sambal Green Bean made spicy with a shrimp paste sauce; Fried Tofu with tomato, eggplant, green bean, carrots in a curry coconut sauce (see photo); and Pineapple Fried Rice which has chopped green beans, shrimp, squid, pineapple cubes, served in a half sliced pineapple boat. Getting hungry again writing this. Parking can be challenging in the area. there are two customer parking spots in the ally if you can get it.
"RUN, DON'T WALK TO BANANA LEAF! This Malaysian restaurant is the best in Vancouver. Our party went on the day before Valentine's Day, so we expected a wait. As we presumed, although our reservation was at 730, we weren't seated 750. The restaurant space itself is quite small, though the atmosphere is warm and full of energy. Our orders:
-Eggplant Fries: delicious! Could have eaten many more of these crispy delights covered in chili sauce.
-Roti Canai: Fresh Roti is absolutely to die for! It was fluffy and warm, though still had those flaky layers. The curry on the side was thick, nutty, and coated the roti quite nicely.
-Mango Tiger Prawns: The balance of sweet and savory are perfectly melded together in this dish. You have giant shelled prawns, bright bell peppers, tomatoes, and of course, the mango. This was all coated in a tart chili sauce.
-Assam Vegetable Curry with Tofu: The tofu in this dish was exceptionally creamy and soft, though with an almost crispy exterior. The vegetables included okra, green beans, carrots, and more. A must have with coconut rice wrapped in banana leaf.
The desserts were a huge highlight of our meal. We had the deep fried banana dessert, as well as mango sticky rice. Definitely recommend both. Did we mention the exceptional service? Due to the fact that we were seated later than expected, the banana dessert was on the house! Definitely a must come to if you are ever in Vancouver."
"This is one of my favorite Malaysian food crave. The service was good, clean establishment, no complaints. 

The food were all amazing, I ordered Mee Goreng and a Lunch special which is composed of my favorite Roti, Beef Rendang, and Vegetable Curry with rice; a great value to try for trying out Malaysian foods. I highly recommend it and I would come back again."
Good service, very tasty Thai chilly prawns (Tuesday special). You get 8 large prawns which I was really happy about. Awesome flavour!
"This was the first place I ate during a month long stay in Vancouver (I ate out at least once a day the whole time) and I think it's still my favorite.

I got the 7 course tasting menu for dinner and every single dish was incredible (except the green beans - didn't care for those).  It was a bit of a splurge for me but I'm glad I got it.  The roti canai is ridiculously good. 

I got lunch on another occasion and it was delicious and really cheap - like 7 or 8 bucks.  I love this place!"
Hard to find good Malaysian food outside of Penang. This was as good as we've had.
"I would have given this tiny gem 5 stars except for the crab.  We ordered the tasting menu for 2 but we wanted to taste the crab so we ordered it seperately.  While the sauce was great the crab was not cooked well and it was impossible to get the crabmeat out of the shell.  
However, everything else on the tasting menu was fabulous.  We had great service and if we are ever back in Vancouver we will definitely revisit this great place."
The tasting menu is just awesome & it deserves 5 stars. To say the least, it's just a great place that worths money.
We love this place! Decent price point but you get quality food. Get the singaporean laksa! Their laksa is the beeeeeeest. and the eggplant fries :) the calamari is good too. The guy with long hair is very friendly. Will definitely come back.
"There really is no excuse not to eat here and spend some hard-earned money giving it a try (not a lot or anything, prices are reasonable - just don't expect bargain food on bad white rice!)  You'll likely love it and return a lot, or you'll simply find that you do not have a taste for their type of cuisine (doubt that, but we are all different).  No matter what, you'd have a very hard time finding flaws.

We eat either at the Broadway or Denman locations whenever we visit from Seattle, 2 or 3 times a year.  And since our first time 6 years ago or so, it just flat hits it, every time.  Nothing on the menu is boring, or flabby, or poorly-done.  Favorites include the Gado Gado salad, Roti, and the Sambal veggies with okra and eggplant.  Was just at the Denman location a couple of nights ago, and the lamb shank was surprisingly generous in size, and the meat just fell away from the bone.  Nice bottle of Spanish Monastrell for $34 was a good match for our whole meal.

Staff is young, sharp, and as attentive as you might expect in a place that charged far more than their $12-$18 or so for an entree.  Decor is warm, lights are low.  Music in the Denman restaurant is very cool, eclectic, and while you might first think it's loud, it's actually just right because the room is pretty cozy/small, and your conversations would be heard by the other diners who sit quite close.  Instead, it gives it a good, sexy vibe, matching the creative flavors of the food.

It's a don't-miss in Vancouver in our opinion."
"Not bad of a place to come get some decent malaysian dishes. Ordered a chicken curry and beef rendang. not bad, although i'd have to say that they were on the saltier side. The beef rendang tasted ok, but i could somehow tell that it wasn't simmered in the sauce, but cooked separate and added together when ordered. I also ordered a Roti, which tasted good, but came cold. That was dissapointing.

On the other hand, staff was friendly, making the night quite enjoyable."
Walked in this restaurant to have a snack.  We shared the steamed mussels cooked in coconut milk and aromatics.  Loved the freshness and tastiness of their preparation.  Also ordered a special with nasi goreng, veggies, lamb, fish, chicken and a fried egg which was so flavorful.  Had a couple of orders of the eggplant fries. Delicious. I wish they had a branch near us.  This is another restaurant I highly recommend and will go back to when we visit Vancouver again.
This is our second time at this location. We had the sampler for two which is my favorite especially with the dessert at the end. Will definitely come back again for the fine spices they use!
I wanted to try Malaysian food. It turned out to be tasty and reasonably priced. The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated.
"I am in love with their Singaporean Laksa.  Completely flavorful and just right in terms of saltiness.  I like the fact that they did not mix in noodles with rice noodles for this dish like how it's supposed to.  I like it with just rice noodles and it's awesome!  The Satay is not bad either as the meat was plenty and juicy.  This restaurant get their sauces and taste right on the mark.  Nothing is overdone or watered down and the taste is intense and authentic.  The restaurant's atmosphere is cute and it's very clean.  Lunch is so cheap that I am surprised they even have a tasting menu.

I wish the Banana Leaf in my town is like this one. I am missing it already!"
"Best Nasi lemak I've ever had. 
Definitely coming back for it again! 

Although coconut rice was little too dry, it's still awesome."
"Banana Leaf is one of the best Malaysian places in Vancouver, hands down.

We came here for some takeout.  Specifically, the chicken rendang.

The location was quite packed, since it was a Fireworks night.  The foyer was cramped.  We had to work our way through to the front to place our order.  The food came quickly, in under 10 minutes.

The chicken was a bit dry, the the sauce is killer awesome.  You can taste all the herbs and coconut.  It's the real deal.

My only complaint is the price.  The food is good, but not $16 good.  $10 would be a lot more reasonable.  Because of the sardine factor, I would recommend their other locations (West Broadway comes to mind)."
"7/100
I am giving them 5 stars because I have had such difficulty finishing a meal lately., but today I left with Mee Goreng, crispy rolls and beef satay with chunky peanut sauce. It was delicious. I just gobbled it ALL down! I got some nice pics of the restaurant but cannot wait to dine in to get some great food pictures! So good!"
"From the outside, you are like, WHAT IS THIS PLACE? Cuz you can't really see inside from the street... but what awaits you inside is a dream of southeastern cuising.  Large menu with good pricing is what keep this place full, I mean FULL... always wait for a seat when I visit Banana Leaf.

I've had a few rice dishes and have been very satisfied.  It's one of the best places to eat on Denman.  Hands down.

Enjoy!"
"I have genuine dreams about eating here and it often translates into lunch rather than dinner.  Seriously, my need to eat the Sinapore Laksa borders on obsession, the coconut base with lemongrass and tons of seafood (prawn, squid, fish cake) is mouth watering. I ask for mine with extra sambal (and no chicken for me), it is literally the best thing ever.  The Roti Canai is a flaky layered type of naan that accompanies the soup well, but it a must have side for basically any dish on the menu.

There are a lot of dishes on the menu, so I'll recommend ones that I order often: Sambal Okra Eggplant and Green Bean, Tofu Goreng.  The Assam Curry Scallops are also killer.  The lychee mojito is my favourite cocktail from the bar.

If you are veg/an this restaurant can accommodate you easily, a majority of the vegetable dishes come with some form of dried prawn or paste, they are happy to cater to your dietary needs with no fuss.

The seating is semi limited so either make a reservation or avoid peak times if you are dropping in.  It is particularly busy in the tourist heavy months of the summer.  If I had to complain it would be that the veg dishes are a little expensive and sometimes the service can slow when the place is packed.

I totally recommend this place to friends from out of town!"
Honestly# the food was bit too sweet for my taste. Chicken curry was much better than mango Chilli prawns. Great service though.
"Went there to try asiatic food. The restaurant is not big, but that's good to being in a privacy atmosphere.
Waitresses were very pleasant.

I took juste a lettuce accompanied with a pastry bowl and vegetables inside. I got a spicy sauce. It was delicious ! Its supposed to be an entree but I took it as a main. 
Then I've choose a desert a Kuih Dadar.
For me its a must try ! Its a coconut crepe with gula maleka. Hummm was amazing:)"
We got the roti cani , redang beef and chicken curry with a soda to top off lunch all for less than $30. Its good I'd like to try Pisan Goreng next time because another table ordered it and it looked delish. We got there right before they closed for lunch at 245pm. They open back later for dinner.
wowzers this southeast asian joint is as good as it gets and this is coming from someone who knows what it should taste like.  we had the 7 course tasting meal with the accompanying wines and it was everything we hoped it would be.  the service is great and very attentive.  dinner was soooo good i felt the need to go back again for lunch the following day as i was craving some curry laksa.  this place can not be beat...and you will love it if you are a fan of southeast asian cuisine.  sooo good it made my toes tingle.
"Flavourful stuff.  A no-brainer when in the West End for Malaysian food! It's small, clean and smartly decorated. I can't really find anything to complain about! 

Try the roti canai. And the curried chicken. And the chicken satay. And the calamari...and..and ...and...*sigh*."
Tried the nine course meal option with the three wine pairing and would highly recommend it! Be sure to bring your appetite because the portions are healthy but not overwhelming.
"This was my first dinner in Vancouver on my recent trip and I'm so glad it was. Yelp reviewers, you did not lead me astray! Though we got there around 9 on a Friday night, there was only a 5 minute wait though the place is small. Maybe we just got lucky. There's a great ambiance inside. From the outside it doesn't look like much. Inside it was full of color, lots of little tables, yet enough space to have some privacy. It's a great date spot. The plating was nice and simple. The waitresses were friendly and the food was quick. I've been to many-a restaurants in NYC for SE Asian cuisine and this was definitely on par with the best in NYC. 

For drinks I had a thai iced tea and he had a virgin lychee mojito. My iced tea was strong and delicious, sweet but not too sweet. His mojito was so good that you didn't miss the rum. Really. 
Roti Canai: I've had really good & really bad roti canai. This was definitely one of the best I've had. The roti was thin and moist but not oily or greasy. The canai was slightly sweet, slightly spicy - perfect. 
Vegetable spring rolls: Very fresh tasting - but a bit too oily and big for me. It was like an egg roll sized spring roll. I like mine a bit smaller so the paper doesn't soak up too much oil when frying. The filling was fresh tasting though. He polished them off! 

For my main I ordered the Assam Curry Tofu & Vegetables. It was so good and not too heavy. Spicy but not overpowering. The portion was huge so I ended up only finishing half of it. I prefer my fried tofu soft in the center, not spongy like some places. This was perfectly cooked outside so it was crispy but the center was so soft. When I cut a piece of tofu in half, it almost melted, just like my favorite korean dubu. 

He got the Alaskan Black Cod in carmamelized ginger sauce platter. It sounds bigger than the main dish but it's actually smaller portioned for one person. When it arrived it certainly didn't look like a single portion! I didn't try the cod but the sauce was very good. He loved it. 

We were so full afterwards that we didn't want to even think about dessert. We walked out very happy and very full. Great food. Great ambiance. I think they do a great job of blending authentic with healthy. I would definitely recommend and definitely come back."
"A Malaysian restaurant along Denman with a large menu, good portions and decent dishes - great for casual dining in the West End. 

A friend and I went at noon and ordered off their lunch menu (very well-priced!): 
- Tiger Prawns in Gulai Sauce ($12) - delicious spices and creamy coconut sauce
- Rendang Beef & Sayur Lemak with Rice ($8) - flavourful

Yup, I'll be back sometime, or I'll try the new one on Davie :)"
Super good food and great service ! We tried the 9 course tasting menu. Meal was well paced and the servers were very attentive!
Satay Skewers were great.  I had a mixture of beef and chicken.  The Mee Goreng was good.  The service at 4 pm was excellent.
Just had an incredibly delicious meal...starting with my lychee mojito ( non alcohol) cocktail, then the peppered oysters - so so good and not heavily breaded and for my main I had the black cod with caramelized ginger sauce - wonderful and the sauce very very tasty and not overpowering. The staff were super nice and polite. My husband and I shared for desert the black rice pudding and they gave us a huge portion , we took some back to our hotel. One of the best meals I had on our vacation to the Pacific Northwest!
We tried lunch here. The service was quick. The ambiance was good. Food was tasty! We loved the Nasi Goreng, Pineapple fried rice and Fish Panggang. Would definitely recommend to anyone visiting Vancouver downtown.
This location is absolutely incredible. Every visit to Vancouver includes a visit to Banana Leaf on Denman! The roti canai is the best , and all of the curries are the perfect blend of spicy and sweet. After a few plates and drink orders, they included a free dessert! A deep fried banana and ice cream dish, which was as incredible as it sounds. See you there during my next vancity visit!
"Awesome food and one of the best in Vancouver..
Highly recommended!/
Don't miss the roti (which is similar to Kerala paratta) and the chicken curry."
"There are several ""Banana Leafs"" and I have eaten at two of them...both fantastic. The food is fresh and an adventure for anyones taste buds. If you are a foodie...check it out!!!

ps I'm in the valley...I wish we had this kind of taste adventure out here...hint hint!!!"
Banana leaf is a well managed restaurant.  Their menu, dishes, service and interior are all excellent.  Their food are not only eatable, they are also beautiful as well.   I love to see how they present their food each time when the server bring the dishs out.  They offer 8, 9 or 10 courses meal for $20, $25 or $30 a person. If you have never been here before, this will be a great way for you to try out their dishes.  Price is reasonable.
"This place was just fabulous! I'd never had Indonesian/Malaysian before, and Banana Leaf was a great foray. Every dish was bursting with the pronounced but balanced southeast Asian flavors of sweet, sour and savory!

My faves were the Singaporean laksa soup, which was basically a thin but creamy curry with rice noodles, and the sauteed green beans in a pungent, shrimpy dry sauce. 

We also ordered the papaya salad to start -- it was fresh and the dressing was great,  but I was disappointed that it was just a green salad with chunks of ripe papaya and canned pineapple in it, instead of the shredded green papaya salad one usually finds on a southeast Asian menu. The ""Abundance of Seafood"" was also a bit disappointing, as there wasn't really an abundance of seafood -- more like an abundance of sauteed onions and sauce!

I loved the cozy, colorful ambience of the place...a bit hole-in-the-wallish, but in a good way. You can definitely have an intimate casual date-night dinner here. I loved grabbing some gelato for dessert next door and walking around the cute neighborhood afterwards. You'll need the exercise after such a hearty and flavorful meal!"
Roti canai & seafood nasi lemak is super delicious! Will be back for more authentic dishes!!
The lunch set is a deal... a sample of Malay food.
I don't really know what authentic Malaysian food tastes like, but whatever we had at this restaurant was good! My point being that I can't really tell if the food was authentic, but I can tell that it was very tasty. I had a  lamb shank-based dish which I thoroughly enjoyed. The others in our group had a variety of food and, including Kung Pao chicken, which was very different from the fare we have eaten at Chinese restaurants. The mango sticky rice and fried banana dessert was very  good.  Definitely a place to visit again.
"Small place, good food, drinks and service and now takes reservations.

Ive been to this location several times,  I have a go to Malay restaurant but Banana leaf is very good.  Located on Denman not a convenient location for me so rarely come here but when I do its always a good experience.  

 On our recent visit we started with some roti canai (a must when here) and chicken satay.  The roti was delish never lets me down the chicken satay were just ok.  

We ordered pineapple margarita yummmmmy!! Though my American guest thought it was lacking alcohol we both agreed it was tasty, it was also the drink special of the day.  

For our mains we had curry boneless chicken, mixed steamed vegetables, nasi goreng fried rice, and mee goreng noodles.  Everything tasted good, some dishes with just amount out spice.  Good portions for sharing.  My favourite dish was the noodle dish mee goreng.  

Great service, we made reservation only several hours before took us in at 7:30 pm on a busy Saturday.  

I will defiantly be back."
"Visited during a recent trip to Vancouver. We stumbled upon this restaurant when looking for a Thai restaurant when the restaurant we intended to go to was closed (this restaurant is not Thai). Definitely a good find!

There was a good crowd on a Thursday night. The service was good and the atmosphere is cozy.

We ordered the 7-course sampler (available Mon - Thu only) and it offered a great variety of tasty dishes at a very good price. I've had better Roti Canai and the green beans were a little too salty, but overall we felt we had made a good choice and it was a good value. Also ordered the Mango salad and the Tofu appetizer which was also excellent."
"What can I say that's not been said in the previous reviews?

Fantastic, unique, flavour filled food in a cozy setting with good service at a great price. The Apetizer Platter for two was great, and a super value.

Next time, I'm saving room for desert. Definitely will be back."
"I don't even know how to describe how delicious this place was. After hearing so many positive reviews about it, I finally got my act together and went. All I can say is that I'm angry at myself for depriving myself from the deliciousness that is Banana Leaf for this long.
Never have been a fan of roti canai, but our table got it and of course I tried it. So amazing that I am officially a roti canai lover.
For our main courses, I got the boneless curry chicken and my mom got the abundance of seafood. They were both so mouth-watering that we still haven't stopped raving to all our family and friends about it.
On top of the wonderful food experience, the ambiance and the staff was great too. Our waiter helped us out with our food choices and was extremely helpful. 
If you're contemplating about walking into Banana Leaf, please stop thinking and just do yourself a favor and PLEASE go in!"
"I still dream of their roti, and it's been over a week since I ate here. It was absolutely delicious; crispy, piping hot, with just the perfect amount of chewiness. 

This place was high on my list of places to try in Vancouver, and it did not let me down. We stopped by for a late lunch and both my bf and I ordered dishes off their lunch menu. I had the chicken skewers with peanut sauce and the bf had a rice noodle dish. Both were delicious, although I liked my dish a little bit more.

If you're in the area, you should definitely stop by for a quick lunch or dinner. Decent prices, great location, cute decor, and good food. What more can you ask for?"
"Lunch time - no rush, no huge lineup out the door, even for a small space. Just the way I like it! And some yum specials to boot. My chicken curry ($8) and pineapple soda hit the spot and was almost the right size for me. I couldn't finish my rice, but that was likely due to the fact that I'd scarfed down some Roti Canai to start. 

And Roti brings me to my new mission: I now just need to know how other places serve it up. I've been told it should be a bit crispy and flaky, but here it was more doughy (like a wafery pancake?)"
One of the good Malaysian restaurants in town that I discovered by accident. Great fresh ingredients and service. Don't miss the Singapore laksa and the Roti Canai!
"This is one of my favourite neighbourhood restaurants. The dining room is small and somewhat cramped but I don't care. There is always a crowd in and the room is filled with conversation, always a good sign. The service is always friendly and prompt and the food is excellent for the price. The beef rendang is expecially good and I am yet to have a bad dish here. T

his is a 4* place based on the price, compared the quality of food you get for it. It is excellent casual neighbourhood dining and in a town laden with Japanese and Chinese cuisine it is great to have a different Asian alternative."
This was delicious, although a bit pricey for the amount of food you get.  I really liked the roti, mee goreng and the fried banana. This was cozy and a great spot that wasn't too crowded. Was it super authentic? No, but it's Vancouver, and not Sinapore.
Probably some of the best southeast Asian food I have had in a long time. We had the roti bread (amazing), the soft shell crab (waddup) and as entrées the mee goreng (upscale) and the mango shrimp (wicked). Aside from that the service is super friendly...just an awesome awesome place. Would 100% recommend to go there....
"My favorite menu is the roti canai.
I think their roti is best in Vancouver for me. 
The curry, shrimp with sambal sause, nashi goren are super good.
I sometimes order crab and clam which are marcket price.
They are delicious but a little expensive by this restaurant."
"Delicious food! We got the lamb shank, Kung pao chicken, mee goreng, roti canai and the calamari. All plates were delicious, full of flavor and great for sharing. The roti canai is the best na'an ice ever had! You must get that! 
We also ordered 3 drinks, and they were decent; not strong but good flavor."
Great Malaysian food. Their rendang beef curry is excellent with just the right amount of kick. I had the pisang goreng for dessert and there was enough for 2 to share and not feel shorted. No complaints.
Visited here for a late lunch, though still in time for their lunch special. The Roti Canai is really flaky but not oily, although the side coconut curry is a bit on the sweeter side. We shared the Singaporean laksa and the pineapple fried rice combo. My first time trying laksa, it's really rich and very filling, lots of noodles and seafood in the soup so really great value. The chicken satay and peanut sauce that came with the fried rice were bomb. Especially the peanut sauce, would come to order just that again. The chicken was very tender. I wasn't used to the crunchy (undercooked?) green beans in the fried rice, but overall, the flavours were well-balanced. Oh we also tried their black sticky rice pudding (?), it's huge so definitely meant to b shared. That was a little on the sweet side but I really enjoyed the texture. Very friendly waiters and shop has great atmosphere and decoration. Not sure how this compares to the other Banana Leafs, but this is some really authentic (high-class) food.
"A small, cozy restaurant with charming decor and service.

But not the place to go to for Malaysian food if you're a homesick Malaysian or Singaporean (or otherwise familiar with the cuisine).  The menu has a number of traditional Malaysian dishes, but most of these dishes are more properly described as ""interpretations"" for a Canadian customer base, rather than accurate renditions of the dishes.  See Spunkalishis S' review for more detail.

If you're not fussy and not looking for 'authentic' Malaysian food, the food at Banana Leaf is well-cooked and nicely presented (which is why I'm giving it three stars, not two), and the restaurant itself is a charming place to have a meal.  

But if you're looking for the real thing, you'll be disappointed, as we were."
"My journey to cure my Malaysian food cravings lead us to Banana Leaf.  

I tend to eat at the Broadway location, but the Denman location has daily specials and they excellent!  Mondays are Singapore Chili Crab for $9.95 and Tuesdays are Kum Keong Lobster for $14.95.

My group of 6 stopped in on a Tuesday and we were going to order 4 orders of the lobster along with some other dishes.  Unfortunately, they ran low on lobsters and only had 1 left!  Nooooooo.... The manager stepped in and offered to let us order the Monday crab special since they only had 1 lobster.  He saved the day because I ended up enjoying myself even more since there was variety.    

The crab was savoury, sweet and a little tangy.  The crab brain was a bit too bitter though so we devoured all the other parts.  The lobster wasn't too spicy and even one of my dining mates can eat it without any issues.  It was delicious, but really salty so with some rice, it was perfect.  Another stand out dish was the Sambal Fish with Green Beans.  The fish was soft and had a tangy sauce, while the green beans were cooked enough that they still retained a crunch.  

For dessert I had the Deep Fried Banana with Ice Cream and it is the best deep fried banana to this date.  The banana was coated in a crispy light coating and didn't feel as soggy or heavy as other places.  The dessert was also dusted with crushed peanuts and drizzled with gula melaka, which is sugar from coconut trees, combined with coconut milk and pudding.

Service was excellent and our server was attentive and friendly.  Our water glasses were never empty and all the staff had a smile while we ate.  I'll be back again when the next Malaysian food craving hits."
"Superb. Amazingly spiced and cooked Malaysian food.

I had the Roti for starters, which was fantastic and the Kung Pow chicken for a main which was absolutely fantastic

The service was superb and attentive without being overbearing

I will definitely be back"
Perfect - great hot and sour soup. Ribs were fall-off-the-bone delicious and flavorful,  and the rice came wrapped in a leaf folded into a perfect pyramid - nice touch!  Service was friendly and quick.
"Good food, great customer service.

Specially for this location we been coming coz if the Celine. She's such a nice person, good customer service."
We tried this place the first time three days ago and came again for our last day. So two times in five days! We ordered the lychee mojitos. They were the best I've had the lychee gives it a nice sweetness to the sourness of lime and compliments the rum. The staff was very helpful both times and specifically the first because there is a wide selection of different cuisines. I wish I took notes of the names that I ordered, but in our first time, we had the gulai seafood medley, braised short ribs, and the rice dish with dried fish, calamari, egg, and peanuts on a banana leaf. We also ordered an extra side of the coconut rice. The seafood was not over cooked and just perfect to dig into especially with the curry sauce. I think we may have ordered the last of the short ribs so thank goodness we got to try it because it was so tender right off the bone and its sauce was not at all too salty in flavor and just complimentary to the meat. The rice was the biggest surprise! I never thought it would compliment an entire meal just due to the preparation. Lastly, I also want to say that for the second time, we tried something new got the scallops in curry and the snapper fillet in banana leaf. Of course, we had to order our lychee mojitos again but oh my goodness, you really can't go wrong ordering anything in the menu. I'm really picky on how I like my seafood cooked the scallops cut like butter and tasted awesome in the sauce. The fish was so flavorful after being cooked in the banana leaf with okra. I love okra now! Overall, the food was amazing!!! Vincent (maybe, the head manager) recognized us and heard this was our last day so he gave us a complimentary banana fritter like dessert with ice cream! I don't know how we ended up finishing the whole plate after all that food I just described but the desert was not too sweet and gave a good ending to our whole experience of Banana Leaf this vacation The staff is so accommodating and friendly. Til next time Banana Leaf!
We popped by around 5:00 PM after bike riding the seawall. We didn't know that they have a happy hour. However, there were three appys on for half price and one drink for two dollars off. We tried all three: calamari, mango salad, and beef wrap. I really liked them all except the calamari. Needed to be crispier. We also ordered pineapple fried rice, fried oysters, and beef curry. The oysters were a bit heavy but everything else tasted good. They have good lunch combos and set menu samplers.
Seriously amazing. Did the 9-course tasting meal. The caramelized fish     melted in our mouths, and the roti canai was yummy. Every dish was delicious. My daughter wanted to extend our vacation in Vancouver just so we could go back and get more roti canai.
"Always great food with friendly staff ... The quality seems to be consistently great. There is a few favourites such as the Sambal Green Beans and Nasi Goreng... 

Cozy interior with warm colours to make you feel comfy while you eat."
"My family and I were tourists to Vancouver, and a nice bus driver recommended this place and talked very highly about it. He was definitely right about it being amazing! 

We had never tried Malaysian food/cuisine, and it opened up our eyes to the colourful and tasty specials. I definitely would recommend the Pineapple Fried Rice, it actually came in half of a carved out pineapple. The tasting menu was also extremely worth it for only $20 ! 

Great experience, great food."
"This summer we had a lot of out of town guests for our wedding. We gave them some suggestions for restaurants and several guests commented on how much they loved the Banana Leaf. A couple of people actually lamented that they wish there was a Banana Leaf in L.A. Too bad, guys, guess you'll just have to come back to Vancouver for your new found Malaysian food cravings. 

This Banana Leaf is the smallest out of all the Banana Leafs in town, but it definitely measures up. Try the Dragon's Eye cocktail. If you are new to Malaysian food, try one of the tasting menu. Whatever you do, make sure you order the roti canai."
"This was a decent place to come... I found Malaysian food to be very similar to Chinese food... less sweet, more spicy.  The water they brought was without ice... I would have liked ice.

Mee Goreng
Mee Goreng noodles tasted very similar to Phad Thai... Thing is that I prefer the sweetness of Phad Thai, but it was still very good.

Kung Pao Chicken
OK, nice and charred chicken.  A little heavy on the peppers and onions, however.

Sweet and Sour Pork
Very good.  Tender, bone-in loins.

Roti Canai Appetizer
Delicious flatbread with curry sauce... Definitely get two servings@

Coconut Rice
Definitely needed if you're gonna get any sauced meat dishes."
"4.5 stars.
Heard great things about this place, so decided to check it out while visiting Vancouver.
Boy am I glad we did.
I had a group of 6 people...and when we walked in they told us it would be about a 30 minute wait...turned out it was an hour..they dont really have a lot of ""group"" tables..definitely not a place for more than 4...
Very small restaurant, maybe a capacity of 30 max?
The service was a little on the slow side...but I think that was from the kitchen...our waitress was really sweet and friendly, helpful too.
Being vegetarian, when you first see the menu you think, oh theres nothing here for me to eat...until you realize...They'll make half the stuff veggie friendly...yay!!!
The Sambal Okra  was amazing as was the Sayur Lamak...We also had the Assam Curry which was very tasty.  The coconut rice was really a great way to have the curry (better than the jasmine rice).  
The lychee mojitos were FANTASTIC.  
Definitely worth the 1 hour wait for the amazingly aromatic food we had.  I can see how this place has gotten rave reviews for it's food.  I just wish they had a bigger place so that they could accomodate people faster.    Highly recommended."
We went to Vancouver last year and went to Banana Left Friday night. It was THE hot spot, very good ambiance and of course the food was trendy yet very delicious. I would definitely go back as prices were reasonable as well.
Recently visited here for date night with my boyfriend. We had a fantastic meal and a really nice experience. The restaurant setting was intimate, and the food was delicious! We really enjoyed the appetizer sampler, and our favourites of the night were the roti canai and chicken satay. We will definitely be coming back soon!
"From now on, all my starred-reviews are going to have to compete with this outrageous, brilliantly delectable food. Can I give it 7 stars??

We had just finished several miles on Mobi-bikes riding around Stanley Park (another review coming on that) and found a Mobi drop-off for the bikes on Denam and Robson. We were hungry, thirsty, and deserved a drink after riding on this on-and-off sunny/cloudy/sunny/rainy/cloudy/sunny day. Right across the street was ""Banana Leaf"" which we had targeted as a place to try while in Vancouver. Coincidence? Maybe. But I prefer to think of it as 'Good Karma' paid back to two nice people. :)

We immediately ordered Peach-Mango Bellinis because: 1) we were thirsty 2) we felt we totally deserved them 3) we're on vacation so get over it and 4) because we could. While our incredibly delicious Bellinis were being perfectly prepared, we browsed the menu. Those of you who follow my reviews know that the preferred madness to dining is to eat as much variety as possible. That usually results in splitting dishes with my partner. But this menu offered an unusual but divinely inspired option: sampler menus for two. You can choose from 7 courses, 8 courses, or the seemingly gluttonous 9 courses, each with a different mixture of appetizers, entrees, and a dessert. My partner balked at the 9 courses, (preferring the 7 course option) which would give us the best sampling. What is one to do when faced with an opposing view? I ordered us another round of Bellinis, and we engaged in a logical discussion where I explained the logic of how we could take the leftovers back to the rented flat where we had a refrigerator. We will never know if to was the logical argument or the second Bellini but we ended up compromising on the 8 courses. It was a good solution.

The first appetizer was a salad with fruits, greens, and I'm not sure what else. That was followed by mussels cooked in a curry sauce. It was one of the most exquisite taste experiences of all time. A perfect use of curry as a flavor enhancer, not over-powering the food. The third appetizer was the best chicken satay we have ever, let me repeat that, ever, eaten anywhere. And we have had many a chicken satays my friends. Then the entrees arrived, all in small servings perfectly dished out for two people. A large serving of jasmine rice accompanied the 1) asparagus with baby scallops and little shrimps, 2) mango chili-tiger prawns (droopingly delicious 3) sockeye salmon in a coconut curry (again, divine use of curry as a flavoring) and 4) pork spare ribs that melted in your mouth. The glaze was over-the-top scrumptious. Then came the dessert, a green-tea crepe with toasted coconut wrapped inside in a light caramel coconut sauce. 

Listen. Can you hear it? The moaning of pleasure? That is us, rethinking this lunch. It was the best meal we've eaten in many years. I mean many years. We've had good food in lots of places, pre-Yelp years included, but this was one of the gems."
We had a wonderful 7 course tasting dinner tonight for ONLY $18 per person. Started with Papaya and Pineapple Asian Salad, Calamari, Roti Canai. Followed by Assam Curry Fish Fillets, Rendang Beef Curry and Sambal Green Beans, finished off with Pisang Goreng (Fried Banana's with Icecream). Everything was excellent except the Calamari which was just so-so. As I told my Mom, we'd probably pay $18 for just one dish back home (San Francisco). I also ordered the wine pairing which at $12 was a pretty good value too!  Service was quite good also and we had enough left over for dinner tomorrow too! :)
"We just got back from a truly memorable dinner at the Banana Leaf on Denman. The atmosphere is relaxed and the service was quick and attentive. We took advantage of Happy Hour and enjoyed sharing a couple of appies - the eggplant fries stole the show. Many of the items on the dinner menu carry a ""pepper"" beside them to indicate a spicy dish. We both enjoy skillfully used spices, but hate spice used to numb your taste buds. The entree that we shared carried the pepper label but it was mild enough that you could enjoy the flavors of the ingredients  (in our case, seafood) skillfully interacting with the spices.  It was absolutely delicious and such a  refreshing change from that mouth-on-fire feeling the you often get. Cheerful staff, wonderful setting and service, reasonable prices, and fabulous food. What more do you want from a dining experience? !?"
"Really love the food here! Its a very small place and they don't take reservations so it's better not to go in prime time because you will be stuck waiting in line. I usually order a take out!
Everything I tried was amazing!
Definitely check it out!"
My friend recommend this restaurant to me and told me they have the best HaiNan chicken in Vancouver. The food is overall good. The chicken is very soft and delicious.
"A dinner of Mee Goreng that left me swooning, not sweating; whatever they do to their spice palette is fantastic. It's the type of spice that hits hot but tapers off before your bite is done. Perfect for me as I loathe the lingering burn that sometimes accompanies a spicy dish. 

The thing about Banana Leaf and other yummy Asian fare is that you definitely have to be with dining companions that compliment your style of dining. For me, its an injustice to forgo family style. A plate of Mee Goreng is fantastic on it's own, but it's so much better when shared and therefore, have an abundance of other dishes to taste. I guess you could say I'd go family style anytime, anywhere! Who's with me on that?"
Excellent place. Ordered mee goreng and it was just like how I had in Penang, Malayasia. My husband had allergies to seafood and was looking for a hot soup. They made a special soup that was not in the menu and it was amazing. Excellent customer service and food.
"Oh I wish this restaurant was a little bigger.  Have given up a few times to fight the lines.  

The Roti Canai is superb as is the Rendang Beef and the Laksa.  The flavoours are packed into the generous portions.  Decent service and good prices.


Highly recommend the lunch specials and/or take out if you want to avoid the long wait."
Excellent food. Friendly staff. Overall, great experience. I went twice in my 1 week stay in Vancouver! It was definitely worth it.
"I really enjoyed the food.....they have a few locations.  Ive been to 2 locations so far, the Denman location and the Davie location.  No reason I decided to write the review at this particular location .  

So far Ive had the Roti Canai....awesome flatbread kind of appetizer. Its kind of like a croissant but flat, it comes with this awesome curry sauce to dip in or shovel down your mouth. 

Pineapple fried rice:  Fried rice served in a split open pineapple.....awesome presentation!   This was delicious!

Ipoh Char Hor Fun:  Flat rice noodles with seafood such as shrimp, mushrooms, fish cake, squid, veggies in a tasty sauce.  I wished the sauce was a little thicker than runny, it definitely floods your plate. So I sopped it up with some rice.  

Service was good at both locations, I didnt have any issues.  Price was what I expected too.  Ill definitely be back!  

Hooray for Malay!!

Happy Malay'n!!!"
"Love the real asian cuisine flavor !!!

Once I back to visited in vancity, this is the place for home flavors!!!"
"Crowded, dark, small, long wait - but it's all worth it.  Excellent food, period!

We walked along the street looking for a place to eat, but decided to go inside this plain looking restaurant with a poster of three sexy exotic women holding tropical drinks and trays of fruits.  

We had the following:

Light salad - tangey with sprinkle of peanuts, mixed greens, tomatoes, two red and green bell peppers, cucumbers, cantelope, and pine apple - nice start.

Appetizer sampler:  $16 with enough for 2
spring rolls - okay, not great
calamari - ok
roti- ok
chicken sate - we loved it (moist and perfectly cooked)
appetizer served with 3 different kinds of dipping sauces.  One is soy based, the other is peanut curry, and we don't know what the third was.

Papaya and pumpkin seafood soup was flavorful.  There was a lot of ginger in it to warm us up.  There was 1 oyster, 1 clam in the clear broth.  It tasted sweet and spicy without the msg taste.

For the main course, we had prawn  and chicken.... They were all good and memorable.. Because the food was so enjoyable, I forgot to take further notes and enjoyed our evening eating and partying.  

FOOD - Excellent
SERVICE - good
LOCATION - safe location, but the restaurant is small so plan on waiting if you come in a large group.
PARKING - street parking. 

We will definitely come back to this place to try other dishes."
Don't let the exterior fool you - this place is very good. Good service, great food and prices.  Catch them for lunch or happy hour for an even better deal.  Lots of seafood.  I hit the ribs and loved them.
"I have been going to Banana Leaf for several years. I have gone for both sit-down meals and takeout. I have gone to all four locations of Banana Leaf but I think that the Denman location is the best. It is smaller and more intimate. I also find that it's less busy and less noisy, especially compared to the Kitsilano location.  The Davie location is new and I also like that one as well.

I would recommend the following items:

Appetizers:
- Satay - Chicken, Beef, Pork, Lamb (you can get an assortment(
- Roti Canai (this is a must, get a few orders, you'll love it!)
- Tofu Goreng (I love the sweet chili sauce that goes with the tofu)

Main Courses:
- Alaskan Black Cod in Caramelized Ginger Sauce with ""Kicap Manis"" (the first time I had this, it was excellent; the second time, the fish was not as fresh as I had hoped)
- Nasi Goreng (this is an amazing fried rice dish)
- Sambal Chili Fried Okra, Eggplant & Green Bean

Dessert:
Kuih Dadar -(being a coconut fan, this is an excellent coconut crepe)"
"Food is great but it taste too smooth it did look, smell and taste what you can have in malaysia or singapore but it lacks a little bit of chilli.
Toilet is clean.
You can have lunch for or under 10$."
"I like Banana Leaf generally, and this place is as good as the other locations. It's a bit on the small side, but they put good effort into making the ambiance nice despite the small size, and the staff is very friendly.

It's the same fun food and pretty good prices as the other locations, too, with nice set and tasting menu options. I went with my sister recently and we had the eggplant fries (surprisingly delicious), the ginger honey tea (that stuff has some real kick), a kind of spinach curry, and I had the Kung Pao chicken, which was delicious as always."
We had the 9 course tasting menu for two and would not order it again.  I enjoyed the sambal green bean in dried shrimp sauce, black cod in caramelized ginger sauce, scallops & prawn in gulai sauce, chicken satay, and roti canai, but did not enjoy the steamed mussels or rendang beef curry.  The pisang goreng was also way too heavy.
"It always my favorite restaurant! 
I went to few banana leaf in Vancouver, however I aways come back to this one.   
I never get a bad dish from here and everything taste great!
I love the stuffs there! They are so nice and they know when to come. A great costumer service will give you a great environment to enjoy the food.  
Last time I went there with my husband and we orders the dinner meals for two. It was so much food! The mongo sales are so fresh, I can tests the summer! The cod fish is the best! So yummy and so much favors! The seafood are well prepared and fresh like just from the ocean! The beef curry an beans were a bit spicy for me, but my husband love it! The four main dish just a great balance! Oh my god the fried banana with ice cream! It always makes my day! In the middle, the waiter always come the right moment to take the empty place, ask about the food or add water! I don't feel them but enjoy the great service! The services make the biggest different between this place and others! 
Of course they have other great food there too! Like pineapple rice or the shrimp! Go a head, u won't order any bad dish! 
Love it and they are the best!"
The food is good but their customer service is horrible. They're so mean and rude here
"ok, let me start by saying that i live in ny.  and we have some pretty great malaysian food here, so my viewpoint might be different if you have never had this before.

the food was tasty.  exceptional?  no.  but it was good.

we got the roti canai (bread awesome, sauce ok).  the belacan (okra, string beans and eggplant in a shrimp paste sauce - usually my favorite dish.  this was good but not amazing.)  and char kuey teow ( a noodley concoction).

like i said, if you want malaysian, and you cant get it many places, this is a good option.  but if you have access to an amazing spot, you might want to skip this one."
The food here was delicious! It wasn't much to look at on the outside, but the inside is quite nice. I had no idea what to order, and the waitress was a great help. I would definitely go back again. The spicy crab was delicious. I don't remember everything I ordered, but everything was great.
I love this place. Great food. Want to give 5 stars but the cocktail that we ordered spoilt it. The lemon they used was not fresh. I would definitely come back though.
Excellent roti canai, rendang, pineapple fried rice and nasi lemak. As a Malaysian, I think it comes very close to a good Malaysian fare. I would have given it 5 stars if not for their not carrying the most important dessert in Malaysia - ice kacang.
"As for a Southeast asian restaurant I find the food - very good, especially the Spicy Crab!   Again I had better, there was once a Malaysian/Indonesian Restaurant on Davie St called Nonya BaBa, the food was Amazing & Out of This World!!! I would Rate it 10 Stars!!!  I still miss it after it's been gone for 12 years!  I & all my friends enjoyed it for 15 years then it disappeared.  Any one remember this Reataurant? 
Well, Banana Leaf will just do for now.... it's good."
In the city for a conference and tried Malaysian food here tonight. Had their sampler dinner. It was amazing; great service and very good food. Loved the shrimp curry, mussels in cumin broth, mango salad and yummy fried banana for dessert. Definitely worth the price!
"Banana Leaf is a good place to have more exotic Asian food. It's safe and easy to try stuff. It can get pricey but is generally worth it.

The roti is always good and don't forget the chicken rice. The chicken and seafood dishes are particularly good. It's a friendly, casual, easygoing pace to enjoy some Malaysian food. The staff is friendly and helpful with any questions or suggestions.

All in all, the Banana Leaf is a cool place for some good food and a pretty decent dining atmosphere."
"The array of Golden Plate stickers and other adornments on the outside of this small place on Denman St. don't lie. The food here is absolutely awesome. It can be quite busy and you may have to wait a bit, but once you're seated you can choose from a fairly wide menu of Malaysian delicacies.

From my point of view, you absolutely have to try a couple of things if you eat here. Firstly, the roti canai. Soft, flaky, hot roti served with a spicy dip - I could live off the stuff. Secondly - the eggplant dish with oyster sauce. Wonderful. Sit in the cozy space with a refreshing Singha beer and enjoy the aromas and flavours - many of the dishes are easily shareable if you go with friends. There's more to taste where that came from, including great Nasi Goreng and Mee Goreng, prawn dishes (super spicy chili or milder, sweeter mango versions), a tasty dish with beans, beef Rendang... it goes on. There really isn't a weak spot on the menu! Lots available for vegetarians too.

The staff are friendly, and it doesn't take too long for your dishes to arrive - both likeable aspects when it comes to service. 

Highly recommended! They also have a bigger, slightly fancier-looking location on Broadway, but if you're in the Denman area this is one of the real standouts."
Because I dint eat spicy you'll see my dish strange. But know its not because of the lack of tates for the there star rating.  The salmon was not soft but overly dry.  The steamed veggies had no decor either. Sauce should not be the only taste in a dish. It wasn't bad though.
"Was finally able to visit this location!  During my time there, the two-person staff were attentive and accommodating.  The food was delicious and they even had drink specials that evening.  The curry was a bit too spicy for my palette, and the manager gave us free ice cream to help cool me down.  How nice!  A short distance from the beach makes this location a great date night place.

This review is based on my personal experience and all statements made herein reflect my personal opinion only. Your experience may be completely different."
Definitely one of the best East Asian places in the West End.
"I feel like I have to write a review just for the service we had. While it ended a little slow (they got really busy) our servers were fabulous, cute, fun, peppy and awesome. I think I'd go there just to hang out with the servers. 

Our food was also great (awesome in fact) the four of us shared the lunch for two (or rather two lunches for two). Really lovely, the food was great, fast and tasty. 

The meal is a little on the pricy side just for lunch, but if you're like me and have a huge lunch it's worth it....food coma here I come!"
This place is one of my go-tos after spending time at English bay! The service is great, they're welcoming, and accomodating. I recommend the 7 course menu - so much food for a decent price! This is the Assam curry seafood that's part of the 7 course, which was my favourite. However the music was really loud for a duration of our meal, but the staff quickly turned it down the moment we mentioned it.
"GET SAMBAL.

so i'm  used to sambal olek from the asian grocery store back home, this is totally different.  this hot sauce is more like the sauce you get at vietnamese restaurants, homemade, with some kind of anchovy paste in it.  it is awesome, stinky, spicy goodness.

so walked in here on a whim, wanted some roti canai.  what a nice surprise.  roti good, little doughy, not flaky enough but plenty of it.  then the string beans were awesome and so were the flat noodles.  almost like a chow fun.  but sambal makes it all good.  the service was good and they have lunch specials.  it was quite a good boost before we walked all the way to richards for our thai massages.  don't get the iced tea thought - waaaaaay too sweet."
We were staying at a hotel nearby and just happened to stumble upon this restaurant and am so glad we did.  We had delicious appetizers and I ordered a lemongrass/ginger cold beverage that was incredible.  I probably could have stopped with the appetizers and been happy, but my husband and I shared a main course.  The restaurant is small and filled up quickly.  Service was excellent and food was delicious.
prompt, hosptable service and exquisitely taty Malaysian food. We ate the 9 course sampler for two because we could not make up our minds what to order. The roti canai, beef rendang, steamed mussels and blackened cod were aong the best we have ever tasted, and the sampler delightfully combined the flavors of Chinese, Indian and Malay cuisine as we came to know them while living on the Malayan Peninsula. We will return to sample all of the items on this menu!
"My husband - who is from Indonesia - and I dropped in here one night for dinner. I've spent 10 years living & working in Indonesia & Malaysia, so we both know good Malaysian food when we taste it. We were both craving some great South East Asian food but walked away somewhat disappointed, unfortunately. 

The roti canai was great (we ordered extra after tasting it), as was the gulai with shrimp & scallops - amazing actually, with a generous serving of beautiful shrimp & scallops which looked gorgeous in its bowl - but the stuffed tofu and gado gado were *seriously* lacking in flavor. When we asked for extra fresh sambal we were given sambal terasi, which was really heavy on the fermented shrimp paste. Not at all what we were expecting or wanting. Sambal terasi is well suited to other dishes, but not at all the ones we had ordered. 

The peanut sauce served with the gado-gado was  plentiful but tasted nothing like peanut sauce in Malaysia OR Indonesia, which should be sweetened using kecap manis or gula merah (a type of solid, compressed, black sugar). When we asked for kecap manis to fix the flavor up a bit, nobody had a clue what we were talking about. They thought we wanted mayonnaise. WTF?!? Kecap manis is an extremely thick, rich, sweet, black soy sauce very common to South East Asian countries, and readily available in Asian supermarkets in Canada. Which we explained to them. They tried to tell us it wasn't available in Canada. Not true. This is a staple in our own kitchen that we buy regularly since we moved back to Canada a few years ago. Good peanut sauce is absolutely essential for a good gado-gado. This peanut sauce just ruined the dish altogether, unfortunately. 

The stuffed tofu was made with very soft tofu that was incredibly bland/yucky & was not battered and deep fried as stuffed tofu should be (normally called tahu isi) Super disappointing. I personally couldn't eat it. My husband managed to force it down. It also had the oddest thin, watery sauce served over top of it that did little to add to the bland flavor. 

Not to mention that NOTHING was served on actual banana leaves, also readily available in Canada. Ironic, considering the name of the restaurant. 

We were told by the man from Hong Kong running the place that they more or less dumb down the food for Canadians, meaning you're not going to be getting authentic rendang here - for example. Which is really too bad, because authentic Malaysian food is incredible in both flavor & texture. Ironically, the Malaysian food in Hong Kong is far better than half of what we came across here. 

Overall, it could've been worse, and it was most definitely leaps & bounds better than ANY Indonesian restaurant in the lower mainland - all of which are absolutely horrifically terrible - but it was still incredibly disappointing for my husband, who was the one who ordered the offending menu items. We might return here, but will definitely avoid the menu items I mentioned that were seriously lacking, along with the rendang & *everything* served with peanut sauce. 

It would be nice if restaurants in the Lower Mainland would stop dumbing down the incredible variety of international foods we have available here. Having owned a restaurant in Indonesia myself which I ensured had many many local village foods on the menu, I know that if you make & serve the food as it should be, people WILL love it. They also become far more educated in regards to the cuisines of different countries."
"Ok after several visits to Banana Leaf I am upgrading it to a 5 star.  The Roti Canai is still awesome.  However everything here I mean everything here hits it out of the park. 
The Laksa
The Seafood curry
The Rendang
The lettuce wraps.  

Can not wait me to get some more."
"Finally a meal that delivers what it advertises - fresh, Malaysian, great spices and diverse influences.  I was beginning to wonder after a few sub-par meals over the past few weeks if I was doomed to bad food and service and need to stay at home more.  

Great tasting menu for $28. I was stuffed after eating the Deep Fried Banana Fritters with Vanilla Ice Cream (Pisang Goreng) topped with Gula Melaka sauce.  The appetizers included chicken satays, mussels in a coconut cream sauce, roti canai and calamari.  The salad course was a Papaya & Pinapple Green Salad with Crushed Peanut.  The mains included Alaskan Rock Cod with Carmalized Ginger Sauce and the Rendang Beef Curry.  All tasty and well prepared.

Good flavours, good portions, good friendly efficient service.  Left very full and satisfied."
Cozy, small, comfortable. Attentive staff. Lychee mojito had great flavors.  Satay appetizers were delicious and the sauce was great.  The scallop curry was kinda one-dimensional - overpowered by tomato, no complexity or subtlety in the flavor. But overall a good dining experience and good value.
"Nice space with a comfortable and relaxing ambiance that other restaurants should copy. Have the roti canai to start it's yummy and the young coconut served in husk is nice. The selection of dishes I've had is limited but the seafood soup is nice and... oh never mind just order 5 rotis :)

The only complaint I have is the parking since the West End is a nightmare."
Came here for lunch - the food was amazing, the service quick and friendly and the wine selection was great. I had the roti/beef curry lunch special. Can't wait to return.
This is a great place no matter what you are looking for; dinner, lunch or take out, I have tried it all and never got disappointed!
Easily five stars. The service and food were both excellent. Highly recommend the 7-course lunch and Malaysian brunch options. Extraordinary flavors.
I really don't know why this place gets the reviews it does.  Sure it was tasty, but it was no better than the cheap MSG-doused Chinese places I used order from back in northcountry new york - and about 4 times the price.  I really expected more, and probably should not have used yelp reviews to guide my parent's entry into asian cuisine.  Maybe dining in is a different experience, but for take-out it gets about a C+ in my book.
"Surprisingly good. I was afraid that food from my part of the world would disappoint but it didn't. 

We had sambal vegetables, sambal prawns and pineapple fried rice. Obviously it was the sambal I was craving, but in the end it was the fried rice that was our favourite, so light and fluffy and chock-full of ingredients. The sambal is a little too sweet for my liking, but it was still authentic and tasty for sure.

Lovely for a special date night."
"This place is really good. I've been here a couple of times, and always enjoyed what I've ordered. However, be careful of the spiciness. The first time I ordered, my mouth was on fire for the night (and I'm a fan of spicy foods). The hot items are HOT! (or maybe I'm just a wimp). 

Regardless, this places is reasonably priced, the food is good, and it's at a great location downtown! If you like Malaysian food, this place is a must!"
A favorite in my neighborhood, eat in or take out you won't go wrong! Average pricing for great fare!  Service is good!
"One of the best restaurants in Vancouver (food wise).

Having just spent a couple weeks in Singapore on a foodie adventure I returned to Banana Leaf with a new perspective afterwards.  It held up quite well indeed.

They do an excellent job here of Roti Canai with curry sauce and Rendang Beef.  Other dishes are quite good as well but those would be the two I'd hi-light and suggest giving a go of."
"Came to the westend outlet of Banana leaf after over 2 years and the place still impressed us.

We went for the 33$ pp 9 course meal which has a salad, roti canai, chicken satay, mussels as openers followed by an entre quartet of sambal beans with shrimp, seafood curry, beef rendang and ginger sable fish, served with a side of turmeric rice. 
Dessert was fried banana and accompaniments but they kindly switched that out to mango sticky rice as that's my husband's favorite.

The food was consistently good and left us stuffed to the point of needing to be rolled out of the restaurant.

A small cozy restaurant, that understands the importance of attentive service that doesn't translate into hovering , muted but audible music was enough to lend to the ambience but not force loud conversation.

A very pleasant evening has put this place on our regular go to list! 

We will be back soon."
I wanted to give my friends a taste of the Malaysian peninsula, and this place's convenient location downtown facilitated that nicely.  The tasting menu for 2 is definitely off the chains - you get a little bit (more than enough) of everything, so you really do not have to choose what you want.  The tiger prawns were amazing - are those indigenous or are they imported?  The pisang goreng was more like bananas tempura, but you cannot hit a homerun on every pitch.
Really tasty food!  Very small restaurant but has an eccentric feel to the place. They make the best out of the small space they have. It reminded me of going to a lounge. My husband got the guava juice, which was tasty but a bit too sweet for me. I got the fresh young coconut juice, served in a coconut  which was a fun drink. Not only do you drink the juice, but you get to scoop out the soft tasty coconut which can be a bit messy, but I was inexperienced. The food was very good. The service at this location was better than the one on Broadway. Another difference between this location and the broadway one is the menu is a bit shorter.
Tried roti kanai and chicken curry.. The food was good and not very pricey for the location . Good choice for a quick Malaysian fix
Went there on Saturday night, had the 9 course tasting menu - superb! Everything was delicious.  Service was great!  Will go back and recommend to friends.
"Advertises itself as the ""best Malaysian cuisine"" but what other Malaysian restaurants are there here in town? Having said that it is an awesome place. 

Great low lighting inside and Malaysian art on the walls. Staff is fun and friendly. Has Asian beers, too. Try the Nasi Goreng (fried rice) or Mee Goreng (fried egg noodle)  for sure. 

Oh, yeah, order the fried banana and ice cream (which is not on the menu) for dessert."
"Great Asian food spot in the west end of Vancouver!

Would eat there again and again!"
"I was raised in Singapore so trying new Malaysian food always hits me in the feels. At this spot, i was beyond blown away, and I will definitely come back without a doubt. The place itself was a little smaller and intimate of a restaurant with a nice darker wood decor & feel. Since I'm not a local, i decided to try the 11 course tasting menu as it had a few dishes that I really wanted to have - Beef rendang & roti. All the succulent seafood was defintely a plus. This really knocked my socks off so hard that I'm going to go into detail about each dish.

guava sangria - delicious but the guava was a tad overpowering
Pineapple seafood fried rice - A little sweet & ""pineappley"" overpowering the dish, but if you're a avid fan of pineapples, you'll love it

11 course tasting menu:
Mango Kerabu - Excellent young mango salad. Perfect balance of fish sauce & deep fried shallots to round out the dish

Malaysian Roti Canal - Perfectly crisp paired with an excellent curry dipping sauce

Chicken Satay Skewer - Very well grilled with the meat staying moist, the flavor was great but a little mild

Cumin Mussels - Amazing mussles swimming in a light green curry-coconut milk type broth. I was literally drinking the leftover broth like soup

Assam Curry Scallops - Delicious scallops that were tender swimming in a potent red curry like broth. I used this curry with my extra rice & it was excellent

Grilled Lemongrass Garlic Giant Prawns - I got the biggest prawn out of my group and it was a little overcooked, but I'm guessing it was to compensate for the size, everyone elses was perfectly done. I could tell the prawn itself was really fresh and the flavoring used was beyond amazing. Dont be afraid to lick/suck/however you want to sexually get the flavor from the shells into your mouth. its very worth.

Peppercorn garlic butter lobster tails - This lobster was by far one of the most juicy and flavorful lobster i've had to date. It was SUPER fresh and cooked for the perfect duration. its served still on the shell and its been battered & deep fried as a whole. Personally, the batter was a bit thick and it took away from the freshness of the lobster, but it was overall still a great dish

Carmelized Giner Sablefish - BEST ITEM ON THE TASTING MENU. If I can order this on the menu seperately, i would do it without a doubt next time. The fish was deep fried in a light batter, and topped with liquid crack. It was so perfectly balanced & I dont think this can be done any better, only if the pieces served were bigger.

Beef Rendang - Solid beef rendang. Nothing negative to say about it, and served with rice wrapped in a banana leaf. The rice took on a little additional flavor from the banana leaf and the beef was perfectly tender

Sambal Okra, green bean & eggplants - Well done dish with no complaints. The sambal was not overpowering and the okra was very fresh


Pisang Goreng - Reminds me of the fried plantains in brazilian BBQ resturants. Bananas deep fried in a light batter served with ice cream and topped with peanuts. The only negative part of the whole meal is the vanilla ice cream tasting a little cheap.

By far the best Malaysian dish I've ever had and I will without a doubt be back. If anything, this is going to be my #1 date spot of choice to take a girl on a nice dinner if I'm back in town again!"
My favourite Asian restaurant in Vancouver. You can't go wrong with their menu. So flavourful and delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant. I tried so many things there but what i would recommend to have a good idea about their food is to try their tasting menu soooo delicious.
Flavors extraordinaire! I wish I had more time and ability to try everything! Great portions, great service, fantastic foods! I will be back!
"How do you rate a place with a crazy directionless wait, a couple yummy dishes, and then a flop of a dish?

To start, we get to the door and are completely confused about what to do.  People just look at you as you ask about a host/ess.  Finally someone might take pity on you and tell you to put your name up on the chalkboard behind you, but not necessarily on which side.  Eventually some people will leave and the hostess will come by and look at the list.  We got there around 8 and didn't get seated until 30 minutes or more later.  Which isn't bad, but you don't really have a clear idea and no one is very helpful.

We ordered the Papaya & Pineapple Salad and Chicken/Lamb Satays.  These dishes were tasty and had us looking forward to our main course--Rendang Beef.  Luckily we asked for Coconut rice, because it helped drown out the crazy spice level of the beef.  I'm ok with some level of spice, but this was too hot to enjoy the flavors.  On top of this, the beef was not as tender as it should have been for being in a stew-like dish.

The service was friendly once we were seated, and the atmosphere is interesting (although people staring at you from the waiting area is a little unnerving) . . . but I don't know if I would go back."
"As an out-of-towner here with locals, I must say that we all enjoyed this food immensely. We got there at 6ish and didn't have to wait long for a table, but it's a small place and I imagine there's usually a wait. For what it's worth, we were still chatting after we paid the bill and the waitstaff gently pressured us to leave, which I thought was fair, given the size of the restaurant.

We ordered the tiger prawns in sambal sauce, a flat-rice-noodle dish
the fried spicy calamari appetizer, and green beans. I can't vouch for any meat dishes, because we ordered fish and veggies, and all of that was good.

The location is on a fantastic strip of restaurants and bakeries near the beach, so that was nice too."
"Any restaurant that endures my two young sons at their crankiest deserves some praise.  The staff was friendly and professional throughout. 
I' m not a fan of curry, so I selected the lamb, one of the few curry-free dishes on the menu. Tasty, but not completely satisfying. I wanted the portion to be larger. Overall, a good experience."
This was not bad, but not great.   A fairly rubbery roti canai with a too thick coconut gravy came out first.  These aren't even in the same league as those  at Bo Laksa King (best) in East Van or Tamarind Hill (next best)  in North Van.  I actually sent the first order back.  Next up was a petty average Char Kway Teow.  The squid was not as fresh as it could have been, and the base note of garlic fried in lard, so prevalent in the hawker stalls in Malaysia and Singapore, was totally missing.  Not enough sweet dark soy for my taste either.  It was all kind of...  bland.   That is until I asked for some sambal to flavor it up.  What came was a truly brilliant sambal, homemade and redolent of fermented shrimp and chili.  This cup of goodness saved the day!  Not on the menu, but ask for it.  I really got the sense that this was average for Malaysian food.  For my money, Bo Laksa King or Tamarind Hill are much more authentic and flavorful.  This does make a good alternative to the donair and pizza by the slice places in the neighborhood though.  Even an average Char Kway Teow is better than none!
"I love this place! I always come here whenever I'm in Vancouver (: they also have multiple location. 

The food here are delicious! (I uploaded some of the items we ordered) 

Tips: This particular one seems to be always busy since it's near by the beach, def make a reservation if you want a guaranteed seat, but there's a nearby location anyways incase the wait is long."
"While traveling through the Pacific Northwest, we stayed in Vancouver's West End. There were so many dining choices along Denman street and we chose this place based on Yelp reviews. It was fantastic! We arrived for an earlier dining time and were seated promptly. By the end of our dinner, the place was full.

Everything we ate was delicious, but I cannot remember exactly what I ate because it was over a week ago. When we come back to Vancouver we will certainly come here again."
"Wow - I love this place! The food quality is high, and very delicious. They have a wide variety of spicy and mild food options, as well as vegetarian or meat lovers! I had the lettuce wraps and they were AMAZING!!! The service was quick and friendly, the decor was beautiful, and the overall atmosphere was great. I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu!

Pricing was very fair for the quality of food - I would probably even pay a little more! It was honestly a party in my mouth!"
"Good lord, just go now!

I am a freak about Asian cuisine.  I eat it most of the time.  And this is some of the best I've had.  Ever.

I just got home and it was a wondrous occasion.  I also was able to try a lot because I was part of a group of 8.

Firstly, I have to just mention logistics: most places put drinks on the back of their menu, but they always ask you for drinks first.  This place doesn't make that silly error: they start you with drinks, then appetisers, then mains.

OK, now that I've gotten that out of the way... the ambiance in the place is quaint, but elegant.  Like a really nice Thai restaurant.  It was also notable that they had a curtain for our party to shield us from the light of the kitchen.  We got there at 17:15 with no reservations and they were able to seat us no problem.  The place filled up by 18:00, though; we got in at the nick of time.

I wasn't really all that hungry, but that didn't stop me from sampling the delicious fare surrounding me.  Being seated next to the kitchen was actually nice because of the great smells coming out of the place.

So, what did we have?

Best Singapore Sling I've had; usually they're too sweet or imbalanced in certain ways (too much grenadine, too much gin, etc. etc.)  This was fantastic.  The calamari appetiser wasn't chewy: it had a great batter on it (not too much) and a gorgeous dipping sauce that was sweet and slightly spicy.  The fried tofu appetiser was quick-fried, firm on the outside while soft on the inside.  The flavours of all the sauces and the vegetables were yummy.  The green beans were more than just green beans and sambal (paste made of chilis and dried shrimp and salty-sweet-spicy awesomeness), it included okra and eggplant as well.

My friend ordered the best hot and sour soup ever as well. Seriously.  It was vegetarian, to boot.  Slightly spicy, lots of black vinegar, and the mushrooms in it were rockin.  The papaya salad was also very tasty and tangy with sweet overtones from the ripe papaya.  The skewers were soft and charred very nicely; the peanut sauce dip was good but not amazing.  It was still a nice complement to the yummy meat-on-sticks (both the lamb and chicken were quite good).

For the mains, the garlic shrimp and the shrimp sambal were a great helping of very large prawns.  I was a big fan of the sambal at this place.  I had the Char Kway Tiao was smoky, salty, sweet with a lot of different seafood (shrimp, calamari) in a kecap manis-laded rice noodle and a bit of fried egg in there.  Think pad see-ew only way better.  My wife had the pasta which consisted of a spaghetti-like noodle with a lot of clams, mussels, shrimp, calamari.  The galangal and lemongrass helped the coconut milk, but didn't overpower anything.  It could have been spicier, but we didn't order it that way.

The service was prompt, not over powering, but not lacking.  Just right.  They split up our cheque and it was very easy.

Totally.  Frickin'. Awesome.   I am looking forward to my leftovers SO much."
"Prolly 4.5 stars -- will explain why the 1/2 star deduction.

Came here for dinner Friday night with my cousin and a few of her friends. What was to be a group of 8 dwindled to a group of 4, then expanded to a group of 6. Despite that, the waitresses were really nice about letting us keep our extra table that we technically didn't need until the end of the meal when the last 2 arrived.

There's a 7 course tasting menu for 2 for $25. We ordered that and supplemented it with a few other dishes like the bean sprouts salad, mussels, roti canai, fried rice, and the black rice pudding. 

What came with the tasting menu was:
1) Papaya & Pineapple Salad 
2) and 3) Roti Canai & Vegetable Spring Rolls; Chicken Satay: quite tasty, especially the roti canai. The roti was a nice crisp and had an airy texture to it.
4) Sambal Green Bean, Eggplant & Tomato: the green beans had a good al dente feel to them and the accompanying sauce was delicious! 
5) Abundance of Seafood in Gulai Sauce -- DELICIOUS!!! The okra in the dish was fantastic, the sauce was YUMMY!!! 
6) Rendang Beef: mmmm, the curry and coconut milk worked well with the beef which was tender. 
7) Pisang Goreng  (fried banana): delicious. just eat it, no questions.

And the additional dishes we ordered to supplement:
1) Gado-Gado (Cooked bean sprouts tofu salad with potato & cucumber, topped with egg & satay sauce): FANTASTIC!!! This was the first time I had this dish, and hopefully not the last! 
2) Steamed Mussels in Cumin & Ginger Sauce with Coconut Milk; mussels you can't go wrong with, but this sauce was delicious. I think I might have scooped up a few spoonfuls and splurped it down.
3) Roti canai: yes, we ordered another roti canai. That's how much we loved it.
4) Nasi Goreng: Malaysian fried rice. Just simply delicious.
5) Pulut Hitam (black sticky rice) and here's where they lost the 1/2 star. It was fine but the black rice was a bit too glutinous and chewy to me. At that point, the fried banana and accompanying vanilla ice cream captured my attention. 

All of that and 3 bottles of wine for less than $60 each, including tip."
"malay-yay

Since moving here, I've been to the one on Broadway, Robson and Davie.  That's a lot of Banana Leaf to go around. I hear Tropika is better.  It's on my list - the list I'm eating my way through. Bite, by bite...

The dressing on the papaya salad of the Appetizer Sampler For 2  ($18) was really good. I could have done without the spring rolls though. I doubt I'd get the sample platter again. It wasn't the best value, especially since one bite of roti canai is better than full portions of the rest.

Malaysian Curry Laksa $13: I prefer this over the Singapore one because of the egg noodles. Just wish it was spicier.

Nasi Goreng $13: The predominant flavour is ketchup...so I wasn't a huge fan. I've had better nasi goreng and mee goreng elsewhere. Banana Leaf is good value for good food, and best of all, it's consistent.

My absolute favourite thing on their long menu is roti canai. I want to eat this ALL the time: Buttery, flaky roti - soft with crisp tops and liquid curry goodness with a bit of heat. Heaven."
"No doubt the food's good here, just prefer the newer one on Robson or the classic one in Kits Broadway, more spacious.

Not much of an adventurous type as I go for the Mee Goreng, the tomato-y sauce is yummy & quite the big portion, enough for 2 servings.  Also recommend the chicken satays too. i'm sure the beef ones are good too, just a health decision haha.

This denman's smaller & older & a bit of a snoot when it comes to restos by an alley but it's great for pickups.  Just call ahead to make sure food's ready before parking enforcement arrives.

Can be tough to find parking on weekends.

Good date material."
"We used Yelp to help us find Banana Leaf.  We went the the Denman Street location.  The storefront was unassuming.  The food was excellent.  My wife and I shared the Salmon cooked in Banana Leaf - great fusion dish with the fatty Salmon pairing well with a well flavored chili sauce.  We also had the 10 Vegetables with 10 Spices - this dish paired very well with the Salmon.

We had the Mango salad - a forgetful experience in an otherwise great meal.

The flan dessert that came with the lunch combo was excellent."
I am not a seafood fan, but damn. The mussels served at this location are absolutely amazing. Could do with a different bread choice - garlic bread is a bit awkward?! Roti is a must as well. Great drink selection, friendly staff, fairly quick and hot to order. Decor is a little outdated, but certainly compliments the business. Two thumbs up!
I was hoping for this to be my vancouver food highlight but perhaps my expectations were too high. We tried the beef rendang and the laksa.They were both good, but nothing spectacular. I've had better malaysian in other places.
So glad I listened to what my fellow yelpers had to say. This was a fantastic meal that I am not going to forget any time soon. We ordered the nine course tasting menu for two and walked away talking about the great flavors and just the right amount of heat. Banana Leaf is a must in Vancouver!
"Ordered pick up today.  Probably a slow day (Tuesday) and chef may not be fully on the ball. Today was the 2 for 1 special for the pineapple fried rice. Rice was somewhat bland. 

Had the beef curry also. That was definitely great. One of the better ones in the area. 

I have tried three locations ( broadway, Robson and denmen) . I find the Robson location the best. 

Been to Malaysia a few times on business. Definitely quite authentic. Like how their waiters at this location wears the traditional Malay skirt (sarongs?). Kind of like the Scottish kilt."
Excellent good eats found here.  I always get the Singapore Laksa and Fresh Young Coconut drink, then I get everyone to order everything else on the menu so that I can pick through their plates and I get to eat everything I want.  I'm all about EPIC WINS for me ;-)
We had the rendang beef curry and the pineapple and seafood fried rice, and it was average at best.  We had high expectations, but found the food flavorless. Chili House or Tropika are better alternatives in my opinion.
"We came in right after the lunch rush, we chose the ""perfect lunch for two"" and sampled all sorts of deliciousness. We started we Rotai Canai, followed by Cod in ginger soy sauce, Sayer Lamak, and Renden beef. We like the beef the least, but the others were simply fantastic."
"We didn't have to wait long for a table even though it was packed. Interesting but typical Malaysian decor.

Food was quick, good and hot.

I have to rave about the Nasi Goreng - I couldn't eat enough of it. Was excellent. I would go back just for that one dish."
"好吃 印度甩饼超好啊。鸡腿咖喱饭也好吃，温哥华市内有很多家，推荐！

为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字为什么"
"In short: Amazingly flavourful food, aroma gets you hooked as soon as you walk in.

I was visiting the area and it's a short walk from my hotel.  Also it was one of the places mentioned by name in my frommers book, so I decided to have some dinner their with my friends.  As soon as you walk in the aroma is intoxicating, I couldn't put my finger on it but it's a subtle smell of something exotic.  The menu makes everything sound delicious and you know what, they are.  Started off with some fresh coconut juice, and for dinner had the nasi gurang and a beef curry.  It was totally delicious.  Nasi gurang had the right spice combination, and they give a pretty good portion size too.  All in all I was pretty pleased and so was my guests."
"This is Vancouver's answer to SF's Burma Superstar.  Set along a thoroughfare of ethnic eateries, much like BS on Clement St, this is a solid standout for Indonesian/Malaysian/Singaporean food.  Even though we were starving, we opted to wait 20-30 min for a table...in hopes of having their Singaporean Chili Crab.  When we were finally seated, the hostess was nice enough to give us a table where we could fit lil J in his carrier next to us.  Even though they did this and allowed us to prop our stroller in the waiting area of the entrance, Banana Leaf isn't too kid-let friendly.  With it's low lights and elegant setting, this isn't a place where you want to hear kids screaming.  Perhaps that's why they have the music turned up to a point where you can barely have a conversation without yelling.  I just love to listen to the loung-y sounds of Enigma pulsated through their stereo over dinner...not.  We almost applauded when something went wrong with their CD player and it started to skip all around the tracks.  I thought for sure they were just goin' to pull the plug on it.

Aside from the ambiance annoyance, I thought the food was good.  To a certain degree, like Burma Superstar in SF, the food to me is just a slightly more exotic variation of Chinese dishes.  Just add a little basil, lemongrass, or coconut, and viola!  You're cookin' Malaysian food.  We were a little disappointed that they didn't have the Singapore Chili crab that night, so we opted to have scallops in a Singapore Chili sauce.  While it wasn't quite the same as the crab dish, the scallops were good and not overcooked.  It was more of a sweet and sour type of dish than chili flavored, but it was still good.  We also ordered Sambal green beans, which was a mix of green beans with tomatoes, spices and some shrimp.  Obviously, shrimp wasn't the focus of that dish, as there was a mere 4 pieces that I counted in the dish.  The green beans however were tasty.  Banana Leaf did satisfy our hunger.  Get their early, as parking is just like SF Clement's street...difficult to find a spot."
We simply loved this restaurant!!!   The lychees mojitos were exquisite as well as our four plates that we shared!!!
Pretty good place with good variety of food. We are vegetarian and we had good options. Roti canai and 10 veg 10 spices are must try.. I am sure non-veg options are way better
"Place was pretty empty on a Monday during lunch, but the food was great and the service was very attentive. When we ordered our entree the server informed us the price ""had changed"" from the menu. Here we go, I thought, but instead it turned out it was half price due to being the monthly special. Great success!"
This place is wonderful! It is cozy and quiet, with excellen service and delicious food. My wife and I were in Vancouver for a week and ate at Banana Leaf three times. We're not foodies by any stretch, but we appreciate good food and good service, and this place fits the bill.
"I came into Banana Leaf after my bike ride around Stanley Park for brunch.

I've never tried Malaysian food so this place caught my eye. I ordered off their brunch menu:

Malay Brunch - Gulai Fish Fillet and a Red Racer IPA. Dang what a good combination. 

I absolutely fell in love with the different flavors and curry sauce of this dish! The fish fillet comes marinated with a curry sauce, a side of eggplant fries, roti, veggie curry and topped with an egg. If it wasn't for how full the beer made me, I totally would of finished the entire plate. I loved this dish! 

If you are in the mood to try a more ethnic cuisine for brunch, please try their Malay brunch! When I'm back in Vancouver, I'll definitely come here again."
I was craving for Malaysian after two days of all the good chinese food so i look up on yelp and found this place. Its a small cozy family owned restaurant. The owner's from Hongkong who is really nice. Food was average but well displayed. Oh well, maybe I'm so used to Banana Leaf in Milpitas and expected more from what's called Banana Leaf.
"I can't give it a 5 stars yet, the spicy mixed seafood main I had didn't blow me away.  It was tasty, but not out of this world or something I'd order again.
Everyone else's food that I saw looked yummy though :(

The service was very friendly and welcoming, made me feel much less guilty about coming in a little sweaty after a run.  (pretty sure I wasn't smelly at all though, I didn't want to be one of THOSE guys...  I smell like rainbows and vanilla when I sweat)

I would come back here, but probably bring a friend to share if I went for dinner (to try more than one thing and not get a full tummy)."
"Great place, good food, good people.

The service was exemplary last night. We were there for a birthday celebration, and the manager offered a staff parking spot to us. He also gave us a complimentary deep fried banana split. Overall it was a great experience."
In a short 5 day stay in Vancouver I ate here twice. The food was delicious, especially the beef curry. I hope to visit Vancouver again and enjoy another meal at banana leaf!
"My son chose where he wanted to go for his birthday and he chose Banana Leaf. We had been to the BL on Davie so this was our first time at BL Denman. 

We ordered the 8 course menu at $25 pp. Wow, every dish impressed us. From the the roti canal to the nyonya calamari; also from the mango chili prawn to rendang beef curry and much more we're all unique and amazing. The preparation of the food and the sauces were spot on. 

All four of us in our party said this meal was probably in our top five over the past while. The service was excellent as well. We highly recommend Banana Leaf on Denman for a flavourful and memorable experience."
"When i used to live near the Banana Leaf i would eat there weekly. It's a great place to grab take out, and at a 10% discount.. it's very reasonably priced for the amazing quality and flavors. 
It's a vegetarians paradise. A massive lunch with lots of options will put you back about $8 each. Tropical salad, Gado gado, Tofu goreng, Roti Canai, and there coffee are my tops for myself or for sharing. I actually don't ever order a entree. The appetizers are huge and great for sharing. 
Service is always excellent.. i think i may just have to make a trip there this week because i got myself all excited writing this!"
"It has taken me this long to gather my thoughts and write a review for this particular Banana Leaf. It was the first Banana Leaf I had ever set foot in when I first arrived in Vancouver. Since then, this place has had its ups and downs. 

I loved it at first, but then they took away essential menu items. You do not take Souvlaki off a Greek menu, the same way you do not take Nasi Lemak off a Malaysian menu. And this place did precisely that. 

I have been back a few times since their poor decision to redesign the menu for the worst. I realise they have added several other dishes to compensate for the loss of some other essential dishes. 

During my last visit, I ordered the Nasi Campur (literal translation: mixed rice). It is white rice with chicken satay, beef rendang, calamari, spring roll and a regular western salad. I have to say... that hit the spot! 

We had our eye on the lunch-for-two ($18/person) menu. I reckon we'd be back to really sink our teeth into what they have to offer!"
"This is a small restaurant with limited seating.  

The Nasi Goreng & the redang beaf was excellent! The portion size is good....  However, I didn't like the fresh young coconut drink."
I always have a fabulous experience at the Banana Leaf - from beginning to end my meal is always a delight !! Don't even get me started on the deep fried banana - I actually have dreams about the delectable dessert. I've become such a big fan of this place that I've taken to getting take out at least once or twice a month.  The servers are always pleasant and accommodating - don't miss out on all the deliciousness they have to offer whether you dine in or bring it home its always a ticket to yummytown  :)
Was disappointed with the dishes we ordered. We had ordered for take out and not dine in. None of the dishes really did justice to Malaysian cooking that I have had !
Great spot for Malaysian/Singaporean food! I'm a big fan of laksa soups, and I live in Toronto, where it's pretty hard to find that kind of cuisine so I was super happy when I saw this spot while I was in Vancouver! Soup tasted good and authentic. I had the hot ginger tea pot and that was AMAZING - one of the best tea I've had in a while! :)
"Vancouver, seriously has the best savory food doesn't it? 
Anyway, Banana leaf is one of my favorite places to dine. I love the coconut chicken curry and the fried rice in a pineapple boat. Those are my 2 favorite things on the menu. I've tried some other things on the menu, but these are the ones that really stand out. 

I like this location better than the other ones."
"Oh my yum! Banana Leaf was a perfect lunch spot for my first day in Vancouver this trip. 

The vegetarian and gluten free menu was fairly small, but had such good options that I didn't mind. I ordered the lunch special ($15 Canadian) of 10 Vegetables 10 Seasonings (gluten free + vegetarian). SO good. It was basically a coconut curry with veggies like pumpkin, mushrooms, okra, and more. I got mine just a tad spicy (you can ask for how hot you'd like it!) and it was perfect. A bit of heat to it but not too much for me (and I'm a bit wimpy when it comes to spice). 

Our server was so friendly and she refilled my water many times-- which I needed! Overall, it was a great experience and the food was amazing. I'd come back in a heartbeat!"
"Superior service, delicious food, great ambiance.  What pushed it to 5 stars is that they accommodated our party of 14 (5 adults + 9 kids) without hesitation.  They didn't make ya feel as if we were a burden with such a large group.
Above all, attention to detail and very service oriented."
First day in Vancouver and was trying to find vegan food. This place popped up in our search and it did not disappoint! I had the Assam curry and it was delicious! Very bold and intricate spice profile. Every bite was phenomenal. I wish I could have finished it all but it was quite a bit of food so if you have room for another notch on your belt to fill up, I definitely thinks it's worth gobbling down! Came back here on day 2 of my stay in Vancouver!
"Oh. My. God. Delicious. 4.5 stars.

I got the Kung Pow Boneless Chicken and a side of coconut rice. The only bad thing was it could have been a little spicier. I also had a glass of Raspberry Sangria--I wouldn't have called it Sangria (since it had Vodka), but it was still delicious. I really want to try the Lychee Margarita! (it's on special on Fridays)

My fiancé got the Abundance of Seafood in Gulai Sauce and a side of coconut rice, which looked and smelled amazing and they were quite generous with the seafood (alas, I can't eat Shellfish so I couldn't try any of it).

This would have been 5 stars but I thought it was rather cheap of them to not include the rice with the dishes: the dishes were significantly improved when eaten with the rice. It wasn't that big of an issue to shell out an extra $2.5/ea, but I feel like it could have been included."
"Checked out Banana Leaf on Denman on an impulse to try their Dine Out 2012 menu; I've lived in the West End for a decade and I'm a little ashamed to admit I'd never been there before.

The appies (satay chicken and murtabak with rendang beef) were a little underwhelming, but the mains we had (black cod in caramelized ginger and soy/assam curry tiger prawns and scallops) were amazing, the servers were friendly, and the wine pairings were decent. Highlight of the night was definitely the pisang goreng (deep fried banana) for 2.

I'll definitely be going back again!"
"Denman location is quite small compared to other locations of Banana Leaf, but we were heading to the Celebration of Light finale afterwards, so here we were. Reservations for 10 people were made the night before and they were able to graciously able to accommodate us. Half of the group arrived 10-15mins late but thankfully, we did not lose our seating, bonus star for allowing us to keep our table!

Kitchen was having an off night, the nasi goreng was the first order to be placed, but the second last one to arrive. Last to arrive was the laksa, we think the order got lost in the kitchen. They made up for it with a free mango peach sangria so all is well.

Several people in the group opted for the tasting menu and commented it was quite good, and the value was there. Another person ordered off menu, the hot and sour soup, because they only recently removed it from their offerings. It was very nice of them to accommodate her request, as it was her favourite soup and she orders it every single time she goes to a Banana Leaf. Vinegary and slightly spicy, just the way she likes it. Different variations of lettuce wraps made the rounds, and drinks as well.

I had the gulai seafood, the fragrant sauce tasted delicious and would have been fantastic over rice. Unfortunately the seafood was overcooked, scallops were rubbery and so were the prawns and squid :(. Mango peach sangria was a refreshing cocktail, otherwise nothing special about it.

The kitchen must have been quite behind because the Foodora(?) delivery person was impatiently waiting for his order. He was borderline stamping his foot like a 5yo having a tantrum... 

Overall the service was pretty good considering they comp'd a drink, accommodated the late arrival of our friends for the reservation, and made the off menu item, during their dinner rush. Food was hit or miss, depending on how the kitchen was doing. There are two bathrooms at the back of the restaurant, which may be one more then necessary for the size of this restaurant. I had chance of using the smaller of the two - sorry but I think my closet in Yaletown was bigger than that (but only by a margin!)"
"It's pretty average.
The PRICES are through the roof omg. 
15 or so bucks for beef rendang...I mean its about 7-9 pieces (small-medium) of beef.
Pinapple fried rice was blaah. It's served on a half pinapple. Something was off about it. I've had better at a cheaper price. 
Service was ok, never asked how the food was but was prompt with water and napkins. 
Appy sampler is a rip off too. 
The only thing bringing this review down is it's price...stupidly over priced.
If you're not about price, then this could work for you. 
I mean flavours are good, I guess you can consider this as a high end Malay resto. But definitely other places to choose from"
Absolutely amazing dining experience all around! Beautiful decor, wonderful customer service, incredible food, good wine and great pricing! We had the Plant Based Tasting Menu and each dish was off the hook! So delicious! Highest praises to the chefs! I can't wait to return to Vancouver to dine again here!
Didn't have to make a reservation. Open space with many tables for quick accommodations. Service was great. The server made great suggestions of drinks and preset dinners. We did the middle costing tasting menu. We were able to try many little tapas. The flavors were on point. My favorite were the drinks. All the drinks were very delicious. The presentation of all the dishes were super cute. Definitely recommend this place for drinks and small tapas.
I went to this location with my husband.  we were looking for a nice place to eat and walked into Banana Leaf.  The staff was really friendly.  We tried the previously set menu and we really enjoyed it.  it was a great experience.  We definitely recommend  this restaurant.
One of my favourites, I've been here many times and it's always great food and service. I'll be back!
No matter which of their locations you go to you can count on awesome food and gracious service. No other Malysian compares. My fave is the Rendang Beef Curry and the green beans.
Superior Malaysian food.  Chicken curry and seafood curry fabulous.  Will tone down or up spiciness as to guest request.  So glad we found this restaurant in Vancouver.
Best Malay/Singaporean style food around.  Nasi goreng was very tasty and beautifully presented.  Chicken satay was excellent especially since chicken was so tender.  Got to save room for the wonderful pisang goreng (fried banana) with vanilla ice cream.  One of, if not the best fried bananas I have ever had!  Polite staff and reasonably priced.
"I have mixed thoughts on this place. The service was great, and so was the appy I got, but I was a little disappointed in the main dish and the dessert. I also felt the prices were just a little too high.

To start it was Thursday night and highballs were on for $4, awesome!
I ordered the Satay Skewers. They were some of the best I've ever had. All the meat was tender fall off the stick! I got the assortment of lamb, beef, pork and chicken. All were great with the peanut dipping sauce.

Next I had the Kung Pow Chicken + a $$extra cost coconut rice side dish. This is where my disappointment began; I don't like paying extra for rice when the main is already $16. The dish was very bland, not a single bit of spice (could they have brought me the wrong dish I wondered) and it was in not a peanut or cashew sauce, but a sticky sugary sweet sauce. I didn't like it. 

Then came dessert which they were insistent I try, I got the deep fried banana thing and it was so BIG but very plain and not much flavor. It was the batter; I am used to Thai places that have a sweet vanilla batter and this was more like a fish and chip batter. It again was bland. 

So all in all not a bad place. Perhaps it was simply the dish I picked that left me to give it 3 stars; Kung Pow might not be their specialty."
This place have really good Singapore Lasa and Satay Skewers. Their food portion is big. The waiter provide really good service. Had a really good dinning experience here.
Chose Indonesian for my birthday dinner and my kids picked the Banana Leaf. I hadn't had it in years and they'd never tried it. It was great. I'm allergic to crustaceans (I know!) and after telling the waitress the manager came down and checked every dish we ordered. An excellent evening in all categories. Kids were really impressed and liked the extensive vegetarian menu.
Good food. Very rich. If you don't mind getting fat come here.
The Banana Leafs are my go to when I'm in Vancouver. I usually get Singapore street noodles but this time I went for the Malaysian brunch with curry beef. Holy crap was it good, paired with a shredded mango salad nothing could stop me for the rest of the day. pro tip- save the roti for the last of the meal and use it to sop up anything left in the platter.
"Worth the time and wait.  Really enjoyed this place on a recent rainy night.  Was packed when we first arrived so we went to a pub nearby and came back 45 min later and sat right away.

Way too much food, split the appetizer and even an entree. The Spicy Beef Panang was a bit bland but the seafood soup and entree rice dish (without the pineapple) was fabulous and really large.  Great atmosphere even though place is small.  Highly recommend."
"I have never tried Indonesian or Malaysian food before so I asked the waitress what she suggested for first timers to order.  She suggested that I order the lunch sized Rendang curry beef with vegetables so I did.  Although the meal may look initially small, it was a very filling and satisfying meal.  The beef was so tender and had the right amount of curry to it.  The veggies were pretty good and accompanied the Rendang  Beef oh so perfectly.  Our waitress was very kind and came at the right time on when we needed her.  I also appreciated that she gave my friend and I separate checks (or maybe this is common in Vancouver? Its very rare that checks are split in Seattle).  

Now I wish there were more Indonesian and Malaysian restaurants in Seattle.  Oh well, even more of an excuse to visit again soon."
"We visited Vancouver BC recently and our dinner one night at Banana Leaf on Denman was a highlight. 

Our server recommended we start with the Roti Canai, which was a good way to begin. The flaky roti picked up the generous serving of spiced curried sauce. I had to take another bite with my spoon when the roti was gone.

We knew we wanted to try Abundance of Seafood in Gulai Sauce, and asked for help for a complement to the dish. Our server recommended Sambal Green Bean. The two went together so well! The seafood dish is delicious, a bit creamy, sweet, curried. The green beans were fresh, still crisp (barely cooked), with slightly spicy chili and garlic sauce. I think the shallots on top were fried, so just a hint of crisp crunch but not greasy at all. So the two dishes were perfect together, the rich, dreamy seafood was the perfect foil for the crisp, flavorful green beans (I've never been so excited about green beans...)

Server was very knowledgeable, portions were perfect (not gigantic like so many American restaurants serve, but not too small, just right for the two of us), cocktails were interesting and refreshing (Lychee Mojito, Mai Tai with cranberry garnish).

We'll definitely go back again when we're visiting Vancouver."
This place is a bit on the small side, but with just two of us we got in pretty quick.  The waitress that served us was extraordinarily friendly and attentive.  We started with some chicken satay followed by the boneless chicken curry and the Singapore Laksa. It was ALL incredibly delicious! I highly recommend this place.
"Excellent food at a great price. Authentic taste that reminds me of Malaysia.  Had the laksa which was full of actions, shrimp, tofu and egg.  Cooked with angel hair style noodles and a spicy coconut base.  Also had the deep fried peppered oysters.  

Apparently they have won all sorts of awards and I can see why.  Both dishes excellent.  Phenomenal really. Definitely worth a stop."
I decided on lunch here, on a Thursday afternoon, not very busy, lovely interior. I was seated immediately by a very sweet hostess/server. I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and coconut rice, and a pot of lemon grass ginger tea. The food arrived promptly as well as my tea. The rice comes wrapped in a banana leaf, love that. The tea was lovely and smooth. The white cups were stained inside which didn't make for nice presentation, and fruit flies hovered over my food for the duration of my meal. The chicken is breaded then cooked in sauce just fyi. In any case the staff are very servicing and nice, but my meal cost me over $30.00 which I thought was a bit much. Not a bad experience but I'd suggest less frying more freshness.
Pretty darn delicious. Random find on Yelp while vacationing in Vancouver, and while I was hesitant to go initially, I am glad we stopped by. I haven't had much experience with Malaysian food, but this place was really good. My mother and I split the lunch tasting menu in order to sample a few different dishes without really committing, and it was a good choice. Even the Pisang Goreng for dessert was mouthwatering. My husband wasn't quite as impressed with his dish, but he kept picking off our plates and commenting on how good ours was. Extra points to the staff for noticing when he was trying to clean sauce off his shirt and bringing club soda and some napkins.
Good presentation but not a fan of taste here... the roti canai comes with sweet curry which kinda kills the taste. The mee goreng has very low flavor. The kopi is good and in-house made, but the tea is over flavored..
"Cool spot with a unique menu and great food.

Stopped for a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon and we were able to get seated right away. Very quiet and relaxed atmosphere.

The menu takes awhile to go through as they seem to have multiple ways of dining.

My bride went with the Budda Bowl ($15) and really enjoyed it - especially the eggplant fries, tofu and curry sauce. My son went with the Kung Pow Chicken ($18) and didn't leave any left on the plate! I went with the Boneless Chicken Curry ($13) and it was excellent.   Everyone commented about the freshness and quality of ingredients. 

Decent selections of beers. Fast and friendly service."
"What happens to a dream deferred? Ok, it's dramatic to compare my yearning for Malaysian food to a sociopolitical poem by Langston Hughes, I know, but sometimes I feel like I will never be satiated by anything but those hawker stalls in Malaysia. It's probably true, but I can still dream.

Service was fabulous. Our server was kind, knowledgeable and efficient. The roti canai dough was a tad on the sweeter side. It didn't have that ""lift"" that the bread has when it's fresh from being pan fried. Still palatable, but not great. Rendang had good flavors and I enjoyed the vegetable curry side. I was rather disappointed by the Malaysian laksa. Had very little flavor, no depth and too much coconut milk. Prawns in it were good. Noodles were too thick. The Char Kway Teow featured some rubbery squid but the overall stir fry had decent flavor. But it was still only average. Not reminiscent of what I'd been anticipating. 

The lunch specials here seem to be a good deal -- appropriately portioned, served with rice and a side for a reasonable price. I'd probably go back again to try the mee goreng and chili crab. I'll just have to keep my dreams in check."
"Great food!!!! Cant believe that this place is inside a food court. Noodle is the perfect chewiness and dare I say???? better than Janty Noodle!!!!! Sate ayam is also tasty and not dry. The bakwan is lacking a bit of flavor and the cendol is also bland... the rendang is very soft and tasty And the ayam bali is also very good. 

The lady behind the counter is very friendly and nice. Glad i give this place a try !!!!!"
Taste like home! Been craving for indonesian food and found this place from yelp. Right away went to this place and bought 2 appetizers, and 2 entrees. Wanted to buy more, but cant carry them. Luckiky, this place is only 15min walk from my office.Friendly service too! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
"Never tried Indonesian food before, but this was a good experience! As others have mentioned, the lady working here is VERY friendly and guided me through what was good to get!

The rendang (beef) was a bit salty but had a nice sweet coconuttyness to it! Tempeh Orek was...different. It's like eating really pasty, firm tofu. Definitely will try the noodles next time! For 8.66 and all of that food, it's of great value!"
Hit the spot for me and lived up to the hype.  Cheap and delicious.  I love it when I get to taste new flavors for the first time.  Can't believe this is in a food court.  I don't think I've ever had flavors like this in a food court.
Free parking in the shopping center, as the shop is part of the mall. Got the rendang and Mie bakso. Rendang was decent for the area. The Mie bakso was fantastic! Only thing is we waited about 45 min for our food, which is why I'm taking off a star.
I ordered coconut rice with 2 entrees (corn fritters and Balinese chicken) with peanut sauce on the side. Although the corn fritters were fried, I didn't feel guilty after eating them! The Balinese chicken had the perfect amount of spice to it. I don't know the customary method of eating peanut sauce, but it paired exceptionally with the coconut rice and fritters. Besides the food, the woman who works there patiently assisted me with my card problems, checked whether or not I had enough rice on my plate, and offered me extra peanut sauce.
"So delicious.  Excellent value.  Uber friendly service. 

This joint is in a food court but don't be discouraged.  Rendang Curry as other have noted is a must get.  The nice lady behind this operation is a pleasure to talk to.  Highly recommended going half Noodle half rice."
It's not easy finding good Indonesian food, let alone Indonesian cuisine so I was pleasantly surprised when I came across this in the International Village food court. It's a good fit as most of the other vendors are Asian. I wanted to try everything but settled on the rendang and Bali ayam while my partner ordered the eggplant belacan and other spicy chicken dish. Both entrées were served over nasi kuning rice. All was good but for me, the stand out was the eggplant belacan. Rendang was delicious. Will definitely return.
"I generally only rate non-food court restaurants a full 5 stars, so the max rating a food court restaurant could get would be 4 stars.

Because Linda is everything everyone says she is, one would argue her presence would merit an extra star just because.  However, her warm welcomes, great suggestions, and even her allowing my husband to sample one of the dishes doesn't overcome the limitations of food court food, which is pre-cooked and sitting out under heat lamps, which also really does not usually keep the food hot enough.

[Note: I differentiate between hot which is temperature (e.g., hot out of the oven), spicy which, to me, means full of spices (as opposed to bland or not well seasoned) and spicy hot which means heat via some sort of pepper(s). I do use the term hot, however, if I've already mentioned a dish is spicy hot]

I got the famous beef rendang.  The flavor was good, but it seemed heated up, and the savoriness of the usual spices seemed rather muted.  It was not spicy hot, though, which I really appreciated, not liking spicy hot food.  (I know, go figure.)  I also got the kale and tofu, which was good, but not great.  Linda suggested this be served over the coconut rice, which in an of itself was delicious.  Loved that and could eat it plain!

Hubby got a spicy hot chicken dish as well as a spicy hot fish dish which was cooked for him. Served over the same coconut rice, he loved both dishes.  (Trust me, I would have sampled some of both, but they were too hot.)

We shared some satay.  Now I absolutely know it's wrong to compare my satay which I don't make in the traditional manner (I actually coat the meat with the peanut sauce vs. serve the peanut sauce separately), but both hubby and I like mine better.  Still, the meat does have good flavor, the peanut sauce is tasty, and the shallots are also quite a nice addition.

We also got the bakwan jagung (veggie fritters), which I absolutely loved, but hubby thought were just okay.

Americans beware!!!  Your debit card DOES NOT WORK HERE!!!  So make sure you have your Canadian dollars in hand!

We didn't know that, so hubby had to go to the cash machine downstairs.  
So, while he was down and only shortly before came up, Linda got our food ready.  So not that hot because of the heat lamps already became lukewarm.  We did not wait for our bakwan jagung, yet they and their accompanying peanut sauce, were lukewarm.

Prices are incredible.  For about the price of fast food, you can get some decent, tasty food."
The chicken satay is fantastic! Corn fritters were ok but by far this is the best option in this food court should you have to eat here.
What a little gem this place is! And Aunty is so friendly and hospitable. Their chicken noodle is special is to die for, though everything on the menu is a hit. Definitely recommend.
This place is a treasure to stumble upon, they have many dishes I wasn't sure what to expect never having Indonesian food before. The lady working was very friendly was helpful, I said I was interested in the corn fritters and vegetarian. I liked the Asian greens too, she offered to make some fresh with mushrooms. All of it was served over coconut yellow rice. Everything was so delicious! I look forward to going again and trying the Kale and Tofu or Tempeh dish.
"If you're looking for an authentic Indonesian food, this is the place!!
To be honest, I've been looking for Indonesian food in Vancouver that actually tastes like home and I think I found it.
Even it's only operated by a couple, they can actually serve one of the best food in Vancouver.
I ordered the caramelized beef curry, fried egg in balado sauce and corn and veggie fritters with saffron coconut rice
Best decision ever!!!!!!"
"At first not that impressive looking a place.  But realize the context you're in.  In the food court of the ""weirdest mall in Vancouver"", equidistant from the DTES and Gastown, is a stall that serves the best rendang I've found on the east side.  The boss is quite possibly the world's best lunch-lady, calling everybody by ""dear"" and seems interested in feeding you good food.  I've been here about 5 times in the last month (I work across the street) and tried many things including their special wonton pork noodle to green curry on saffron rice.  This place is worth a trip to the mall alone, and you won't spend more than $8."
"If you're looking for authentic Indonesian food, this is it. Rendang (beef) is to die for, tender and yummy. 
Another dish you need to try is their Mi (mee) ayam, tempeh orek and tahu (tofu) with Kale Indonesian curry. 
Reasonably-priced too. 
And if you like them hot and spicy, make sure to put on some Sambal terasi
I'm glad they moved to International Village, parking is way easier than harbour centre :)"
"If you are looking for authentic home style Indonesian food, Bali Thai is the real deal!

This mom and pop food stall not only serves up affordable tasty lunch, but also does catering. My favourite is their grilled eggplant, but their tempeh is also pretty awesome. Lots of vegetarian options. 

Their menu is a little different from their last place, and now they seem to have limited rice and noodle options. Having said that, they've only been at International Village Mall Food Court for three weeks, so maybe they are still building their clientele and tweaking their menu. 

A colleague who was from Jakarta commented that they're pretty liberal with using MSG. I'm not sure about that, but maybe that's why they taste authentic to me. Anyhoo, I'm glad they're back in business. If only they're not just a tad too far from my workplace!"
The veggie fritters was really good. You wouldn't think by looking at this place, however, it was really good combination of spices that was in the batter. I just had the fritters on the side to go on the way home. It was slightly off menu but they were kind enough to work with me on this which was appreciated. Super cheap and good customer service.
"I am yet to find a better rendang in town. Closest thing than flying back to Asia to try this dish. It is divine. 

Just enough spice and the meat is cooked till it melts in your mouth. Can't wait to come back again."
Very authentic and good Indonesian food. Their chilli sauce is super tasty. The lady at front is very friendly. Highly recommend!
Very nice and friendly staff. Love the coconut rice and eggplant dish. Delish!!!  Great price!
"The service here is very good. Apparently this is one of the only places you can get Indonesian food around here. Cash only.

We shared a 2-dish combo plate. The lady who served us suggested we get half rice half noodles. We tried the coconut saffron rice, which was pretty tasty underneath the dishes we chose. The noodles were so-so.

For the 2 toppings we got:
Beef rendang. This was all right. Beef brisket pieces in a sweet non-spicy curry-like sauce.
Chicken green curry. This was tasty. A bit spicy for those who don't eat spicy. A unique sauce compared to typical yellow curries.

I might come back to try their made-to-order noodle dishes. I find the food court area a little chilly in general but the location is so easy to access, plus there's a movie theatre one floor up, so it's pretty convenient."
Grilled fish is amazing and tender, along with the veggies and mushrooms. Cooked to perfection, great prices and friendly service. Fast and made fresh.
I can't believe this place is in a mall food court, except for all the best Indo places I've been too have been food stands and stalls. Having lived in Singapore and moved back to North America, I gave up on finding real Indonesian food. I tried this place on a whim and I'll be back as often as I can! The kuay tiaw was perfectly done, just the right amount of sauce. The coconut rice was fragrant without being overpowering. The beef rendang was so soft. And the lemongrass chicken - absolute heaven. If you have never tried Indonesian, this is the place to start. Plus, a filling two course meal for under $10 - unbeatable. Terima kasih!
Wow I will be picking up from here a lot. After my first day of work, I decided to walk around the area and explore my cheap dinner options with some help from my good old friend Yelp. Well, I'm very glad you guys noticed this place and reviewed it or else I would have never found it! The beef randang is soooo good! Liked the green curry chicken also. This is my first Vancouver Indonesian experience and boy was it a great one! I have been to Indonesia several times (family there) and have eaten it all over the world from Amsterdam to NYC and as usual, the tiny place in the random location gets 5 stars!
"Great food with awesome service! The lady was very sweet she gave me quite a few samplings with rice (yes, with rice!) before I decided what I want. Everything is good there I wish I have 5 stomachs. Doesn't happened often in an Asian food court. Ask for sampling!

PS someone mentioned this place didn't take card but they actually do"
Beef and corn fritters are the best! I am so addicted to it. I took out a fried rice home after my meal, it was also delicious!! Forgot to take a picture@@
"At about 7pm on a Tuesday evening, after having exhausted several different restaurants in the nearby area, I yelped in desperation to find something cheap and tasty to eat. Enter Bali Thai!

At first, we had difficulty locating the restaurant, only to realize that it was in the Tinseltown food court! So yes, they serve their food on red trays and styrofoam plates. But don't be fooled! This is not your stereotypical food court meal!

I ordered their noodle dish which came with wonton soup and bae ordered several of their curries. My noodle dish consisted of egg noodles, giant mushrooms, and bok choy. I felt that it tasted like a Chinese dish but then again, I have not tried too much Indonesian food in my life, so perhaps that is what it was supposed to taste like. Bae's curries, on the other hand, were fragrant to the point of almost being floral. Paired with coconut rice, it was a taste that I had never experienced in curry before but one that I assuredly enjoyed.

Our server (owner?) was also remarkably friendly, making suggestions for us and offering to let us sample some of the dishes before we ordered.

Each of our entrees were $7. Enough said."
I've been here 3 times and the food never disappoints me. I highly recommend the mee goreng (fried noodles) Everything here tastes fresh and homemade. The people who work at Bali Thai genuinely care about the quality of the food that they serve. Customer service was good too.
"Pretty solid Indonesian food with real sambal cobek. They even have Teh Sosro, which is just a bottled sweet tea but if you come from Indonesia, you'll know how a sip of this brings you home. 

I ordered their satay and I guess it's the closest to the peanut sauce from Indonesia. They also have mie ayam, which is chicken noodle, and from the look of it, it's exactly the same like what you will get from the street food in Java."
Decent for food fair food.   The owner is a good sales person and very convincing.  She says their beef rendang is world famous.  It wasn't bad.   We also had the mee goreng and it was ok.   It had chicken , seafood, and some Vietnamese beef ball which was weird.   Portion was big on the mee goreng but not so large for the beef rendang.
Good food. We ate yellow rice, rendang, satay and noodles. Everything was very good! the owners are very nice and friendly.
"Had the curry chicken and rendang. Both were tasty and hit the spot. 

The staff was quite friendly and explained the different dishes to you. 

Saffron rice is a nice touch"
Superb!!!! I love their beef rendang, bali chicken, corn fritters with peanut sauce. I always eat here before i watch a movie. And very friendly owner....love it
"Since the original Bali Thai was kicked out of the Harbour Centre food court when it was redeveloped, I have suffered an eternal yearning for eggplant sambal, beef rendang and coconut rice.

At a recent trip to the movies I suddenly noticed Bali Thai had moved in to International Village - officially the Strangest Mall In Town. One quick lunchtime trip later and I can confirm that it is as good as ever, and the owner is as charming and friendly as ever. The only snag is, they don't get the traffic they deserve.

So I'll be making the trip to International Village on a regular basis now. Look out for me striding down Pender between noon and one. And why not join me? Your tastebuds will love you forever."
Best Indonesian food in Vancouver (saying this as a native Indonesian). My favourite dish here is the mie ayam (chicken noodle) followed by rendang and nasi goreng. Don't forget to try corn fritters with teh botol (indonesian ice tea pack). Only feedback is that the menu is not easily understandable if you are not indonesian and they also go on holidays or closed at times when there are special events they cater to. Sadly they don't have strong social media presence so there is no announcement
"I absolutely love this place. I almost always order the Indonesian bak mee because, noodles. On the off chance I don't succumb to my noodle cravings, I go for the beef rendang and veggie fritters with coconut rice, which also never disappoints. 

I never expect much in terms of service from hole-in-the-wall places - I've grown to associate delicious cheap eats with having to endure a mild-to-medium level of emotional abuse. So, imagine my surprise when the folks who run the shop are some of the most delightful people you will ever meet! 

P.S. This place does spicy, like southeast Asian levels of spicy, so be careful with that homemade chili sauce."
Made to order authentic Indonesian food , hidden gem at the food court! Very friendly lady
Balinese food is hard to find in vancouver till now! My friend told me about this place and I have happy I came. The menu isn't vast but I've always enjoyed quality over quantity. I had the double cooked eggplant and the beef rendang on coconut rice! Amazing. And top of the good food, the lady in the front is super sweet and generous. If you are in the neighborhood, don't be shy to swing by!
This is nice little place in the food court of the international village near Chinatown. If you want to have delicious and authentic Indonesian food without the crowd, please come here. I had Laksa this time. It's full of flavour, lemongrass and shrimp paste etc.. The owner lady is nice.
Two words: Beef Rendang! Want home style, incredibly flavorful, melt in your mouth Beef Rendang? Look no further. Don't be put off by it being in a food court at all, this place is a gem!
"This Indonesian food stall has good quality of food at a cheap and reasonable price at the food court in Tinseltown.  The owner or server was very friendly.  She introduced all the food that she had at the counter to all her customers.  She was very patient and listened to the customers.  

The flavour of the Indonesian food was very authentic and delicious.  I couldn't believe I could find this good Indonesian food stall in this neighbourhood.  The parking lot offers two hour free parking at Tinseltown.  That is awesome!! There is a lot of seating area in the food court as well.  You can pick any seats that you want."
Beef rendang was tasty but salty and oily in taste and dry inside.  portion was less than as seen from other reviews.
"I'm almost embarrassed to give a 4 star to a food court lol but for value, taste and Linda's friendliness and patience, it's warranted.  

Couldn't make up my mind between rendang beef so went with the amyo Bali chicken, a sweet and a bit of a kick.   Some veggies and opted for notice, gotta watch those carbs and waist line.  

For $10, you get a size enough for leftovers.  

Cash only.  

Worth coming back because she's truly Indonesian."
Good authentic Indonesian food. I frequent this place when I crave some good homey Indonesian food. I am Indonesian and can definitely say that the food is good. The place can use a better cutlery and food court location is not the most glamorous but food is absolutely good
"One of the few authentic and tasty Indonesian places in Vancouver. I was glad to find out that they reopened in International Village after disappearing from the Harbour Centre food court last year. They serve a variety of regional meat and vegetarian dishes over rice. It must be one of the only fast food places in town where you can get tempeh...

4 stars instead of five because it's still a food court stall, the food is not fancy or made to order. However I would still recommend it if that is what you are looking for."
"I love the bakmie with bakso (chicken noodle with beef balls), I will add extra kecap manis (sweet soy sauce) and a bit of the homemade chili sauce (warning: extremely spicy) together with the fried shallots and cilantro (need to ask for these). 

The egg noodle is tasty with plentiful of tender chicken bits. The bakso is equally good and authentic. 

The dishes like beef rendang and corn fritters and other items are also good but I still come back to this chicken noodle every time I am in this area. 

It recently dawned on me that it is very hard to find a pure Indonesian restaurant in the lower mainland. It is typically a Malaysian restaurant with some Indonesian dishes thrown in. Bali Thai is predominantly an Indonesian restaurant (the auntie is very friendly and nice, and will speak to you in Bahasa if she knows you are Indonesian) with some Thai dishes on the menu?

Come here if you have miss having real Indonesian food. There is even pempek! If they can make martabak manis just like in Jakarta, my life will be complete. 

Oh, and chendol is usually only available during summer."
Create food! This is a little hidden gem in the food court! Try Rendang with rice and eggplant!
Really delicious, authentic food. Good vegetarian options. Wonderful service. And really good value! I love this place and will be back for sure!!
Really good value for the quality and flavour. Friendly service, with free samples to boot. There aren't enough Indonesian eateries around here as far as I know, so this is a great place for homestyle cooking in my book.
Everything here is so delicious. I love the corn fritters with peanut butter and sprinkles cilantro and spicy pork. the restaurant has there own spicy sauce. Smells good and tasty and very very spicy. I requested it and my Korean friend loves it! Mouth watering when I am hungry and think about this place !
Yo this place is goooood. The beef rendang on coconut rice is to die for! Fritters are a must as well
This is the only place that sells authentic Indonesian food. And they have a really diverse menu. Highly recommend this place for lunch!
"International Village finally has a good Southeast Asian food option. Although a bit misled by the name, authentic Indonesian food is served here. I tried the signature Mee Ayam (wonton noodles with chicken). The noodles were quite unique and very flavourful on their own. The wontons could use a bit more meat, but the combination was quite tasty.  I also ordered Beef Rendang (Caramelized beef with coconut) on top of saffron coconut rice. This was quite delicious. The rice was very fragrant and the beef was tender and had just the right amount of heat.
Unlike most places in food courts, I found a real homemade taste and feel to the food. It's nice to see something of the non-franchise variety. The owners are genuine and nice to chat with. They take the effort to describe their offerings - an will even allow you to sample before you decide on your meal.
I will make this a more frequent stop."
"Grabbing a quick bite at the food court at International village. Very happy with the choice to try Bali Thai.
Had a combo with Balinese chicken and Rendang beef on coconut rice. Chicken super tasty, not spicy. Beef really tender and lean and super tasty as well. 
10 bucks with a drink. Very happy. Great plate of food"
Don't be fooled by the name of the restaurant, this is an Indonesian joint. This hidden gem is run by a lady from Jakarta. My boyfriend and I tried the beef rendang, tempeh and homemade soup and it brought us back to our travels in Indonesia. Wish we knew about this place earlier! We've been searching for authentic Indonesian food for the last 6 years and finally found an establishment. Hurrah!!
"The only Indonesian cuisine restaurant in Vancouver (for now). We need more indonesian cuisines in Vancouver! 

If you like tasty food, this is the place you should visit. They offer create your own combo with lots of choices from beef rendang, balinese chicken, tempek orek, etc. Lots of made to orders specials as well: nasi goreng, fried noodles, kwetiaw goreng. I recommend for you to try if you're in the stadium chinatown area. 

Made to order food could take a while if there is a lineup. So come during non peak lunch hours to get fast service. 

Parking is free in the international village!"
"Tucked away in a no-frills food court in Chinatown, Bali Thai unfortunately isn't a place that you'd stumble on by chance. If not for Yelp, would've never found this little unassuming shop. Here's to giving this mom and pop restaurant a little more publicity since this is a quality establishment- I know after one try you'll be back again.

Everything we had was delicious- well-spiced, balanced, home-style dishes that really really hit the spot. I ordered the combo with 2 dishes (pepper beef - not on the menu, but the owner's favorite- and the green curry) over a bed of fragrant coconut saffron rice. The beef was tender and the green curry had a slight kick that went so well with the rice. I want more! My friend got the popular noodle dish and really enjoyed it. The bite I had was great- the noodles were chewy and held onto the flavors of the other components of the dish well. Both orders were topped with fried shallots, green onions, and house made hot sauces, if that's your thing. The satay (the peanut sauce in particular) was also quite good. We were eyeing a special dessert but by the time we finished our food, we were surprisingly full! 

As with any food court, you order at the counter and your food is served on styrofoam plates/bowls. That said, somehow the folks who run Bali Thai make you feel very much at home, even though it's quite apparent you're in a sterile, run down foodcourt in a random mall in Vancouver. They create ambiance, and a sense of welcoming through their food that's really special and I wish I could go back more often. Go on my behalf so I can live vicariously!"
Such yummy beef rendang! Reminded me of Malaysia. They ran out of a lot of things but was pretty good.
My mom and I were finding a place to eat when we came by this place and were Indonesian and so we wanted to try and the food was soo goood it taste just like home and we have tried many different kind  of Indonesian restaurant and this really hits the heart I recommend this place for some good traditional Indonesian food and also really good customer service
"This place is such a hidden gem.
Plus, I am not sure if there are other Indonesian places in Vancouver.

I was able to get variety by getting the 3-item meal.
1) Beef Rendang - This was the favourite. The need is so tender and the sauce super tasty! We even went back to get seconds of this.

2) Corn Fritter - This is really good as well but we got this fresh off the fry. Be sure to add lots of peanut sauce!

3) Balinese Chicken - This is good but be aware that this is full of shrimp sauce. It's a bit of an acquired taste.

Otherwise, would definitely recommend. So dangerous since this place is so close to my work. Probably will be coming back for multiple helpings if Beef rendang!"
Some of the most amazing food I've had in my liiiiife. We ordered a soup noodle dish (I think it was the curry laksa), which was good, but the roti and the curry sauce was soooooo efffffffffing amaaaaazing. OMGGG and you can ask for more curry if you run out. We also had a tofu curry dish, which was also very good. Seriously, the flavors here were amazing. Staff was really nice and it was a very pleasant and comfortable restaurant.
This was by far one of the best meals I've ever had. We ordered the roti canai, satay skewers, and rendang beef curry. It was delicious!!! One thing that stood out to me was how fresh and flavorful the chicken satay skewers were. I'd highly recommend coming here!
Yummy food and great mai tai's. I always order the Singapore laksa and always think it tastes amazing. I got my friends hooked on this restaurant too.
Wow!! Fantastic food and drinks with great, friendly service. What a gem! Go here and get stuffed, it's delicious. You wouldn't think it from the unassuming exterior, but these are usually the best places!
Every dish we ordered was nothing short of perfection. Wait staff were attentive, friendly and excellent with timing. This place is not pretentious. It's small but you don't feel like can of sardines. If you want good food, service, and a relaxing atmosphere, this is one of the places I would recommend!
"So the pessimist, aka yours truly, was dragged here tonight against my will. I've had Banana Leaf in the past on Broadway and as an Asian person, I would always rather try a non-Asian restaurant by preference. Especially, if I'm on a rare date night with my wife and I'm headed downtown towards truly expensive paid city metered parking. But wife wanted this. Ugh

We drove pass the Banana Leaf on Davie Street. . ""Oh let's continue drinking further to English Bay I say"" in hopes to sway her mind on another choice. Drive further to Denman. Get there. *Sh!t, there's another Banana Leaf location here!* ""Alright, alright fine. Let's do this. Overpriced Malaysian Food  here we go* 

BUT. Tonight. Tonight was the  . We called to reserve a table for two 10 minutes prior to arriving to hold a table. ""Excellent!"" We arrived like rockstars . We were seated right away by the same warm, accommodating Asian fellow that we spoke to on the phone. Look at the menu and see the Dine out Vancouver specials are on. $25 per person for a sampler course (total $50). Ordered it. 

Lemme tell you ladies and gents: Every. Single. Item. They banged out tonight from Dine Out Vancouver was delicious. From the starter salad (refreshingly tasty), calamari (uniquely soft), spicy green beans (nice crunch with every bite), chicken skewers (bbq perfection), seafood and beef curries (so fresh) and the dessert (looked honestly like blue toothpaste but tasted f00kin' wonderful). We even ordered deep fried banana (the best!) with ice cream but couldn't finish because by then were absolutely stuffed. Food coma. 

And the service? 6 out 5 stars. Great job my fellow Asian waiters and waitresses. Kept it so professional and accommodating. Continuously switching our old plates and gave us new cutlery. The dishes came out in a nice timely manner. Pat your selves on the back. 

Unforgettable experience tonight. Banana Leaf on Denman. You've renewed my faith in the Malaysian food and in Banana Leaf  . 

Sorry No photos because I was too busy enjoying myself"
"I rarely get the chance to have Malaysian food, so when we had some time to kill in Vancouver, I thought this would be the perfect place for dinner. The whole restaurant is pretty small, but they separate the tables with plants so there is enough space to feel a sense of privacy. The service was generally good as well. 

Now on to the food:
We started with the zucchini fries, and this was probably my favorite thing of the night. Nicely fried with a spicy dipping sauce, and it must be healthy since it's zucchini right? :) 
One of my favorite foods is pineapple fried rice, so I had to try this one. Although the presentation was nice, the flavour was a little lacking and was just okay. Definitely had better elsewhere. 
The beef rendang was a must have, and although it was a bit overpriced, the beef was fork tender and nicely flavoured. The menu says that it is spicy, but there is really not much spice at all.

The drinks were also decent as well. I got the lychee mojito something, and I loved it. Really refreshing and minty, perfect for a summer day. My bf got the special ginger drink, and honestly this was kinda nasty. Way too strong ginger flavour and I felt like I was drinking medicine. But maybe we are not used to the Malaysian taste, who knows.

I love Malaysian food, and I'd definitely give banana leaf another try, but maybe I'd try some more local places next time."
Food is fresh and lively on your pallet. A gastronomic delight! Wait staff is attentive to your needs. Overall I would give this establishment a well earned four Michelin stars.
Wow! What an awesome restaurant! Everything we ordered was so good! We actually went to this restaurant because we were not able to eat at a ramen house because there were vegetarians in our party. They have a lunch menu that is available everyday from 11am to 3 pm. They also have a vegetarian and gluten free menu, with a lot of variety. I wish I have a restaurant like this close to home.
I have been here a couple of times and I always get the beef rendang. You can always ask for extra sambal. Great ambiance and service too!
My apologies for no photos on this one. We were so tired of walking around in the rain trying to decide where to go in the land of restaurants that by the time we finally decided I was ravenous - Plus I realized I had forgotten my phone! That said I would definitely recommend this place when in Vancouver. It's family-friendly as well as romantic staff is amazingly attentive, not too noisy, and the great menu with some different things. Tiger prawns, curry, vegetarian options and my noodle dish, Mee Goreng. Fried noodles, beef with veggies and egg. They called it a Malaysian classic and I'll agree! Cocktails are also their speciality and it was fun to watch them create as I was facing the bar. Wish I had tried the Blue Hawaiian - it looked amazing like the name describes. Again, sorry no pics but here are a couple from their website.
"I have been to another Banana Leaf location a couple years ago, but my night at this location was beyond wonderful. It was a lot smaller than I was expecting, and I think with that came a more homey, personal and intimate feel. Everyone who worked there was lovely, welcoming, and really cared about your experience. 

Now for the food, I got the roti with curry as an appie, and then the boneless chicken curry with coconut banana leaf rice. The roti was different than Indian roti, as it had a little bit of a sweetness in the dough, but it balanced and complimented the curry dip and it's spice really nicely! The chicken curry was AMAZING - had a really nice creamy texture from the coconut milk and was really rich and flavorful from all of the spices, chicken and mixed veggies. I was also excited to try okra (in the mixed veggies) for the first time!! Sorry I forgot to take pictures because I was too excited to dig in. 

All in all, I actually enjoyed this location more than the giant chain locations because it felt like a small and happy family owned restaurant. Thank you for a great experience"
I liked the steamed mussels.   I poured the sauce the mussels were in over some rice and that shit was so good.
"I persuaded my parents to give Banana Leaf another try, as they had previously dined at another location (I think it was Robson?) and they didn't enjoy the food. However, the menu at this location looked promising, and the reviews were mostly positive, so we decided to give it a shot. It definitely didn't disappoint! 

Beef Rendang Brunch (4/5)
I liked the mix of items here, as it allowed us to sample a wide variety of things. Unfortunately, the worst part of the dish was the beef, which was so dry that no one touched it after one bite. The shrimp crackers were also not great, according to my dad. The roti was okay, but it was more dense than flaky, and I would have liked more of the sauce to dip it in. The vegetable curry was pretty good, and I finished it all by myself and didn't share (I'm a veggie hoe okay). The standout for everyone, with the exception of my brother who hates eggplant, was the eggplant fries. We would totally get this as an appetiser by itself next time.

Mee Goreng (5/5)
This was pretty delicious. The sauce on the noodles was tasty, and the noodles were cooked perfectly. We all enjoyed this dish. I forgot to ask for it to be made vegetarian (oopsies) so I had a great time picking out all the beef and shrimp from my noodles.

Turmeric Cauliflower Rice (4/5)
Everyone else didn't like it, but I thought it was pretty good. The dish was a tad watery, and I didn't like thee addition of the pineapples, but I thought that the mild sweetness of this dish was a nice palate cleanser. I finished this whole dish all by myself.

Veggie Spring Rolls (3/5)
This was surprisingly the worst dish of the meal. I take back what I said yesterday about never going wrong with spring rolls. These were too doughy and dense, and weren't crispy and flaky at all. The curried vegetable filling was okay, but not my favourite. I had to smother the whole thing in satay sauce to finish it.

Tofu Goreng (4.5/5)
This was another favourite. The tofu was cooked well, and tasted great with the sauce and the shredded lettuce and cucumbers on top. The sauce was a little overpowering, but it was mediated by me shoving raw lettuce in my mouth to soak up and dampen the flavour.

Chicken Satay (5/5)
Didn't have this, but my family loved it. The chicken was juicy and the satay sauce was great. No complaints about this dish at all.

Overall, we all enjoyed our experience here, and I would totally come back since they have a large selection of menu items for vegetarians/vegans. The food tasted great, and so it's 5 stars for me."
"All banana leaf locations have more or less same menu but tastes slightly different. Like the roti kanai at this location is little less buttery then the other locations . 

Even the space here is not very big but service and food is excellent . The starer ordered was some tofu dish where tofu is fried but the dressing of salad and sauces makes it very yummy. All meats are on menu n must try is pineapple rice which i had at other location though."
"It's our 1st night in Vancouver where there are 20 kinds of restaurants per block it seems. We were taken to this restaurant in Denman by a Vancouver local who had nothing but praises for this place.  We were not disappointed.

Started off with a yummy lychee mojito- very refreshing! Ordered the appetizer sampler ($18), nasi goreng rice, seafood curry and pork ribs. Everything was delicious and filling. 

Service was excellent. What a wonderful dining experience. Highly recommended !"
"If you're looking for some bomb Malaysian food, this is the place! There isn't any legit Malay cuisine to be found in SoCal so I always make an effort to get it whenever there are some spots in any of the places I'm visiting. 

If you're going to start off with anything, go with their Roti! It was fresh and the texture was just right. Fluffy but with some crispiness to it. And the curry sauce that came with it with thick and full of flavor. Be sure to finish the entire thing because it'll be hard as a rock later on and won't be the same when you reheat it. 

The char kuey teow is bomb as well! I'm quite picky with kuey teow (being Chiu Chow/Teo Chew) and this place has it cooked quite well. Get this instead of rice if you're looking for a thicker texture of carbs on the side to eat with your dishes. 

If you're a fan of cod, then their black cod dish is a must have! It appeared to be flash fried based on the texture of the skin and the meat underneath was damn juicy. They've got it topped off with this satay based sauce with ginger and garlic mixed in. Oh man....my mouth is watering as I type. 

The last dish we went with was the seafood curry. This comes with a decent amount of mixed seafoods such as scallop, shrimp, calamari, clam, mussels and fish. Save your roti and dip it into the lovely curry while you chow down on that juicy piece of seafood! 

We actually called in to see if they were closed (Yelp always has the wrong times). Made it in just before last call. We felt bad keeping them there late and ate quickly and was in and out after satisfying the hungry tummies!"
Food was great and service was great as well! Banana Leaf is totally worth eating at as they have a 7-11 course meal for such a lovely deal! Their food actually taste authentic and is satisfying!! One of the best!!!!!!! I love everyone of their desserts and food!!!!!!!!!!! I love you Banana Leaf!!!
"I came by here for lunch one day and the first thing I noticed was a sign that said 'People Love Us on Yelp', so I decided to try it out. I ordered a Laksa and my order came out in about 3 minutes. It was pretty fast considering how there were others ahead of me when I started lining up and they all got their food as well.

The laksa felt like a mini hot pot bowl. There was a good mix of meat, seafood, tofu, and noodles. The broth was creamy and spicy at the right level where I could feel the flavor without overdoing it (and if you have a high tolerance for spice, the cashier offered me more spicy flakes when she gave me my food). The only thing I could think of changing would be the noodles to be crunchier because they were a little bit soggier than I would've liked.

I really liked the food, how cheap it was, and the customer service I received here. Looking back at the 'People Love Us on Yelp' sign, I definitely agree with it."
"This place is still my favorite!! 

While during the pandemic, many restaurants jack up the price and decrease portion, this restaurant actually improved the variation of the  menu and made it even better. Now there's even Laksa too which I should try... ;) 

I always order ""Choose your own"" where you can pick 2 proteins and 1 veggies. It comes with Coconut rice, cilantro, garlic and chili. My favorite protein is eggplant! Before, the eggplant comes with shrimp paste, but now they changed to green chili (I think to make it vegetarian/vegan friendly) and is delicious!  Not too spicy too.

Nasi Goreng is also my favorite. It's made to order so you can choose what meat to include or not include. It's super authentic and big portion!

Also, to make it even better, Auntie at the store is very nice and friendly :) 

Warning: Lots of garlic but you'll love it:)"
"Authentic Indonesian food, especially the chicken satay! 

The auntie is also super friendly and is always welcoming. 

They also serve chicken dishes, beef rendang, eggplant balado (tasty). I have also found chendols here, albeit I have not tried it. Will give it a try next time I am around."
8 months later, still super delicious & friendly service. Definitely a must if you like Indonesian food
Super delicious & great service. If you never tried Indonesian food, please try this one!!
"I came to Bali Thai for lunch, expecting to be wowed based on all the Yelp reviews... and I was not disappointed. The auntie at the counter was quick, efficient and super friendly. Ordering was never rushed, even if there is a line of people.

We ordered laksa, rice with 3 options (we chose the beef rendang, corn fritters and the balinese chicken), nasi goreng (to go) and teh botol. All that came out to less than $40 - which is a great deal for the amount of food we got.

Taste-wise, the food was spot-on. Laksa had incredibly creamy soup with tons of noodles,
veggies, tofu and meat/shrimp. The rice was soft and fluffy, super flavourful. I agree with all the previous reviews about the beef rendang - superb! The meat was tender and flavourful. The balinese chicken was slightly spicy and oh, the spices! Yummm! I can still taste it now, as I write this review 2 days later. And the corn fritters with the peanut sauce - wow, I didn't expect to find this taste ever again! Nasi goreng was great for dinner, especially the homemade balachan and fried shallots that the auntie offered as I picked up my to-go order. Fried rice is just fried rice without all the different spices (and veggies/shrimp/meat) that make nasi goreng special.

Growing up with constant trips to Singapore has spoiled me for any SouthEast asian food that's not authentic. It's hard finding good Singaporean or Malaysian food in Vancouver, and it's near impossible to find any Indonesian food. That has now changed - I will definitely be coming back many, many times.... especially to try the kwaytiau and the pempek!"
Tried the dough fritters,  beef rendang, green curry chicken and noodles with veggies and beef balls -  basically went with all of the owner's recommendations.   They were all unique and good.   If you've never tried Indonesian food but enjoy Thai,  Malaysian or Chinese you will probably not be disappointed as the flavours and spices are very interesting. Don't let the food court atmosphere deter you from trying this place as it really isn't that easy to find this type of food around Vancouver.
"In Vancouver, it is difficult to find good Indonesian food so it was a pleasant surprise to come across Bali Thai. I don't normally comment on food court stalls but this is one of my favourite places at the International Village. The auntie who works here is always so kind and generous, and has a keen attention to detail when it comes to running her business. She always makes sure you have all the cutlery and sauces you need before leaving. 

I ended up picking a two-combo meal which included both beef rendang and the balinese chicken on a bed of coconut rice and a side of yu choy and mushrooms. Both meats were very soft and the rice was flavourable. I definitely thought the crispiness of the vegatables was a nice touch to the meal. 

Overall, I really enjoy the food here and look forward to coming back more in the near future. If you want some good and pretty authentic Southeast Asian  definitely think about stop by Bali Thai the next time you are in Chinatown."
"Came here for the first time and my experience was excellent. Staff helped me sample few dishes before deciding. I sampled some Tahu Kale (tofu with kale) , Beef Rendang and some panfried green beans.

Then I decided on getting 1 noodle with 2 side orders. I was told that I can get either 2 pcs of spring rolls or fritters as a side or get 1pc of each to mix it up.
So I got noodle with Beef Rendang, 1 spring roll and 1pc Bakwan Jagung (veggie fritters). Food was good. I found Beef Rendang a bit oily, but it was tasty. It was tender and tasted little bit spicy which I liked. I really liked the fritters from here and got peanut sauce along with it. Noodle and spring roll were okay.

They take cash and debit only . My bill came to $7.34 and I didn't know there is 15cents fee for a debit transaction (Total of $7.49). Anyways I'll come back to try other dishes."
"Hidden gem at Tinseltown. This food takes me back to Bali. Don't be fooled by the exterior presence, this place is authentic and delicious. Plus it's probably the cheapest meal I've eaten in Vancouver. 3 toppings on coconut rice for 10$ doesn't get any better than that. 

Highly reccomend the Beef Rendang. You're definitely going to want to try everything they offer."
I love to try different kinds of foods from different parts of the world, today I tried Indonesia food from this place and it was really good and tasty. I tried other indonesia food from Richmond and it was not good. The food over here was great and it was very delicious. Whoever wants to try Indonesia food, must come to this place and try it. The service was fantastic, and when u order it, it feels like home , and the food was like home cooking too. The woman over there, was fantastic and she told me that spicy chicken was good u must try, and it was good. I got my own combo,  coconut rice, with beef rendang, spicy chicken, and eggplant. I also got must try, corn fritters, it was so delicious must try.
I had been wanting to go here for a while, but after an Indonesian coworker raved about it and told me what to get, I had to experience the only Indonesian food place in Vancouver. The owner is a sweetheart, the portions are fair, the prices are low and the food is fresh and incredible. Worth trying are the corn fritters, beef rendang, nasi goreng, and any of the chicken options. Say yes to the cilantro and onion on top. It isn't spicy food but there is a bit of a hot sauce you can put on your food. Oh and the coconut rice is bomb. New favorite downtown.
"I've never found a mall food stall that ""damn"" until here. I was not expecting great flavors but I got them.  Popcorn chicken is awesome.  Coconut rice and soup were just as good too.

The noodle dish reminds me of Thai noodles but not as flavorful. Still good, but this particular dish held back.  The beef dish is really good.

Ladies behind the counter are super nice and helpful."
It's hard to find Indonesian food in Vancouver but this stall is a must try. I love their mie ayam ( chicken and fried noodles) it tastes just like the ones I used to have  in Indonesia. Mie ayam is my favorite dish and finding this little gem of a stall keeps my spirit up everytime I miss home
"I believe this is the only or one of the few Indonesian restaurants in Vancouver. It is kind of hard to believe that Vancouver is so culturally diverse but there are not a lot of Indonesian restaurants here. This is a family ran food stall inside the International Mall. The owner is very friendly and yes she Indonesian. My Yelper friends and I all ordered the bakmie with bakso (chicken noodle with beef balls). Carolyn mentioned that we have to have the  kecap manis (sweet soy sauce) in the noodle. They don't put the kecap manis on unless you specifically ask for it. We also had shallot and cilantro on top. 

The noodles had a very interesting flavors to it. It was very tasty. In the noodle there were baby bok choy, mushrooms and ground pork. Overall, I would come back and order it again. The meal also came with beef balls. The beef balls (3) were all homemade. Yes they were not perfectly round.

I would definitely come back."
"I don't think there are any other Indonesian restaurant besides Bali Thai (WHY???) , and will still visit here once in awhile. 

Their food is pretty good. Laksa is also good it had some chicken, seafood and tofu curds it wasn't too heavy. I totally recommend this and it doesn't come with 2 different kinds of noodles in it. I love how my soup wasn't too greasy and yet, spicy and milky.

It's hard to order popular items if you go to Bali Thai around 7PM (they close at 8PM) , noodles sell out fast. I couldn't order any special items and the owner looked so busy and stressed, but she was helpful and friendly like last time. I got rice with 2 entrees for $9.25 and picked Tempeh with some braised beef. It was delish packed with flavours. Perfect with a pinch of Sambal on the side. Hopefully I come in earlier next time to order one of the noodle dishes."
"First, let me disclose that I am Indonesian who loves eating out. Tried a few Indonesian restaurant and this one is definitely the best. Don't be discouraged because it's located in a food court, in fact, it's better cause the cost is lower. The hospitality is top notch, the best Indonesian hospitality. Look no further for best Indonesian food in Vancouver. This is the one

If you're new to indo food, try the beef rendang. Their noodle is close to one of the most famous noodle chain in Indo.

Fyi their hours is 10am-8pm Mon-Sat"
"Had the Indonesian laksa for lunch.

It was good, what truly made this dish was a GOOD base of coconut milk and perfect on point curry ratio, but the owner's home made belachan lifted this from a 3.5 to a 4 star.

Why not a 5 star?

Its located in a food court, not ideal but the quality of the food is authentic.

Had some sweetcorn fritters which the Indonesians are so famous for.  This was divine.  Perfect, crispy, non-oily with tons of garlic.

Reminded me of the Cape Malay food I grew up with.  Modest place, yum food."
"In Vancouver, it is really really hard to find good south east asian...bur it seems like the international food court is filled with awesome gems...

I ordered combo with 3 dishes(vegetable fritters, egg and chicken)and it was really good! It's authentic, and it tastes like a real indonesian food! It made me flashback to the time when I used to live in Singapore (a beautiful country where you can get good South East Asian food) 

I should explore this food court more....:)"
Family of 6 travels. Stopby. Excellent food. Excellent Taste. Must try the Rendang and Bali Chicken. Soto Betawi is great. Taste close to home. Will not regret at All.
Certified authentic Indonesian cuisine, according to this born and raised Jakartan. We ordered ayam penyet, bakmi ayam, and soto Betawi -- all hit the spot. Much better than Indonesian restaurants we have in Toronto.. nagih banget!
"So I've been told this is (as of the time of writing) the only true Indonesian food place in town. Not counting the pseudo places such as Tropika. This is one of the booths in the Tinseltown food court.

Parking is available in the parkade below the mall.

The lady behind the counter is quite sassy and likes to call everyone Dear. Definitely made my friends and me feel special.

I've been here twice now. I can't speak for the authenticity as I've never been to Indonesia, but the food here is freaking good. 

The mee ayam (chicken noodle) combo comes with soup (choice wonton or beef ball), as well as some bok choy. Everything is cooked fresh.

The nasi goreng is also quite good.

Be sure to ask for all the toppings for the full experience. House samba (spicy) sauce has a real kick. Served out of a ghetto jar. Then there's 
also the cilantro, fried onions, and that sweet black sauce.

The soup is tasty and probably full of MSG. Similar to those of other SE Asian places. No complaints.

Definitely worth checking out, though the food court here. also has other great choices. Recommended."
Spicy, yummy food. No complaints. I usually order tikka masala, a curry and some apps. All was delicious.
Omg! This Indonesian restaurant is so good! I ordered nasi Padang and it was so delicious the meat tasted like a coconut and the rice was so soft , also the bakso is really good! . The staff and owners are really friendly!! For sure I will come back!
"When my original dinner plans for this evening were rescheduled due to weather, I decided to visit Warung, a spankin' new Indonesian restaurant, just south of Monterrey Mexican on Buford Highway, for carryout. If you know me at all, you've had to listen to me wax (and wax and wax) poetic about Bali, and how anxious I am to be back there. I figured a roasted fish with lemongrass sauce (ikan bakar) would make me happy. I also ordered vegetable fritters (bakwan sayur), corn and shrimp fritters (udang jagung}, and stir fried wide noodles (kewtiau goreng); so I would have plenty to plate and deliver to my dad for a couple of meals. While I waited for my order, I had the pleasure of inflicting my sorry-but-enthusiastic Bahasa Indonesia on the absolutely adorable proprietress, Tuti. She played along, and helped me when I faltered. It felt so good to pull some Indonesian phrases out of the cobwebs!

The food was absolutely delicious - the fish was perfect, and the corn and shrimp fritters will call me back. The space is beautiful (cantik!), and I look forward to a real dine-in experience when life settles down a bit. Give it a try - Tuti will help you decide on the dishes that suit you best, and modify anything to your taste..I love the Indo hot sauce (sambal), which can be added to or left out of any dish. For beginners, ""nasi goreng"" is Indonesian fried rice, and ""mie goreng"" is stir-fried noodles. Not scary at all! GO!"
The food were all very very good! Super tasty. And forgot to take pictures like others said. But we will be back. Highly recommend sate kambing. The item numbers were 1, 10, and 14. No bad options.
Warung opened last week and I've already visited twice.  Everything I've ordered has been good, but particularly like the curried collard greens with chicken, beef and rice.  It also comes with some different hot sauces and is good with or without.  Chef/staff/owner are all friendly.  Looking forward to their buffet when dine-in is permitted.  Take out only for now.
"I haven't had Indonesian food in years and the restaurants I last went to are no longer in business :(

Warung Indonesian Halal Restaurant is one of the restaurants that opened up during this crazy pandemic. With all the great reviews, I was excited to try and hope I wouldn't be disappointed.

I'm happy to say that I loved everything about Warung Indonesian Halal Restaurant.

It is located in Doraville in a small plaza next to a Bangladeshi market and Gong Cha on the most right side. The restaurant is small but roomy enough for more than a party of 20. It gives a small mom and pop feel but big enough with the decor giving you an elegant feel.

The owner is super nice and friendly. He explained the menu to us. The menu is actually very extensive. They have an additional menu as in insert. I also wanted to mention that all the meats are halal too.

For appetizers, we got bakwan sayur - deep fried veggie fritters, it's kind of like pakora in Desi cuisine. Also for appetizer, we got the tempeh - fermented tofu.

My friend got the nasi goreng - fried rice with pieces of meat and veggies. I got the kupat tahu, a vegetarian dish consisting of rice cakes, tofu, bean sprouts, cabbage, garlic crackers in peanut sauce.

We received complimentary garlic crackers from the restaurant. They were tasty. It reminded me of the Asian shrimp chips texture. I liked them.

When the appetizers came out, good presentation, looked so yummy! That sauce with the bakwan sayur is bomb. Soooo delicious that we asked for more to put in our dishes. The tempeh is alright but taste even yummier with the sauce with the bakwan sayur, I wasn't feeling the sauce with it.

I wasn't sure I felt about the kaput tahu just by looks but after digging through it, soooo delicious!! Plus add on that yummy sauce too! The dish has rice cakes and noodles, as well as lettuce! I really love the combination. We weren't able to finish our food. We even asked for a sauce container cause yes, that sauce is that good. OMG.

I ate the leftover for dinner and added more lettuce. It is soooo good. I really like the dish.

Go support them. Great food and company!

11/2021"
My family really wanted some Indonesian food but really didn't know where to look and we also wanted something close by. Took a risk with going to this new restaurant but I'm sooo glad we did. Their food looked pretty good off the photos online so we ordered takeout (due to the pandemic). When we walked in, we were greeted by one of the nicest owners I've ever met. The food itself was also really good as well. My favorite was the Fried rice and noodles. Also, with such a fair price, the portions were fantastic!!! I would 100% stop by again!!!!
The owner of this restaurant are friendly. We ordered the food for pick up. The sambal terasi (chilly sauce) is superb. The bakwan jagung with shrimp is very good, martabak telor is good but not for take out, bihun goreng is a little on the sweet side, and nasi padang. Overall, it is good food
I had the nasi padang, gado gado and the murtabak telur. The food is tasty. They were friendly. The bingka ubi and bubur hitam were delicious too.  We also bought the kerepek kacang and the spicy potato chips
Wonderful food and service! The owners were lovely and helpful. If you are a foodie or an adventurous eater, give them a try! I tried their nasi padang, ayam bakar and es campur. All were great! Also, I got a lot of food for the price!
This is a nice family owned authentic restaurant!! Friendly staff, flavorful food!!! The green chili sauce brought a depth of spicy flavor to the dish
We have a fabulous, new restaurant (Warung Halal Indonesian Restaurant) right here on Buford Highway in Doraville. I called them up tonight and ordered Nasi Padang (white rice, vegetable curry, eggs with chili sauce, green chili relish, beef rendang, and a big piece of curry chicken) and chicken satay (seasoned chicken grilled on skewers, peanut sauce, and cubed white rice). The seasonings and sauces were outstanding and classic Indonesian. This restaurant serves delicious and authentic Indonesian cuisine and I can't recommend them highly enough. I'll be coming back and hope to see you there.
The interior is very authentic type. The staff as well as the owners are the nicest people. So helpful and very welcoming. Their hospitality was amazing. And the food is soo good and warm. Makes me feel like I'm back in Indonesia. Amazing place. Will come here more often
"Good  authentic Indonesian halal food. Very personable owners. Reasonable priced meals . We tried the Opor ayam, Batagor, bakwan udang jagung, sate kambing
A taste of indonesia in Georgia."
I haven't had Indonesian food since going to Holland.  What a treat! The restaurant was very nice with a little bit of art on the wall. The food takes a little time to come out, it is worth the wait but don't be in a hurry when you come. The peanut sauce was so good oh ya it came with chicken skewers. We also go a beef dish with rice. It was all great!!! Another little hidden gem in the Atlanta area
We are so glad this place opened! The atmosphere, food and people are great. We took my mom, who's originally from Madiun, for her birthday and she loved it. The nasi goreng reminded me of the food my grandmother used to make. Incredible! Please visit and support this restaurant, so they'll be around for years to come. If you're like us, you'll definitely be back for more.
"GUYS! I know we're still going through a pandemic, but this is one of the many local restaurants that needs your support! They're doing take out orders and the food here is DELICIOUS! The owners who are husband and wife were super friendly and inviting as well! 

I ordered the following: 

Bakwan Sayur - was a nice surprise! Perfectly Krispy patties that packed in a ton of flavor from the vegetables. My family thought there was seafood in them for some reason but that may be from the cabbage. On the menu, it's listed as $1.99 pcs (4 pcs), which I thought that meant 4 came for that price, but it's 1.99 each. That was a little confusing but not a bad price as each piece is pretty large and filling. 

Bihun Goreng - DELICIOUS! I loveeee glass noodles and the meatball slices were delicious! There was also shrimp in this dish that was not listed as one of the ingredients on the menu (this should be added as some people suffer from shellfish allergies). Luckily no one in my family does. Definitely a favorite!

Nasi Goreng - also delicious! I always love any dish with fried egg. The fried rice was cooked perfectly and I loved the vegetables involved, though I don't know what most of it was haha

Sate Ayam- chicken skewers that was okay IMO. I'm very picky regarding chicken, especially when the consistency is slightly rubbery. I think this is normal in Asian cultures depending on the part of chicken that is used. This wasn't the favorite for my fam as well. Peanut sauce helped being a little more flavor, otherwise the chicken itself was pretty bland. 

Sate Kambing - out of all the dishes we ordered, this was definitely the favorite for me! The goat meat was so tender and juicy! I also loved the peanut sauce on top but without it, it was still very flavorful. I wish I had ordered one more!

Prices were a little steep, but I think it's well worth it. I cannot wait until things settle down enough for proper dine-in. I'll definitely be back!"
Wow. Best Indonesian food. Best Asian food. Best food period. Healthy, tasteful, prepared to perfection. No need to look further if you like authenic food.
"A Unique Play of Flavors. An epic feast packed with spices, savory and sweet. Friendly, quick service and all halal makes for a great place for family dinners. A bit pricey in my opinion but for every once in a while, it's good. 

Indonesian food is just beyond tasty and is reminiscent of some of the Bangladeshi foods I grew up eating."
Warung was amazing! The service is so great! The food was very authentic and delicious! The portions are great! This will be the new Hot Spot on Buford hwy!
I went yesterday night to pick up some takout for my friend and I. This was my first time trying this restaurant and it was delicious! We got the Bakwan Sayur appetizer (4pcs), Kwetiau Goreng, and Nasi Padang. All were so flavorful and delicious! I've only ever had Mie Goreng and Nasi Goreng from Indonesia so it was nice to try other foods. The only reason I gave 4 stars was because of the lack of COVID precautions. Once entering the restaurant, the host was not wearing a mask. She seemed to be the only one serving customers at the time. I'm not sure if it was just during the time I came in but I would love to come back if better COVID precautions were taken!
This was my first time trying Indonesian food, so I have no idea how authentic it was, (probably usually more spicy). I thought everything was very good. All the flavors were all there. I had nasi campur with pork, rendang sapi + teller dardar, and the martabak telor mini. My favorite was the pork. I liked that there were several types of food on the two mains. The service was helpful and attentive, and they have nice outdoor seating. I would definitely go back, and I'm excited to see how this restaurant matures.
Me and my partner have always wondered why Portland never have Indonesian food since traveling there a few years ago. So we were so excited to try this place when it popped up. We loved it and thought it was super authentic. Our favorite was the Bubur Ayam - chicken porridge and the Ayam Goreng Kalasan which is a little set plate with chicken and cabbage and all sorts of goodies. Portions weren't huge but perfect amount of food. We finished it off with the klepon dessert which was an experience haha. Hope this place sticks around, Will be back to try more!
The food was awesome! We ordered a bunch of stuff to share. The skewers were the best.
Food was good but its too expensive. Potion size is small comparatively. If you are in mt tabor area its a solid choice but not worth going out of your way to try this one!
"New neighborhood place risen from the ashes of the Laurelhurst cafe, which I loved.  But I love Indonesian food as well, and was glad to see this place show up.  Took a little bit to get the service kinks worked out, but I've had literally every dish on the menu now, and it is all spectacular - filling, authentic, tasty and reasonable.  

My favorites are the Babi Kentang (so rich) and the Kari Ayam, but the Rendang and Nasi Uduk are also great.  Their homemade sambals are awesome (and bring some serious heat), and they always have a nice simple, but well-curated tap list, and Bintang in cans for the purists.  Watch out for the little green chilis that look like green beans that come with some of the apps - they will take your face off ;-).  

They've covered the back area and put in heaters for winter as well, which will help - the back patio is wonderfully semi-secluded and -shaded in the summer as well.  And now they are doing lunch as well.  So glad their are nearby!"
A wonderful, authentic Indonesian Restaurant in-town. My friend is from Indonesia and said this place was better than any Indonesian place she's been to in LA and SF.
Amazing! Everything is delicious and the wait staff is great. I'm hoping they consider opening up for lunch soon (even if it's with a smaller menu).
Didnt know what to expect.  This place is dank.  Big portions and prices are reasonable.
Lunch review:  Good fried chicken plate.  It was not special, but not bad either.  At $14 the cost was a tad  high in comparison to similar offerings elsewhere (e.g., the wings plate at Pok Pok Wing).  Will have to try again with dinner menu and see bigger selectiion of offerings.
"So happy to have an Indonesian restaurant in Portland. I'm Dutch Indonesian and have been patiently waiting for someone to open up a restaurant with Indonesian food, not Malaysian or fusion style but good old fashioned Indonesian like my oma and Mom used to make. This is the place. I went with my sister and friends and enjoyed the rendang and gado gado. We had the pisang goreng (fried bananas) and bakar jagung(corn fritters) as appetizer. Just like mom's! 
We are definitely coming back and often. The food and service were great, the staff was friendly and helpful. Hope wajan sticks around for a long time!"
Excellent.  Waiter was knowledgeable and helpful.  Food was delicious and unique.  A great dining experience at a very reasonable price.
Four of us had a very pleasant dinner last evening, we all enjoyed our various dishes.  This was a first time for me eating Indonesian, and I will be back for more.  The menu was just one page, but gave us several interesting dishes...I cannot remember the names of the dishes, hard to pronounce but all very good.  Service is excellent and the wait staff explains what the dishes contain.  Very casual dining, we ate on a side patio outside, the weather was just right and the restaurant was busy the entire evening.
I must say that my experience at Wajan was one of the best culinary experiences of my life.  If you are reading my review, do yourself a favor and eat at Wajan.  My friend and I got lucky and were able to get a table before it got busy.  Go early if you don't want to wait too long and get a table.  I'm sitting outside next trip.
Such a great place for some Indo Food!! So happy to finally have one in pdx. Food was great and the staff was so friendly. I can't wait to come back and have some more of that rendang.
"A delightful interior with charming wall art and warm lighting invites you into Wajan. The atmosphere is casual and comfortable, the perfect place to enjoy some authentic Indonesian food with friends and family. 

While waiting for our table, we sipped on the ""Indonesian Tonic"". My phone autocorrected it to ""Indonesian ATOMIC"" which might be more accurate. One sip packs such a punch of spiced flavor that I almost fell out of my seat. It's served warm, and would be the perfect drink on a sick day. 

The ""Maratabak Telor"" were very deep fried, tasting just like a McDonald's chicken nugget...but in a good way? The oil was fresh, thank god. It has a delightful crunch and I loved the interplay between soft egg and soft dough inside. It only comes with two pieces, but honestly I think it's enough for 4 people because eating more than half of one would be too much grease to handle. 

Since we're vegetarian, we tried the first  three items on the menu: Nasi Campur, Nasi Udung, and Gado Gado. Of these, I'd skip the Gado Gado because the peanut sauce covering it all is kind of tasteless. It needed fish sauce or something to make it pop. 

The standout from the Nasi Campur was the Chinese eggplant. It's got a great sauce coating it. However, the Nasi Uduk was my favorite since the assortment of coconut rice, tempeh, and veggies was the most unique and most cohesive as a dish. 

I would love to return to try some of their desserts. Their food is simple prepared so it does feel very much like home cooking. I'd love to a see some fish options on the menu  in the future."
This was my first time eating here and it feels authentically Indonesian.  The food was delicious.  Parking isn't easy, there is a parking lot that is very difficult to get in and out of and there are some large tree-like weeds growing out of the asphalt in the lot that make it difficult to navigate around.  We ordered the Martabak Telor Mini, Bubur Ayam, Nasi Uduk (with Rendang), and the Biji Salak for dessert.  Everything was delicious.  My least favorite was the Martabak Telor Mini snack because it was more flavorless and greasy.  This is a very small restaurant, we went on a Monday evening and there was no wait.
"So, before you eat here, please be aware that Indonesian cuisine is probably the spiciest in the world.  Here's a quick translation of the pepper ratings on the Wajan menu:

None: normal people can eat this (there are, fortunately, a few meals for folks with sensitive taste buds).

One Pepper: hot

Two Peppers: really frikkin' hot

Three Peppers: you will regret this both right away and the next day. I hope you also ordered plain rice and maybe a nice shaved ice.

Four to Five Peppers: I can't honestly imagine how hot these would be.  Set the table on fire maybe?  There's nothing on the menu with this rating ... yet.

Beyond that ... amazing Indonesian food, with many dishes I've never seen before.  Also affordable; we finished dinner for $20-25 apiece, including tip.  The first two items on the menu are full plates, and those plates are filling. 

The menu now encompasses a fair variety of stuff, with choices for meat-eaters and veggies (and even vegans), bland folk and hotheads, and plenty of gluten-free options. And the menu changes regularly so you don't get bored.  If you are into hot, then make sure to order some of the optional side sambals.

The decor is also pretty charming, and the staff are very helpful even when the place is slammed, which it has been lately."
I am so grateful for this restaurant - an oasis of traditional, quality Indonesian food  in Portland.  I have visited more than 10 times, myself and with friends and family.  Delicious food and authentic tastes satisfy my occasional craving for Southeast Asian comfort food.  Chef / owner Feny is one of the most diligent, cheerful, creative, energetic people I know.  The inside decor is delightfully full of Indonesian motifs and street scenes, co-created by Feny and her artist friend.  I enjoy much on the menu: the deliciously crispy, flaky Martabak; the comforting Soto Ayam soup;  the tender, plump and juicy Sate Babi with peanut gravy; the curried Jackfruit (reminds me of artichoke hearts, but firmer, meatier) and green beans; the rich, dry, aromatic Beef Rendang which takes ages and much care to cook; the fragrant, yellow turmeric rice and coconut rice; the emping (melinjo bean chips) and tapioca crackers...  Aiyah, I have tried almost all the dishes and enjoyed them!  Among desserts, the iced Es Teler is refreshing and the yummy, crispy Piscok is like a fried nutella-banana crèpe.  After writing this review, I'm hungry again.  I hope you enjoy your visits as much as I do.  I heard that a very senior executive of Garuda Indonesia visited and complimented the food as authentic.
I was really impressed with Wajan! Everything was so flavorful and the service was very speedy and kind. I loved my nasi campur, and I loved how accommodating this restaurant is for both vegetarians/vegans and carnivores alike. It's great if you're dining with a mixed group. Can't wait to come back again!
So excited to have a good Indo restaurant in Portland. The beef rendang is delicious and they feature excellent homemade sambals. My wife is from Jakarta and she approved of the sauces, spices and flavors.  The place has a fun casual vibe and a nice outdoor seating area.  Can't quite give it a 5-star rating because they used all white meat chicken on the satay ayam and kari ayam. Usually these dishes would be made with dark meat chicken and they would taste a lot better if they were.  If they at least offered a dark meat option for these dishes, I'd definitely upgrade this to a 5-star rating!!
Made the trek to Wajan in E Burnside for dinner the other evening. Despite parking being a challenge, this Indonesian restaurant was an awesome experience. We tried the Ayam Goreng (fried chicken), which was unique and a little dry, but came with its own special sauces. The Babi Kentang (pork belly) was a little salty, but overall extremely tasty and paired well with its huge side of rice. Finally, the Nasi Uduk (medley plate)  was a mix of new and unusual foods, which paired well all together but was a bit dry in my opinion. That being said, I look forward to coming back and trying more of their foods, especially their curries.
"In its short time in the neighborhood, Wajan has quickly become, in my opinion, a must-try restaurant for both the adventurous and the curious.

If you have never tried Indonesian food before, you'll want to get to know Feny Lim--chef and owner of Wajan--and how her upbringing in Jakarta has informed her approach to dishes she grew up enjoying. Unlike the food from the other Indonesian restaurant in town, the dishes at Wajan were inspired by decades of lived experience in Indonesia, and intend to showcase the street food and home-cooking delicacies Lim was raised on. Where most might be familiar with the cuisine of touristy Bali, the food at Wajan features the distinct and varied boldness of flavors hailing from Jakarta.

Let's start with sate. You're going to want to start with sate. The sate babi, smothered in spices and its rich, chunky peanut sauce, is as juicy as any xiaolongbao you'll find on any street corner of Taipei, and is as surprisingly memorable as any skewer of meat can be.

If you find yourself in the mood for something familiar, the Martabak Telor Mini is a great addition to any table. But if you're the kind of person who collects every bottle of hot sauce used in each new season of Hot Ones, or if you're anxiously awaiting the day that Los Angeles' Johnny Ray Zone plants a Howlin' Rays flag into Portland, you're not going to want to miss the Telor Balado. Inarguably Portland's spiciest hard-boiled egg, any thrill-seeker dining at Wajan would be remiss not to try one--and for just two extra bucks, why miss it?

Spearheading the entree portion of dinner is the Nasi Campur, a beautiful medley of flavors and textures, ideal for anyone trying Indonesian cuisine for their first time. Be sure to add rendang or the babi kentang to that, as well, for a more complete dinner experience. Also very much worth noting is the Bubur Ayam, a savory rice porridge with shredded chicken, vegetables and krupuk. With porridge having its moment as one of the hottest entrees to experiment with (see: Porridge + Puffs and the congee at LA's Nightshade), the porridge at Wajan is an outstanding competitor in the crowded field.

Last but certainly not least, I have to give a special mention to both the Ungu cocktail, which is unlike any cocktail I have ever had, as well as the dessert called Klepon, which I could have eaten ten of if I wasn't so full from the rest of my dinner.

Lim and crew have created an immediately memorable and exciting new addition to the always evolving Portland food scene. Her dishes, inspired by the love of her hometown and the cooking of her mother, evokes nostalgia with each new dish that comes to the table, even for those of us who have never spent but a layover in the island nation. As Wajan grows, so will Lim's talent, and willingness to experiment with new and even more exciting flavors. My suggestion: visit soon, before the rest of the city finds out how special it really is."
I craved for Indonesian food the other day and landed here. I feel so lucky that I did. The martabak is very much like a Bengali street food called moglai paratha. Loved it to the core. Went for some shared satay and Babi kentang (pork with rice). Get the sambal on the side. And in dessert there was klepon.. a glutenous rice ball with molten palm sugar (nolen gur in Bengal). Can't wait to get back.
Love this new spot! The food and service was excellent. It's great that the fried chicken comes with both sweet and spicy sauces.
"The beef rendang was really nice: spicy, aromatic, fatty. The omelette that came with it was even better--almost remarkable--incredibly salty in a good way, with a sharp fishy edge. 

If only that were the whole story.

1) The coconut rice is not nearly as rich or flavorful as it should be: they need to use a good bit more coconut milk, at the very least. If you're going to call it coconut rice, take it all the way there. It should be luscious and decadent. This was more, vaguely coconutty white rice. 

2) The gravest problem: their tempeh is AWFUL. Some other reviewers have mentioned this and I must say, you need to believe them. The texture and flavor constitute nothing less than an insult to their diners. They need to either take it off the menu or revamp it entirely. It alone was bad enough that if I could rate 2.5 stars I would. I wish them luck but seriously, this is not a place for vegetarians."
This was my first time trying Indonesian food, so I have no idea how authentic it was, (probably usually more spicy). I thought everything was very good. All the flavors were there. I had nasi campur with pork, rendang sapi + teller dardar, and the martabak telor mini. My favorite was the pork, but everything was good. I liked that there were several types of food on the two mains as I got to try more types of food. The service was helpful and attentive, and they have nice outdoor seating. I would definitely go back, and I'm excited to see how this restaurant matures.
"I went here for the first time on Saturday. I may have had Indonesian food when I lived in SoCal, but surely this was the first place I have had this fare in Portland. 

I ordered the Nasi Campur with chicken and the purple drink... can't remember the name. There were only four alcoholic restaurant-specific options. The drink delicious, and the more I sipped the better it became on my palette. The real delight was the food, though. The presentation was beautiful. I don't often photograph my food, but this time I did. 

Immediately after my first bite, I said, ""Well, this is fantastic."" There was plenty in the portion and the cost was very reasonable altogether. I loved the decor. The waitstaff was great.

This is the next hot spot in Portland. Visit before the lines become too long!"
"I came here with a bunch of friends, and we ordered family style to be able to sample most of the items! I was super excited for an Indonesian place to open up because it's been a long time since I've had some.

My favorite dishes of the night was the babi kentang (pork belly), the kari ayam (curry), and the ayam goreng kalasan (fried chicken). Pork belly had lots of flavor, but don't be like me and accidentally eat the peppers or else you will have a bad time. The curry had good flavor and a bit of a kick to it. The fried chicken was super crispy and flavorful.

The sweet tea was pretty good. I really enjoyed the skewers -both the chicken and pork. Loved the pickled veggies that came with them. Sauces are super tasty, but the skewers are definitely overpriced at $7.50 for 3 sticks of meat.

I think overall the experience was disappointing because I hyped myself too much. I was especially looking forward to the rendang, but the beef was dry and didn't have enough sauce. I thought it was weird they served it with an omelette, since that's not very traditional?

Basically, the portions were all super small, considering how much you pay for each dish. You can definitely finish 3 entrees between 2 people. This is somewhere I would recommend to try once for taste. If you're looking for somewhere you get the bang for your bucks, look elsewhere."
"Finally!  As an Indonesian, I've been waiting for an Indonesian restaurant since I moved here in 2002! The time has come and I'm not disappointed.  

For a good intro, I recommend the nasi campur with beef rendang added - this will get you all the flavors you need to know for Indonesian food and you can branch out from there.

Rendang is usually my benchmark for Indonesian restaurant and they do it very well (still not quite to my mom's, but it is very close and probably depends on personal taste).  All the other dishes I've tried so far were also good - with the exception of the ayam goreng (fried chicken) was dry for me - I probably won't order this again.  If you didn't order nasi campur, I highly recommend the side of sayur nangka (young jackfruit curry), teri kacang (anchovies & peanuts) and telor belado (chili egg) as sides to be shared.

I really wanted to try the shaved ice, but we were SO full that we couldn't.  I would recommend them adding cendol too, that's an easy but good dessert to offer. ;)

Will definitely come here again when I miss my mom's food!"
"So thrilled to see different cuisines expanding in Portland (there's only so much fried chicken a girl can take). I have little to no knowledge of Indonesian food so Wajan was a nice experience into the unknown. Pretty casual place. The menu was a giant mystery to us so as we stared cluelessly at our menu, the server was able to make a few recs. 

We started with the Martabak Telor mini. In effect a fried pancake with green onions and yummy spices. It was delicious, albeit super greasy. Still tasty though. 

For main entrees we had the Kari Ayam (akin to yellow curry served in other SE Asian restaurants) although the version here was much thinner in terms of curry consistency. I found this one pretty bland. The potatoes didn't really pick up the flavor of the curry and the chicken was also tough and flavorless. 

Also had the Nasi Uduk with rendang (beef). I liked the flavors and offerings in this plate, but I had a sneaky suspicion that this could be way better. Sort of akin to my first visit to Thailand and realizing how amazing Thai food could be. At any rate we had no idea what to expect, thought some items were pretty tasty, but not sure we'd return.."
"I'm fortunate in that I was raised on Indonesian food. We lived next door to my Oma's house and she would send us off every afternoon with stackable metal containers filled with whatever she made that day. It's been a long time since I've had food even close to as good as my Oma used to make.

Wajan comes really close! Their rendeng was amazing, rich and flavorful and the meat had just the right bite to it. The satay and peanut sauce was  as good as the satay I grew up with. The babi kenteng was sweet and rich and practically perfect.

A few things of note, but not worth dropping a star for: 
-Sambal goes on almost everything in my opinion, and charging for it feels a bit cheap. It's like being charged sriracha, or hot sauce, or ketchup. It's a pretty integral condiment for Indonesian food, charging for it doesn't seem right. Work it into the price of the dishes and make it available on request would be my suggestion.
-The klepon could use a little more palm sugar. Ours was delicious, but could be a little bit sweeter.

Keep up the good work!"
This was my first time trying Indonesian food and it was delicious! The restaurant is located on a busy street, so there is some road noise when seated outside. However, the warm and inviting atmosphere makes up for that. Service is friendly. Although there are vegetarian options, this is definitely more of a meat-centric restaurant. Food comes in varying levels of spice, but bear in mind that spicy means SPICY. This was a fun restaurant to try and I would recommend it!
Authentic Indonesian cuisine. Way better than Gado Gado! Can't wait for the menu to expand with more choices. Great addition to Portland!
"I've been back three times to keep up with the expanding menu. The owner is a smart businesswoman: make sure the staff masters the current dishes and process before adding more items and opening for lunch.

For the latest round we tried three new offerings.  Start your experience with the Martabak, some might consider it a touch greasy, but that's the way I've always had it.  Be sure to complement it with the shrimp paste sambal. The Nasi Uduk is an acquired taste as the rice is steamed in coconut milk, I'm more partial to the Nasi Campur.  However, the pickled vegetables that accompany it are worth it alone.  We opted for chicken, it was on the dry side, so not sure if that was a one-off.

We ended the meal with an excellent shaved ice dessert, it's great for sharing as it's ample.  Of course, I always order their delicious hot tea.  I eyeballed the newly added avocado and chocolate drink, but was already full.

I love this restaurant (you'll rarely hear that accolade from me) on many levels.  Next I plan to cozy up to the appealing bar for drinks only."
Drove by on our way to Apizza Scholls and stopped here for dinner instead. After living in NYC for a few years I have high expectations and they impressed me. Thank you! Keep it up! Appropriate prices for good food and appropriate portions!
So flavorful! My friends and I have been wanting to try out Wajan since there are so few Indonesian restaurants in Portland. The last time I ate this genre of food was over a banana leaf so this felt very fancy. It was interesting attempting to order the food because I didn't really know what it all meant, but once it came out we were all thoroughly enjoying the umami of it all. The food had great presentation, it was savory, and it is quite a unique gem of an experience amongst the food selections of Portland. Would definitely go again.
I just cannot say enough about this place. It is the bomb for good, authentic Indonesian food. I don't know why Indonesian food has such a hard time in pdx getting established and staying in business. I guess most people are scared off by the spice level and the different textures and ingredients found in Indonesian food. We had the nasi campur with beef rendang and ayam goreng. All of the dishes were superb. The spice level was on point for authentic Indonesian food. The service is also really friendly and efficient. I hope they stay for a long time.
"I've never had Indonesian food in my life so I have absolutely nothing to compare this to except itself. We came here just wanting something different out of dinner. This spot delivered. The flavors were a lot of fun and they did a great job of using their space (an awkward corner on burnside).

They had a few things going for them, first of all their portion sizes were not too small and not too big. Second they seemed to just do them and not worry about the rest of the city. Third the staff was actually nice. 

One thing that caught me by surprise was how dry the dishes were that we ordered. (Neither was curry) I'm not sure if that's an Indonesian thing or a just what we ordered thing. Either way, flavors were great. 

Discovering something about this cuisine and culture was a lot of fun. I'd definitely go back."
I am a big fan of everything I tried at Wajan.  I'm not familiar with Indonesian food, so I would liken my experience to trying Thai or Philippine food for the first time - it has a recognizably Asian structure, but creates a unique experience with the combinations of spices used.  My only quibble with our meal is based on my ignorance - the menu has excellent text descriptions of what is in each dish, but the names only appear in Indonesian, so I'm unlikely to be able to recognize and remember what I had the next time we visit.  That said, based on my first encounter, I'm likely to enjoy anything we may order here.  There were a small number of cocktails on the menu, but my wife and I each tried one at random, and were very pleased with what we had.
First time here, being a Dutch Indonesian growing up eating my moms cooking. All I can say is I'll be back!!! Flavors that remind me of my moms cooking. Definitely a worthwhile experience. Great service and fantastic authentic Indonesian food!!!
"Very good. Highly recommended. 
It was packed and there was a line and everyone was busy. But we got to sit at picnic table while the five of us waited for our table with beer (bintang, most popular probably the only local beer in Indonesia) in hand. They said the wait was 50 minute. But it seemed a lot sooner. 

Service was good. Host and staff (later found out was the co owner) was great. Our server was just alright. Not bad. Nothing to really complain about. He may just be a little out of it. Turned around and walked off a little too quickly before we got to complete our order. But no big deal. He was genuine and real, just being himself. And that can be a plus in its own way. 

Food was great. I lived  in indonesia for almost 2 decades. And the food there definitely brings me back and I was proud to show them off to my friends. 

Price is good for the amount. We shared everything and everyone was happy and pleased. 

Beer could be cheaper. $4 bintang (equal to Pabst) For a tiny can can be less. But no big deal, it's not a bar, duh! 

Everything we ordered was great. 
Except the peanuts with anchovies as appetizer was a little off. Since it's a dish cooked on a wok so it's a little greasy and wet, not like regular crunchy peanut, so eating it with out hands was a little strange. Maybe Kacang goreng Bali would be more appropriate for appetizer. 

Rendang was good. But still not on par to what rendang back home should be. But it's alright. My American friends don't know what it should be like and they were happy. 

The odd part is that the rendang is served with omelette. That's a bit strange. A side veggie would be more appropriate I think. Like curried collard maybe? 

Sambal was excellent. Everyone loved it. Need more of it! 

I wish all the best for this place and I would definitely return and spread the words. We NEED Indonesian restaurants in Portland."
"Will definitely go back. Rendang is awesome. My friend had the Green Curry, and it's delicious!
Happy tummy!"
"Great staff. Small seating. Good food but as an Indonesian the only thing that rang true was the fried bananas. 
Some dishes a bit too salty.  Peanut sauce could use more coconut cream to balance the salty. 
Great texture and temps.  Would love to see beef rendang.  Overall good spot."
We tried this restaurant a couple weeks ago and enjoyed our meal thoroughly. I got the nasi campur and the husband got the Ayam goreng kalasan. We also got the martabak telor mini to share, and this was my favorite part of the meal. It reminded me of samosa except the filling was eggs instead of potatoes. I loved the variety in the nasi campur but was not a fan of the tempeh, and the husband loved his fried chicken. The service was top notch. Overall, we loved our experience and are very happy to have found a yummy Indonesian restaurant in Portland.
"This is my first experience with Indonesian food and it was a good one. I have no idea whether the food is ""authentic"" or not, but it was really good, which is all that matters in my book. I used their online ordering to do curbside pickup and the process was seamless and quick. The food was hot, flavorful, and presented nicely considering it was takeout. I would love come again in the future."
"I've eaten here a couple times and gotten taken out several times since Covid. It is always delicious. Wajan just makes me so happy. I used to live outside Jakarta and this is the real deal Indonesian food. 

Every dish I've tasted is delicious, but I love the rujak serut, nasi campur, and gado gado. I highly recommend ordering a side of sambal with your meal too. Portland is lucky to have this place."
Enak sekali! This place is so good. I lived in Indo for 8 years and I'm so excited that there's finally a restaurant here to enjoy all my old favorites. Everything we tried was fantastic, I highly recommend it.
The food, the drinks, the staff, the environment, all incredible. This is a solid 5 stars. Everything about it, Portland has an amazing Indonesian restaurant now and you won't find anything like it around. Go!
EXCELLENT! Finally an Indonesian restaurant that serves true Indonesian cuisine. Every aspect of WAJAN makes you feel you are in Indonesia. With Batik tables tops, to all the little features thru-out the place that were thought about, make the experience perfect. The food, was excellent. I went with native Indonesians and they also thought the food was spot on. I loved the spice and we just kept ordering more and more food. Had to try as much as we could. The prices for the food are great and you get the homemade touch that is worth every penny. The fact that WAJAN actually was able to get get Bin Tang beer blew my mind. It is an Indonesian beer that you simply cannot find in America. But WAJAN has it! A cool refreshing beer that just adds to the experience of WAJAN. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!. Do not miss out on WAJAN. Feny came out to meet us between her hustling in the kitchen making sure every dish was the way she wanted you to have it. She is a friendly chef/owner that wanted to make sure her restaurant gives a fantastic representation of Indonesia. She nails it on so many levels. There is sitting inside and outside, a small bar too you can sit at as well. They are busy so expect a little bit of a wait. But the wait is because this little jewel is becoming known for the excellent food and experience. We waited about 15 mins because we have a 4 top and wanted to sit outside. Worth the wait! Do yourself a favor and get to WAJAN ASAP!
"So happy to have Wajan in the neighborhood. It's got a great vibe and the food is delicious. The experience was especially awesome because the owner/chef Feny was delivering her own cooking to our table. It was sweet to meet her and enjoy the food that's been significant to her family.

I got the Nasi Campur! It was a delicious and beautiful meal. I'm really excited to return and try more dishes. 

Come visit Wajan and give them some love!"
"I'm a big Asian food fan but haven't had much Indonesian food and this did not disappoint! They have a selection of specialty drinks along with entrees, shareable apps, and two desserts. 
I wanted to try everything on the menu but ended up getting the Martabak Telor and Sate chicken for apps. The first was freshly fried and oily, nothing too fancy but tasty. The latter was different than other satee that I've had at Thai places, it had a richer sauce that was lathered onto the skewers and was topped with fried shakers. For mains we got the Nasi Campur with Ayam Goreng (chicken), Nasi Uduk with Rendang (beef). Both dishes come with coconut rice, a fried hard boiled egg and some side veggies, so they had a nice variety. Both meats were flavorful and tender, the chicken was like an Asian style jerk chicken and the beef was slightly curry flavored. The additions made the meal pricier but were definitely worth it and it was more than enough food for three people.
The shave ice dessert dessert was also a fan favorite. Super refreshing on a warm day and unique in that it has jackfruit, coconut meat, and avocado slices. 
The only thing I was unsure about was the 'pink drink' made from soda, pandas syrup, and condensed milk. It tasted kind of like a liquid candy of some sort. I had to try it once and it was fine but I'm not sure I'd get it again. Overall very satisfied with the restaurant. 
Bonus, they have a nice patio where they allow dogs to come. (The server even brought out a water bowl without being asked)."
Really enjoyed a visit to Wajan! It was great to go with a big group, we all were able to get what we wanted (some meat dishes and some vegan). We enjoyed everything we tried and the prices were very affordable! Look forward to visiting again.
Amazing portions with a good variety of flavors. Coffee was decent and the food was spicy. Quick service and the decor is quite lovely. Will definitely come back to try more of the menu!
"I just found out about this lovely place and was sooooo excited to try it.  I lived in Singapore and Malaysia and have traveled extensively in SE Asia.  The region's food is high on my list of favorites and I've missed Indonesian and Malay food a LOT!  It is so unique!  
I cannot recommend this place highly enough!  The food was soooooo yummy!  They even serve Rojak which I simply love!!   We had multiple dishes and each one was just how I remembered and so delightful!  Try Wajan for a different Asian food experience."
"This is our visit to thr restaurant.  As A person born and raised in Indonesia which also like to try
Different food from various places in Indonesia, having found an Indonesian restaurant in Portland is a joy from heaven.  

I can assure you. The food is authentic indonesian food, not fusion or americanized.  Even the decoration and background music are also authentic indonesian styles.

We ordered nasi uduk with ayam kalasan, nasi rames, and soto medan.  For the appetizers, we ordered teh susu, jus alpukat and es mili, while klepon for the dessert.  Most of them were really good, especially soto medan and the appetizer.  My daughter said the milo was kind of bland (needs more susu).

Overall,  the foods were really good.  The downsides are hard to find parking (parking space is very limited) and little too pricey.

Update:
On our second visit to the restaurant, we ordered Some daily specials from the chef: soto ayam emping (chicken soup), lontong sayur, and bubur ayam (chicken congee), avocado juice and jamu beverage (warm drink with palm sugar, ginger and some other spices).  This time, although the foods were still good, but I felt the spices were less strong.  Probably the chef tried to adjust with ""bule"" tongue."
Decided to try this place and step outside the box so to speak.  Our waiter was Chris and he was so attentive to our needs and explained all the different foods since I never really tried Asian cuisine.   The dishes I tried were really good and the chicken skewers were delicious.   Would recommend this and loved the quiet atmosphere.
Flavor was there just very SPICY. We had a table with Chinese, Vietnamese and Indian background that couldn't take the heat. Most of it was biting into a piece of chili that was hiding in the entree. All in all delicious but spendy for the portion size.
"It's most likely no surprise that, at least in Portland, Indonesian food is a great unknown.  In the 40 years I've lived here, I've seen Indonesian restaurants come and go, some good, some not so much so.  And in a city where Thai tends to be the popular incarnation of Asian food, Indonesian food ranks far below beneath any of the other options.

Having said that, having two Indonesian restaurants in Portland can only be a welcome treat.  Set aside the thought that the offerings of these two restaurants are the same - they're not. Of the two, Wajan comes closer to the food that I enjoyed while living in Indonesia for seven years.

This isn't to say that the food isn't ""authentic"".  Indonesia has over 17,000 islands.  With a country whose national motto is ""Unity in Diversity"", you can easily expect to find 17,000 diverse recipes for the same dish.  But we're fortunate that the menus aren't 17,000 items long.  Wajan has distilled their menu down to a reasonable length and many of their dishes are familiar and welcome.

Eight of us descended on Wajan (I keep typing ""Wayan"" - I'll get over that soon) around 7 on a Sunday evening.  When we got there, all outside seating was full, we were shortly seated inside.  The batik-motiffed tables and the shadow puppets and drawings on the walls certainly engendered a familiarity that made the location welcoming.  And finding Bir Bintang (albeit a Pilsner) on the menu made me seriously smile.  I haven't had Bintang since I used to buy litres of it from the stand at the end of my street in Jakarta.  And it wasn't cold then - we'd buy a chunk of ice that the vendor hacked off of a larger chunk and it cost extra.

For our meal, we selected the Rendang, the Nasi Uduk and the Nasi Campur, and the Gado-Gado.  We'd also asked for a couple orders of Krupuk, some Tempeh and some chicken Sate.

While there was some disagreement about the level of ""Indonesian"" in our meal (one of our group had also spent quality time in Indonesia but felt that the food in her Indonesian enclave in Philadelphia was superior), I believe that this is the closest I've had to enjoying an Indonesian meal since the little restaurant in Banks, Oregon was open - and that was around 1980.

The Rendang was outstanding.  Flavor and texture were spot on.  The deep-fried hard boiled egg in the Nasi Campur tickled me with it's spicy chili sauce.  The level of heat in all of the meal was excellent, and that of the additional sambals we ordered made me seriously sweat.  But that's the point, isn't it?

Wajan is a spot that I'll gladly return to.  They still have a bit of growing pains but it's certainly nice to have such a treat of a restaurant available to enjoy here in Portland.  Total bill was $83 and change, plus tip."
"Being half Indonesian, wherever I travel to, I will always be on the look out for Indonesian cuisine. Portland is one city I frequent, and I am glad they finally have a decent Indonesian restaurant. First discovered Wajan in December of 2019, and have been hooked since!

Currently Wajan is offering curbside pickup, and curbside dining. For curbside dining, there are plenty of tables to choose from and plenty of space to social distance from other diners. 

My go to meal when at Wajan is Nasi Uduk, and always almost have to order the bakwan jagung and teri kacang. 

- Nasi Uduk- Coconut rice with the following: Telor balado (deep fried hard boiled egg in sweet and spicy chili sauce), acar kuning (pickled vegetables in turmeric peanut sauce), tempe orek (sweet and spicy stir fried tempe), krupuk aci (large tapioca cracker). I ordered with ayam goreng (fried chicken)

- Bakwan Jagung- Deep fried corn fritters

- Teri kacang- Sweet and spicy mix of peanuts and anchovies

Also recommended is the Nasi campur ordered with a side of Babi Kecap (pork belly and potatoes).

Nasi Campur- Plain white Rice with the following: Telor terong balado (deep fried hard boiled egg and chinese eggplant in sweet and spicy chili sauce), sayur nangka (curried jackfruit and long bean), tempe orek (sweet and spicy stir fried tempe), krupuk aci (large tapioca cracker)

Wajan will always be my go to spot when in Portland. Decent price, friendly service, and great portions!"
"Having enjoyed lots of Indonesian food during many trips to Amsterdam, I was excited to discover that Portland finally has two Indonesian restaurants. A friend who also loves Indonesian food joined me and we decided to experience Wajan first. 

It's a small but very quaint restaurant decorated in spice colors. There are murals on the wall, dark cinnamon and brown print on the tables in the small dining area, a separate bar, and several picnic tables outside for when the weather permits. Small china dishes in various prints and tiny tin cups really add to the charm. 

The adult drink menu is very limited so don't go expecting a full bar. We both drink red wine and there was just one option, a Pinot Noir which was fine. We ordered the Martebak, a fried egg pancake, as appetizer and it arrived super fast and looked beautiful with a hot green pepper on top for decoration. However, it was really greasy even after we patted it with some of the paper napkins on the table. Other than the oily fried flavor, I couldn't taste anything. 

For dinner we ordered the Nasi Uduk which is a plate of assorted proteins and veggies. We added chicken which was a fried thigh that was very dry. On the platter was a lot of jasmine rice, a deep fried egg (which neither of us ate), fried tempeh (no flavor), Chinese eggplant with a spicy chili sauce (very good) and pickled jackfruit (didn't care for flavor or texture.) it also had a large circular tapioca cracker which tasted similar to a rice cake. Overall the dish was bland, the only flavor was the sauce on the eggplant. I wish they put the sauce over the entire dish. Between the two of us, we left half. 

We also shared the Rendang Sapi, a dish centering on braised beef in a spicy curry. The beef was tender and flavorful. This dish also came with a very large portion of Jasmine rice topped with an omelette. I didn't really taste the grated coconut in the description; I wish I did as I love coconut in my savory meals. This was a nice dish, nothing I would crave enough to come back for, but it satisfied us. 

The waiter was superb. Courteous, friendly, efficient - everything you admire in an outstanding service person. 

We enjoyed our evening because we hadn't seen each other in awhile and had a lot of catching up to do. As far as the meal, it was just OK.  Based on the reviews, we were expecting food that had an abundance of spice and flavor, which we didn't experience. 

We will give the other Indonesian restaurant a try next time."
This is a wonderful new addition to the Portland dining scene ! The food is excellent- very authentic Indonesian dishes and very attentive staff. I will be back often.
I've been watching as the folks here built the restaurant. Then I was watching as great review after great review followed their opening. And finally, today, I came to Wajan for dinner with a friend and OMG. Layers of flavor, and spice, and texture, and yum. Oh yes, do go and taste for yourself. Totally wonderful.
"This is our visit to the restaurant.  As a person born and raised in Indonesia which also like to try
Different food from various places in Indonesia, having found an Indonesian restaurant in Portland is a joy from heaven. 

I can assure you. The food is authentic indonesian food, not a fusion nor americanized.  Even the decoration and background music is also very indonesian. The decoration is dominated with drawings and puppets of ""wayang"" (characters in javanese folklore).  The background songs were of indonesian singers (I only recognized one of them, Chrisye).

We ordered nasi uduk (rice cooked with coconut milk and spices) with ayam (chicken) kalasan, nasi rames (rice with various condiments), and soto (soup) medan.  For the appetizers, we ordered teh susu (milk tea), jus alpukat (avocado smoothie topped with chocolate milk) and es milo (milo with milk, with ice], while klepon for the dessert.  Most of them were really good, especially soto medan and the appetizer.  My daughter said the milo was kind of bland (she said it needed more susu [milk]).

The waiters were nice and suprisingly knew the names and ingredients already, although the restaurant was just open recently (just about a month, I guess).

Overall,  the food was really good.  The downsides are parking (parking space is very limited, good luck finding a spot during busy hours) and the food is relatively more pricey than I thought."
"Finally! An authentic Indonesian restaurant that is made by people who know what they are doing. Wajan has done an amazing job representing Indonesian food and culture, and as an Indonesian, I am proud. 

If you know anything about Indonesian food, the ingredients are hard to come by in the states and food prep is tiresome, grueling labor. Which is why I'm so impressed in what they have accomplished. Wajan doesn't water down the flavors, they don't cut corners, nor does it shy from challenging you with dishes you normally won't see on the menu. There is no room for compromise in Indonesian cuisine, and Wajan executes each dish with passion.

I had the Nasi Campur, Gorengan, and Klepon... All of them instantly reminded me of flavors and textures I have been looking for so long that other fusion restaurants never seem to nail. I wanted to eat the whole menu after the first bite, so I got more to go 

I look forward to more meals at Wajan in the future. Thank you!!"
"Bali, Indonesia has to be one of my favorite places in the entire world - I spent an entire month there in each of the past two years, so I'd like to think that I can make a fair judgment when it comes to authentic Indonesian food. 

Overall, I can appreciate the concept of Wajan - especially considering it's the only Indonesian restaurant in Portland (that I'm aware of) - but that being said the food fell flat from what I was hoping for. 

I'd say it was more of Indonesian street food vs what you would have in a traditional warung (Indonesian restaurant). There were a lot of flavors, ingredients, textures and spices missing from our Nasi Campur. The Gado Gado and Sambal also fell short. The corn fritter appetizer was the most disappointing- it was extremely greasy on the outside and undercooked on the inside. 

Not the Indonesian nostalgic experience we were hoping for but at least they did serve Bintang (Indonesian beer) which made the experience more enjoyable. 

The service was good too, but overall I wouldn't come back and probably wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
Authentic Indonesian food!   If you have been to Indonesia and loved the food you can't miss this place.
Finally a real Indonesian restaurant is just opened.  An authentic Indonesian food.  They patio you can seat outside.  They have a nice decoration and nice people too. The rendang , nasi campur, ayam kalasan and more, they all are good.  The sambal... is real Indonesian sambal.  The food taste delicious.  They just opened last week and I have been there twice.  Next week after their grand opening they will have more menus and more desserts.
great authentic, delicious Indonesian food. especially the beef rendang is very flavorful!!  great service and reasonably priced.  expect to wait for seat on weekends
Have happily been here 3 times already.  I've been waiting many years for authentic Indonesian cuisine to come to Portland, so, kudos to the Indonesian chef-owner Feny who used to operate a food cart!  I love the variety, quality and authenticity of the food and decor here.  Prices are also reasonable.  Culinary favorites so far are the Sate Babi skewers (1st time in ages to find such tender pork belly cooked in traditional SE Asian style), Emping crackers, Teh with Susu, Nasi Campur / Uduk with authentic Sumatran beef rendang, sambal chili, and Klepon dessert (I've posted pics of all these). Staff are friendly.  Enjoy!
"My partner and I wanted to try a new restaurant, so we stopped in to Wajan to check out the situation. The menu was small (one page), but the restaurant was still fairly new and finding it's footing. The decor was CUTE, and I loved the ambiance of the place. The service was excellent, and we had a good meal together--we had the Babi Kentang and the Soto Ayam Medan. Both were good. We also tried the dessert, which was good, but nothing to write home about.

I'd definitely like to come back to check out the newly expanded menu."
"Finally, an authentic Indonesian restaurant!

I settled into their inviting bar with the milk-punch koktail - port, tea, Batavia Arrack, lime, sugar - which had great flavor, but was a bit ice heavy. 

Rendang (along with Nasi Goreng) is Indonesia's most popular dish and it was excellent here.  Surprisingly, it came with a large omelette and Green Chile paste.  We ordered a side of sambel which turned out to be deliciously mouth burning hot.  Portion is fair for one.

The Nasi Campur is the first entree listed and it consists of a medley of goodness, be sure to add some their delicious rendang, fried chicken, or pork for just a little extra.

Unlike most Indonesian restaurants they considered presentation and ambiance with such attention to detail: artwork, table decor, plates, down to the little container that holds your bill.  And there's patio seating.

Their Indonesian sweet tea on ice has become an instant favorite.

The pandan rice dessert is the way I remember it.

I'm gonna work the menu once it expands. 

Service was excellent. The owner is delightful!"
Very delicious!  My Dutch-Indonesian father and I approve.  I absolutely loved the sate babi.  We also loved the gado-gado, beef rendang, and ayam goreng.  Oh, and the ice tea with sweetened condensed milk was really refreshing, but ask for not too much ice.  Next time I go, I'm looking forward to trying the nasi campur .
What a treat! This was my first experience trying Indonesian food and I would say it was very flavorful and satisfying.  The atmosphere invites you into what I would imagine a small Indonesian restaurant feels like. The food was delightful. Try the soto medan and the sate ayam. I would definently go back.
Delicious!!!! Just got back from a yummy meal here. Chill outside area with picnic tables, friendly quick service. Tried a bunch of things - everything was great. Definitely going back
Was so delicious! I had my friends order for me because I have only had Indonesian food once before. But everything was delicious and so tasty! We shared the Nasi Uduk and Nasi Campur and they were great. Just the perfect amount of spice and flavor. Great seating outside and a covered area for when it rains. Would definitely return in the future!
I am an Indonesian who happened to pass over Portland. This place is a gem! I think this is the best Indonesian food that I have tried in the US so far! The spice in their gorengan tempe mendoan was spot on and the beef rendang reminded me of home! Portland is lucky to have this place!
"Vegetarian dish was very small. Did not come with rice. $14 is a lot for a small plate of food in Portland. I'm a small person... was far from filled after that meal. I had to get a side of rice since the meal did not come with rice. The $14 includes the rice. The food itself was decent. Pretty bummed out because the reviews were all amazing. 

We waited a while to be seated. We were passed by many waitstaff and they kept ignoring us, even though there was open seating. We almost left. We wanted to give it a try though. 

Overall it was ok. Definitely not a 4.5. Solid 3.5."
Sooo good. Easy parking, great food, great service, great ambiance. Lots of options if your gluten free or vegetarian. I also noticed vegan options. I'll definitely be back!
Hidden Indonesian gem in Portland! Good authentic food and decoration, very good service, solid Indonesian playlist, and, most importantly, they have Bintang Beer!
"To date, we hadn't enjoyed Indonesian cuisine though it had been on our radar for a while. We grabbed takeout while visiting some and we're hooked!

This spot and Gado Gado were the ones on our radar and we picked here because it seemed, based on our friends experience, a little more low key. The building is pretty simple and on a corner lot, which made getting in and out easy.

We grabbed quite the smattering of dishes as we were feeding 9 of us. I can plainly state that it was all excellent! The Nasi campur with its fried hard boiled egg was delightful! The Ayam Goreng had some great bone in chicken and was amazingly flavorful- in addition, it packed some heat! The Bubur Ayam was also a hit - a savory porridge with Tumeric and chicken - it went well with the wheat noodle Bakmie!

The Pork Sate and Gorengan (Fritters) were both drool worthy and we were glad we ordered extra!

The spice level went from a little to ""Very very spicy"". It was great flavorful spice and not Just hurt the next day spice! 

This is a cool spot serving some great food and it definitely worth a stop to check out!"
Simply one of the best meals I have had, particularly in Portland (and that is saying something). I am excited about everything on the menu. And the owner/chef is an absolute delight. Visit Wajan and become a regular.
"Really great food and flavor! Very easy process with ordering and pick-up during COVID-19. And the staff was very friendly!

I will definitely be coming back! It was so delicious!"
So much flavor, great spot and decor, only confusing thing was if we were supposed to park in the parking lot or not.  Regardless, the food and prices were amazing.
I think this is a good restaurant to try Indonesian flavors. We ordered one of their traditional rice dishes and added the beef, the beef was flavored and seasons really well. The other dish was a curry soup dish. I wouldn't say anything was blow me out of the water, but I was very satisfied with the meal and I think the price point is very reasonable. Definitely worth a try if you've never had Indonesian
Had dinner here on our last day in Portland and loved everything we tried. This place is AMAZING! The food is delicious, and if you love spice you'll love this even more. And it's not just spicy for no reason, it's so flavorful. This was easily my favorite meal not only in Portland but in the span of a 10 day road trip. I would recommend this to anyone, especially if you've never tried Indonesian food. The price is right and staff is helpful and kind. I hope to be back! We ordered the Yellow Curry (Kari Ayam), the Rendang Sapi, and the Martabak Telor. All super delicious.
"Best meal of the year! 
Busy Saturday night and the staff was great at moving tables around to accommodate everyone as quickly as possible. Our server had a great dry sense of humor.
All out dishes were great. But sweet lord, get the porridge."
"Indonesian food is hard to find in Portland but now we have a great place to get authentic food. Get here before the hipsters find out, they will fill this place up faster than you can say ""pour-over coffee"". They still have the soft opening menu but more delicious items are coming soon. 

Do not skip the sweet tea, it will brighten your day better than your favorite inspirational that you never live by.

Enjoy the new neighborhood hot spot!"
Wajan expanded their hours Sat & Sun to 12 (Noon) to 9pm. I arrived a little early on Saturday Aug 3rd 2019 and happened to meet an Indonesian man Tim, and his daughter Belle; Since this was my first time at an Indonesian restaurant I asked to sit with them. When they opened, the three of us were seated promptly, and shortly after we ordered. The food arrived quickly and was delicious. We would definitely return and try other dishes.
"Good service
food was good 
Decent prices 
Its was a beautiful day to sit out side .
We ordered 7 dishes for 4 of us to sample 
The food I wasn't disappointed 
My fiancee is Indonesian she liked the dishes .
If you like hot bring your own sambal 
They charge 1.50 for a tea-table spoons of home made sambal j know it's a lot of work but they could offer rooster sauce as a option ."
I really liked my Nasi Campur.  Added the fried chicken which was perfect.  Love a good plate with lots of interesting sides.  Perfect for COVID take out!
"This is a super cute, unassuming, hole in the wall place. Small, but not shoe box sized restaurant. I arrived at 5:45 on a Thursday and we easily got a table for three. But, not 30 minutes later and it was completely full. We started with the pork skewers, super yummy! All three of us got something different and we were all satisfied with our dish. I do recommend one of the sampler type entrees if you want to try a wide array of things. Definitely ask your server for recommendations and a better description of dishes if you are unsure of what to order. Of note is that most all of their dishes are spicy! So, perhaps if you don't enjoy spice, inquire as to whether a dish can be made mild. 

I also recommend getting some of their spicy sauces on the side because they are bomb.com and all made in house. My dish which included beef in a dry curry, rice and an egg was amazing! So much flavor and the beef was falling apart. My dinner companions who got the pork belly with their dishes thoroughly enjoyed that too! I tried it and it was good. Wajan is super cute, delicious, and their staff is really friendly!"
Tasty food! Large portions that are affordable. Our group was able to find a varying selection of meat, vegetarian and vegan options to share. Great place to check out and enjoy an evening!
I loved the patio seating it was so cute! A very beautiful area to hangout. The food was good. Has a kick to it. Over all I gave it a 4 because I think in general I didn't think everything paired well together but I don't know if that's how the traditional food is prepared. I did like the experience to try something different.
Plenty of picnic tables for outdoor dining AND delicious food! I'd never eaten there before so I ordered Nasi Campur based on the helpful server's recommendation and it was amazing. Eating outside during COVID felt very safe, clean, and socially distanced, so kudos to them. The 10 or so picnic tables have green cones to indicate which ones have been sanitized and are ready for you (I think only one table wasn't). The pork belly was fantastic and I'll definitely be back to try a cocktail too!
Enjoyed the food here so much that went back twice while I was at a conference, and took food to go to avoid airport food on my journey back home. Such a treasure in Portland.
I'm so happy they've opened! This is a lovely new restaurant filling a good-restaurant gap in the area. Friendly staff, delicious food, I'll definitely be back.
"Indonesian is fairly new cuisine to me as far as trying variety. This was a great time to come in and expand my palette and with some many  choices, it was hard to choose. 

You walk inside to a warm and inviting place and sit down at small tables with oilcloth tablecloths. You can order snacks ala cart or pick from the menu with platters or singular items. So definitely variety and a fun place to go with a small group.

It was a bunch of different textures and flavors from the tempeh, to the shredded beef rendang and more, hard to compare to anywhere else since Gado Gado has a different vibe.

Yum don't skip dessert! It's fruit and coconut milk goodness."
Delicious food with outdoor seating.  The host and waiter was patient with our plethora of questions.  The food is full of flavor and felt good after we left.
"My friend and I stopped by for dinner one night. Although the place was relatively empty (not surprising in times of covid), there was a sready line of people picking up take out orders which is a good sign.

We sat down for outdoor dining and they were super accommodating in starting the heater for us. We had the popiah, nasi campur and the babi kentang. Everything was served pretty quickly but waa extremely well made! We especially enjoyed the popiah and the babi kentang and devoured it once it was put in front of us."
"My wife found Wajan and has been meaning to this this place out so we ordered takeout on their user-friendly online website. We ordered the Nasi Campur ($13), Kari Ayam ($13), and Sate Ayam ($7.50). Pickup was a breeze because they had everything packed up neatly in a bag.

Nasi Campur - This dish includes rice, telor terong balado (deep fried hard boiled egg), sauteed eggplant, sayur nangka (curried jackfruit), tempe orek (stir fried tempeh), and a crunchy tapioca cracker. I've never tried tempe before, but it was so delicious. I would compare it to crispy tofu. It was flavorful in a sweet and spicy sauce. The rice was cooked well with little bits of onion crunchies on top. I was expecting the curried jackfruit to have a tart taste, but it tasted like a curried potato. The one disappointment was the deep fried egg, which I was expecting a crispy batter. But the exterior was thin and soft - didn't have a crispy texture. The tapioca cracker was a nice palate cleanser and added a good crunch.

Kari Ayam - This dish includes rice or rice noodles (your choice) with spicy yellow curry, boneless chicken breast, golden baby potatos, green onions, crispy bean chips. The spicy curry added a great kick of spicy after sipping it. It was like a broth rather than a curry sauce. The chicken was a bit chewy, but flavorful from the curry. Unfortunately, they gave us a side of rice instead of the rice noodles we chose. I didn't realize this until we got home so I recommend double checking your orders. 

Sate Ayam - These were char-broiled chicken skewers topped with peanut sauce and cucumber relish. You get three skewers and each was full of great flavor from the spread of peanut sauce and tart from the pickled cucumbers. Since they grill the skewers using small wooden sticks, I noticed that some bits of wood splinters stick to the inner part of the chicken skewers. So be cognizant of when you bite and pull the chicken meat off the skewers."
"Indonesia food is very rare to find in Portland. Pretty much all places that I knew were closed. I was very excited to know this was opened last year. I went here 4 times already, and I feel the food is as authentic as you could get here. Price is reasonable considering the amount of work you'd need to put into. Indonesian food takes time to prepare. 

I've tried almost everything by now, and my favorite dish here is Nasi Campur with added Rendang or Babi Kentang. I also like a side of Tempe Mendoan or Teri Kacang to go with it. Beware that the spiciness level is a true Indonesian spicy, so try a little first! For dessert, can't go wrong with Es Teler.

I haven't been there for a while but I'll definitely visit them again. I need to support Indonesian food in Portland. :)"
"OMG the food here is amazing.  I was going here in person before the shutdown, but now I have to do delivery :(
But their delivery was fast, even for Saturday night! Less than a half hour."
Wow - one of the best meals I've had this year. The Rendang Sapi was so ridiculously flavorful and perfect even as take out after a 25 minute drive home. Also had the Bakmie (SPICY) and a side of Acar Kuning - omg. Can't wait to try these all again and everything else on the menu.
I absolutely love this place. And they are doing it right during the pandemic. I urge people to help out our hospitality friends by ordering take away as much as you feel you can afford and do so safely. I had the nasi campur with beef rendang and chicken ayam. We also got gado gado and pork sate. Everything was just fantastic. Indonesian food does very well as a take away and Wajan is definitely the best Indonesian in Portland without any doubt.
"Ordered from their website last night for curbside pickup and this was hands down my best meal in months! We ordered:
1) Rendang Sapi: Incredibly tender and flavourful braised beef in a dry curry with omelette, rice, and Sambal- I could eat this every day and be happy.
2) Kari Ayam: Delicious yellow curry with rice noodles, chicken, and potatoes. The ultimate comfort food and the curry was just so full of flavour!
3) Bubur Ayam: Big fan of the fried garlic on this savory porridge- definitely some tasty comfort food.
4) Sate Ayam: better than any other chicken satay you've had- and I love the peanut sauce and pickled veggies. 
5) All the Sambals (yes, we like spicy so we wanted to sample all the chili sauce varieties).

Highly recommend and you can order on their website for pickup then drive up, call them to let them know you're outside, and they'll bring the food to your car. Definitely ordering from here again!"
"Honestly one of the best restaurant i ever been to. They have many good variety of plates such as Mondi , Coropo such as the pictures above 
Try it . You will not be disappointed. 5 stars is less than what they deserve."
Delicious Indonesian food that was loved and approved of by my Indonesian-born in-laws. The portions are generous and the server was nice. Would go again!
Excellent customer service and ambiance. The staff were very corteous. Food was interesting as this was our first time trying Indonesian cousine.
Again this restaurant did not disappoint me, totally wonderful with the bonus of a great servers and services.So the mixed time my entree was the beef and fried rice that were presented and cooked to perfection as much as other stuffs. Definitely, go back again to this restaurant.
Very good food with less than desired portion size. Didn't have soup nor salad option when we came.  Overall not bad.
"If you're looking for authentic Indonesian food and you're in the Orlando area this is the place for you. 

If you're not familiar with this type of food please stop by and give yourself a chance to savor this authentic cuisine at the best in the area.

Great food with great service, you won't regret it!"
Enjoyed our food here. The nasi goreng and the beef redang are fantastic! Well be back.
OMG! This is by far one of the best Indonesian food I've ever tried. I started with the vegetable dumplings, they were fresh and crispy, better with the dipping sauce. The main dish (Vegetable Mixed plate) was very tasty, I didn't even missed the meat. FELIX r a dessert I tried the baklava, fresh made and delicious. This is a family business, so the owner came to say hi and asked about my experience. Great people, great customer service. You have to try it.
Very impressed.  We went to visit as the result of reading others' positive reviews, but were still surprised at what a wonderful experience we had there.  Very friendly people making us feel comfortable and welcome in an otherwise unfamiliar setting.  I don't know Indonesian food other than super fancy rijsttafel (I looked up how to spell it) restaurants serving amazing food I can't believe ordinary people eat day to day.  The food here is something you can believe real Indonesian people actually eat when they want to eat some food.   Still exotic and unlike what you would get in any other restaurant, but not extravagant.  The only negative was how hard it was to find the restaurant.  With an address on International Drive and Google Maps, it should have been easy to find, but it is tucked away with no sign sticking out into the air.  We were just about to give up (or at least call the restaurant to get some idea where we should be) when we arrived at the front door.  Calling for help is probably a good idea.
"Wow, what a find!
On an overnight before a cruise we have this place a try.  So glad!  They had a monster shareable sampler platter that blew us away.  Kuffta potatoes were tasty, and the baklava was excellent.
The staff was nice and helpful and the prices were accurate.  A little off the beaten path, but worth it if you're near Universal."
Came with my family, very nice. Our kids (9 and 7) both though it was great. Order the mixed platter to try a bit of everything.
We shared a meal for 2. It was delicious and enough for both of us! The small cubes of beef and coconut chick2n we my favs (sorry! I can't remember the proper names of the dishes).
"By far one of the best food I have had in a long while. Truly a hidden gem. They had Asian and middle eastern food and every single dish I tried tasted amazing and was cooked to perfection. 
The price seems to be underestimated, it was pretty cheap for such freshly cooked, high quality food that is full of flavor.
I tried their buffet tonight and everything was very good and freshly cooked.
The service also was very friendly, accommodating and the place was clean and had a relaxing vibe to it.
They also had different drinks that I haven't tried before that were very good such as Vemto (raspberry flavored) and Soobia (made out of malt and cinnamon and other ingredients).
I definitely recommend it, and they gained me as a loyal customer. Absolutely, loved it."
I am so glad I tried this place. The food was great, very flavorful and definitely tasted fresh and like it was homemade. My favorite part was meeting the owners and their family, such kind and wonderful people. It's a joy to have such a unique and wonderful restaurant in Orlando. If you haven't tried Indonesian food, this would be a great place to start.
"Restarant was small and out of the way but staff was nice. From California but worked in Middle East for years missing good Indonesian and Lebanese food. Delicious and they gave us a couple of appetizer tastes knowing we enjoyed the food. 

We had long conversation about where we and the host have lived and will go back. Food was good, nothing fancy but just what we were looking for. If you like cultural experiences well worth the visit."
great food and service. The beef shrimp and lamp barbecue are must try. They even give us ice cream for free. We definitely would visit again next Orlando trip
Great Indonesian and Arabic food. Try mandi (highly recommended) . Another plate that we tried was the Indonesian mix and chicken sati and it was really good. Also the staff were very friendly, and the place looks nice and clean. I would come again for sure.
Great spot for delicious meats. Took the family (2 adults, 3 kids under 6) here for dinner. We got Sambal Beef with Soy sauce, chicken Satay and Rending Chicken and jasmine rice. Food was amazing. Chicken satay was super tender -- a must have, comparable to our trip to Malaysia. The Sambal beef was also very good. Service staff was super friendly with our kids and decor is also nice and redone. Spot can be a bit hard to find off of I-drive but definitely worth searching this spot out!
Amazing authentic home style food. We really enjoyed dinner there. And the owners are super attentive and will do their best to make it perfect. We are definitely going back.
"Don't let the strange name dissuade you from eating here. 

To be honest, we almost didn't go because of that.

We ordered the Data, which was average, but we would have loved if they had it lamb (they only had beef and chicken)

What was amazing was the combo, a nice selection of Indonesian dishes, served with basmati rice.

Definitely recommended."
Good service, quiet and nice environment to eat in. Food is really good! Food came out pretty quick, we had 3 people total with us and it was really nice.
"By far one of the best food I have had in a long while. Truly a hidden gem. They had Asian and middle eastern food and every single dish I tried tasted amazing and was cooked to perfection. 
The price seems to be underestimated, it was pretty cheap for such freshly cooked, high quality food that is full of flavor.
I tried their buffet tonight and everything was very good and freshly cooked.
The service also was very friendly, accommodating and the place was clean and had a relaxing vibe to it.
They also had different drinks that I haven't tried before that were very good such as Vemto (raspberry flavored) and Soobia (made out of malt and cinnamon and other ingredients).
I definitely recommend it, and they gained me as a loyal customer. Absolutely, loved it.


UPDATE:
I made a trip to Orlando this week cause I craved all the great flavors I initially tried.
They seem to like to change up their menu, have daily specials and introduce new and different flavors to keep their customers interested, with that being said, everything new I tried was still consistent with all the great flavors and spices."
Great food. It a has a very nice touch of the Arabic world food. Everything is super flavored and wonderful. I come here every week twice and I cant stop myself from coming. Everyone should try it.
Order the formoza one day ahead and you will be amazed. We didn't but still have the chance of tasting the best formoza ever due to the kindness if the people working there. All these happen in Christmas Eve. Thank God for loving us in every aspect.
I'm not sure how I feel about this restaurant. The taste was good. We came during dinner time and there was not a single customer in the entire restaurant. There was a table of staff members sitting when we entered. They were friendly, but the place was extremely quiet, it just felt weird and made us question how fresh is the food since the restaurant was empty during dinner time. Nothing tasted off or anything like that it just was so empty and so quiet, we ordered take out instead of dining in. Maybe it was just an odd night, but we haven't been back since. We might give it another try as it's been awhile since we visited.
We tried it the first day and ended up having our dinner everyday here during the stay!! It wasn't just the food but the service of making you feel special. I ordered the food and was told, quantity is more than the number of people having it, it's about the people , two brothers Basim and Basil who have taken this Restuarant to the next level with their service!! The quality of food is just awesome, fish, mandi and Mutton is highly recommended!! See you again on the next trip!!
This is the first time we ate at Worlds Magic Restaurant, we ordered Sate Ayam and Rending Beef which are Indonesian food. The taste is wonderful. The Chef and the server are friendly and nice. The Chef came to our table and asked how is the taste. I highly recommend Worlds Magic Restaurant. The Restaurant also clean. Price is okay.
"First time here. Halal on display. Indonesian food. Ambience and service good. 

Prices higher side. 

Chicken, beef satay 5 sticks per order excellent taste. They have mastered the peanut sauce recipe as never tasted it so fresh and refreshing. 

Dan dan fried beef with spicy sauce, too thin beef slices but not really appealing for south asian taste. 

Fried rice with chicken a little bit soggy but fresh and delicious with chicken bali. Although if I would go again I wd order chicken rice with chik and beef satay.

Manager owner gave complimentary excellent ice cream."
Very delicious. Excellent environment. The waiter gave us free dessert. Very nice food. Waiter is very nice and handsome. Music is good too
Came here from out  of town based on Yelp reviews. Great food. We ordered the Mandi which is not on the menu but was recommended by our server. The rice was great and the meat was extremely tender. We ordered the sampler which ended up being more than enough food for our party of four. Excellent staff and atmosphere. The bathrooms were clean and overall the ambience of the restaurant was great. A must try if you like good food and particularly if you want good halal food
"My family enjoyed this restaurant while vacationing in Orlando.  If you're at a theme park or convention and want to ""get off the reservation"" a bit and you like great food, then I recommend this place.

It's a great combination of Indonesian and Arabic food with wonderful flavors and really well cooked food.  We had chicken spring rolls and some delicious and very different shrimp crackers/toast.  Both were really good.  Next was an Indonesian platter to share which consisted of several different tender chunks of flavorful beef, pork, and chicken along with crisp green beans, pasta, rice, and potatoes.  There was a special Arabic lamb dish so we ordered one of those just so we would be assured of being uncomfortably full!  Both of these platters were served with moist and tender rice and were displayed beautifully.  My son had a banana spring roll dessert that was a perfect ending to the evening. 

We chatted with the guys a bit after dinner and they were super nice.  Clearly these folks first and foremost want to cook delicious authentic food for you.  Don't let the location fool you - this place is clean and modern inside.  The smells coming from the kitchen will make you hungry the minute you walk in!"
Excellent food and service!  Ingredients are so fresh and the food is right out of the oven! Very nice ambience too. Located on International Drive this is now our staple go to place!
"This place is actually my favorite in town..
If you really want some authentic food just go there.. the Indonesian mixed platter is a must to have!!"
The fried noodles were amazing! Nice atmosphere and friendly staff. Very good food overall and great options for vegetarians.
Fried noodle taste really Indonesia ....luv it ...i know the taste coz I am from Indonesia
Fabulous service! We decided to go here after a long day at Universal Studios. It's less than 2 miles from there. We didn't have to take the highway. Basim was gracious and hospitable. We were a group 4 adults and 8 children, all tired famished, he let us sit and enjoy our food until 45 mins after the restaurant had closed.
Awesome cuisine and great service. Very personal touch. Tried the sambal chicken..really good. Tea and dessert at the end gave a wonderful closure to the food.
The food was absolutely amazing. The customer service was stupendous! Highly recommend this to anyone trying some new food. Tried a couple of dishes and nothing disappointed. They go above and beyond to please their customers. Make sure to try the fried fish with tahini sauces and red sauce. The cheese dessert...don't skip it!
"We had a sampling of several dishes.  Sumbali chicken, redline chicken and a combination plate.  We enjoyed every bite.  More food than we could eat and looking forward to having our leftovers!  Had the chicken sate just to try.... wonderful and the sauce that came with it undeniably fabulous!  
Freshly made, quality food, wonderfully presented. Would come again!"
"*** Hands down the best restaurant
             I have ever been to***

                     Are you tired of servers slamming
                  the door in your face, giving you
                  a nasty look, or telling you they're closing?
                        Yes                          No
                          I                               I
                          I                               L Come to NYC,
                          I                                 you'd love it here.
        Do you wish the servers
       are friendly, fast and efficient?
                 I                 I
              Yes             No
                 I                 L You finally gave up on life, huh?  
                 I                                   I                    I
                 I                                 Yes                No
                 I                                    I                   I                                
                 I                    Can you put me    What gives?!
                 I                    in your will? XOXO
                 I
    Do you wish for the food to be inexpensive
    with justified portions and taste delicious?!?  
                         I                               I
                      Yes                           No
                         I                               I
              Do you like                     L Are you a baller?
                 free ice cream?                   I            I
                    I           I                          Yes        No
                    I           I                            I             L Bruhh...
                    I           I                   No wonder   
                 Yes        No
                   I            I
             ___j          You monster..
             I                    (You poor lactose
             I                         intolerant child)
    You've found your          
   perfect magical restaurant!

Summary:
On our arrival to Florida we decided to Lyft to this restaurant. Our driver had a bit of a hard time finding this place. It was between Buffalo Wild Wings and Pizza Hut, hidden away from the main road. We arrived around 9pm-ish to this restaurant and I admit, I was a bit worried seeing how there was only one couple dining in this restaurant. But worry not, we were seated immediately and provided a menu and a glass of water. The servers had no issue describing any dish we had questions about.

We ordered:
Mixed Indonesian Plate Dish  $25 -
Sayor Soup $4.99 - Shrimp, onion,  tomatoes, carrots, zucchini, potatoes, green beans and green onions

I did not realize that when we arrived, they were about to close and were already cleaning the kitchen (that explains the one couple..), so we felt pretty apologetic. I whispered to my partner that they were probably spitting in our food. They only had one chef, and explained that the dish we had ordered was Indonesian, while someone else ordered Mediterranean for take out. In the end, they felt sorry and apologized to us for the dish taking a while. Towards the end of the meal, they offered us free vanilla ice cream glazed with caramel and chocolate. Surprisingly enough, we did not finish our meal and had to take it to go, they even offered us a FREE bowl of rice! Such sweethearts.

Aside from the meal, the interior was beautiful ! Totally dig that clock behind the cashier.

We ended up going to Magic Kingdom & EPCOT, and watched the fireworks; they were amazing. :)

Hope this is mobile friendly!"
First time trying Indonesian / Saudi  food and it was  delicious !!!:) our server Basim was very nice ! We ordered the mixed dish and the chef went out of the way to separate the veggies from the meat since I'm a vegetarian! :) Also gave us free dessert as well! Will be back in the future !
Good food, reasonable speed and price, nice folks, clean appearance.  A winner!
"This place is really good, very flavor and what I ordered comes sizzling. The staff is very nice, I'd give it 5 stars except I assumed a Middle Eastern place would have larger portions that you can share and be full-er from. 

It's a great, clean, Halal restaurant. Highly recommend!"
"Orlando is a place filled with every chain restaurant known to man. Thank goodness for Worlds Magic Restaurant. 

It bills itself as an Indonesian Arabic restaurant. I was concerned that the only review from a fellow Indonesian warned against eating here. However, ethnic food is routinely toned down for American consumption.  I'm glad I decided to eat there. 

The menu is filled with familiar Indonesian dishes.  There's even a ""combination plate"" with small portions of popular dishes. I was going to order it, and my waiter felt it's a great way to have a variety of foods. However, he suggested I order the Arabic Lamb Specialty that was not on the menu.  I have had Indonesian food in New York and where I live. How often does one get the opportunity to eat Arabic food?  It was an easy decision. 

I was expecting grilled lamb similar to Lebanese food over steamed rice. What I got was lamb and rice cooked in an underground oven. The waiter said it gave the rice its slightly smoky flavor. I couldn't identify several spices used, but I can attest the result was outstanding. The lamb was soft tender and flavorful. The rice was typical very long grain rice. It has a subtle flavor that compliments the lamb. It was served with a tomato based sauce on the side. The sauce was too spicy for my taste but probably mild on the Indonesian hot scale. I felt it overwhelmed the complex seasoning of the lamb. The lamb was too good to hide its virtues with any sauce no matter how good the sauce may be. Truly an exceptional meal. 

I again trusted the waiter with the dessert. It was an orange colored cheese dish. The waiter told me to stop playing with my phone and eat it before it got cold. Love the guy. I'm not sure what was in it except some pistachios, but it was a wonderful new experience.  

Needless to say, my waiter was great!  I like people who are proud of their food and not afraid to push what's best.  

The waiter gave me the dessert with his compliments. He refused my offer to pay for it. 

If you're in Orlando to visit Mickey Mouse, skip the resort and chain restaurants. Experience something new and wonderful at Worlds Magic Restaurant!"
this looked like a weird place but had about 40 mins of wait time but once we sat down the food was just amazing we had the chicken mandi the indonesian mix plate and the mandi was really well done . The food took some time but the end result was food to die for . this is on my short list of places i would definitely come to again
It was a great experience and the food is good. I believe everyone should try it. Also the place is really good clean and organized
"The best Indonesian food in the United States. The Restaurant owned by a Saudi family which make it feels like home. The food was very fresh. It took a lot of time to prepare so be patient :)

We order mixed Indonesian for tow ( the big plate in the pic) which includes mix meet and vege.

Then an order of den den which is a fried beef with red sause and special flavors.

Finally we got the chicken safe which was very tender and Yammy. 

Must of the dishes made with peanuts so if you have any allergies don't forget to read the menu carefully.

The kenafa is good as a sweet to get a full Saudi/Indonesian experience in Orlando:)"
It was great food home made with a love, you will feel that when you eat this food, if you want to see a combination between East of Asia and a Middle East, Also how love to try a different test of food I will recommend this restaurant.
Great place, great staff the food is amazing and very cozy place to get your food. Very optionally menu (Arabic food - seafood- Indonesian food) definitely my favorite in Orlando.
Awesome spot!! Wife and I needed something near our hotel figured we'd give the two person combo a try. We were amply impressed. Both the service and the food was quiet genuine. Even the take out experience was great. I can only imagine dinning in. They even asked that we call back to let them know how it was. It was great!!
Had the mixed platter. Very good flavor and the single was more than enough food for two.  Spring rolls were very fresh and tasted as they were freshly made.
The service is amazing. Clean place.  Appealing to the eye.  The meat and chicken mandi is a must to try.  Pleasant servers and owners.
"First off, the beef randang was really good. However, the mixed platter for 2 was lackluster. Pretty high price for rice, an egg, a bunch of random vegetables, and for some reason pasta in red sauce? Would not recommend that dish. The other things on the menu seemed interesting but we didn't get to try it. 
The reason I marked this down is because we asked for peanut sauce when we ordered, reminded them for it when they forgot it when they brought the food, and received the sauce at the end of the meal after we finished eating. The food took almost 30-40 minutes to come out even though we were the second group to enter the restaurant."
"The satay was excellent as well as the fried rice and noodles 
The spices were great, full of flavor
The main dishes were all great and portions just right 
Enjoyed all the food"
This is the best food yummy delicious Arabian food in Orlando. We were visiting universal parks for the weekend were so tired of the unhealthy food at theme parks. Very healthy delicious choices. My hubby ordered the Indonesian mix platter every item was delicious lots of good flavor. I ordered the mandi special it was like flavorful roasted chicken with rice. Servers are very nice too they try to accommodate to your choices. Good quality food with large meal portions for good price. Highly recommend it!!!
Ifs clean, family owned restaurant with good customer service. I had ramadan iftar buffet for 20$ here. There were many options to choose from but it was nothing exceptional. I believe all arabic people love it.
"We found this place on yelp while visiting Orlando. Looks like it's a local hangout spot for men because there were so many when we got there. 

Food was pretty good. It's interesting how the menu is Asian and Arabic. We tried some Indonesian plate for two and lamb mandi. Mandi Was flavorful and the rice that came with it was ok too. Hubby and my daughter enjoyed their food.

Took one star away from this place because the owner, I assume, was going to tables with foreigners (not Asian or middle eastern) and really kissing ass lol if you know what I mean but totally ignored our table and another family."
"Strongly recommended if you are looking for great meal.
Clean, delicious, value for money, friendly staff, and nice ambiance.
You need more than one visit to give yourself a fair chance to try all food items.
One for the Mandi and Jareesh, one for the Indonesian food, one for the seafood, and special visit for the okra, Molokhia, and stuffed vegetables (Mahsi)

The food took long time to be served, but I think this the price you pay for made to order fresh food."
The most amazing chicken over rice ever! The restaurant and atmosphere is great. This restaurant is a hidden gem in Orlando! Must visit if you are in the area.
Very clean and professional service! We enjoyed our meal. They were able to serve family style dining at affordable prices
We got the Indonesian platter for one and an order of Satay and wow, was it yummy. Conveniently located to our hotel on International Drive. The interior is lovely and the staff are very friendly and knowledgeable about the food. The menu has a lot of options and I would love to try them all. I plan to return here when I'm in town again.
"Great place to have a decent high quality food, very tasty, fresh meat, multiple dishes, clean and helpful staff.
Definitely I'm going back to visit them soon."
This is one of the best Middle Eastern restaurants in Florida!! Authentic arabic and indonesian dishes. I've been here like 10 times now, and twice within one week. Their chicken and meet options are all great!! The food is made fresh and it tastes amazing. You must try them out. You will not regret it!! Also, you MUST try their knefeh. SUPER AMAZING!!
Very friendly staff and was pleased to find Indonesian food in Orlando. Love the flavors of the food and will be back. Mostly saw Indonesian food on the menu but that's exactly what we came here for. Our server Basil recommends food and was very good and attentive. Great desserts too! Break out of the norm and give this place a shot.
I was in town on business and looking for a place to eat dinner, so I checked on Yelp. Listed as near me was this restaurant, it looked intriguing, so I went. I can say with confidence that this place deserves all the rave reviews it is getting! Absolutely fantastic Indonesian food in Orlando. The staff is friendly, the menu has descriptive pictures of everything, and the food is simply unbelievable. Highly recommended!
A delicious Indonesian restaurant. It's a nice fusion of Indonesian and middle eastern cuisine. We ordered the Indonesian sampler and a side of noodles and both were tasty and filling. We also enjoyed the ambiance and the service. We'll definitely return next time we're in Orlando.
"Mum is from Indonesia.  Went in hopeful for food from home.  And gotta say, it was excellent.  Food was delicious.  Service was on-point. Amazing
krupuk udang, mixed Indonesian plate, rendang beef, and kofta potatoes. Mum was SO happy!"
Great service! Great sampler to share and try new things! The servers were happy to answer all our questions.. great tasty food!
First time trying this cuisine and the staff made a great experience for us. Definitely recommend if you are looking for good food and a good environment.
Tried this restaurant for the first time and love the food here!!!! So yummy and amazing service. The guy Basir helped us with the menu and he was amazing. Will be returning for sure!!!
Thanks yelpers for recommending this place. The food we ordered we really good. We got the skewers chicken and beef, and the chicken with coconut milk. Next time, we'll try the sampler. Lastly,  the baklava was not too sweet, making it a good way to end dinner.
This place is great and the food is so delicious honestly and the price is really reasonable. I recommend it and I will visit again
Best food I've had in a long time. Great food and great service. The good was authentic and full of flavor. Definitely my new favorite spot when I come back to Universal Studios...better than all the restaurants on City Walk.
"Easily the best place for middle eastern food in Orlando!!!!
The dish of the day when I was there was ""Mandy"" it was a pretty generous portion and was so good I ordered seconds to take home with me."
Amazing restaurant! Amazing experience! I loved the seafood menu they have. Don't hesitate to go there
This place is so delicious. Super friendly staff and big portions. Please try the spicy tomato sauce that comes with the lamb and rice meal. I would recommend this place for anyone who wants good authentic food at a good price :)
"Delightful ambiance. We picked this place randomly as we like to try different cuisines. So glad we did. The food was amazingly delicious. Their hospitality was refreshing. Service with a smile. Our server was honest about which food will take long and at the end he got us dessert on the house..... baklava to try...., which was also very delish!
Will bring the rest of the family next time we visit Orlando."
My boyfriend and I love trying different international foods and we were seeking out Indonesian/Arabic food in particular. We will definitely be back!! The wait staff was soo friendly and helpful when it came time to order our food. Also, the restaurant appears to be very new, clean, and well kept! 5 stars for sure.
Great food, attentive service, nice atmosphere. We were here on a quiet night and got the mixed Indonesian sampler. It was wonderful! The warm sweetened cheese dessert was also great. Worth a stop!
Amazing! Tasty food, super hospitality, and all CDC cleaning recommendations being followed.  We had a platter for two and some hummus and it was more then my husband, son, and I could eat.  My 4 year old son ate it up and my husband and I customized the spice level by adding a side sauce.
Best restaurant in town, perfect food, perfect everything! I don't think anyone would regret trying it. Shoutout to the staff they are Awesome!
"Here's a restaurant where the food ranges from good to wonderful, the ratings are great, and the staff continue to work to improve. I've been here a number of times, starting from shortly after the restaurant started up. My first meal had a couple of good things and a disappointment or two. I remember the waiter asked me for my honest opinion and I politely told him what I liked, what I thought could be improved, and what I didn't like. He paid careful attention and even comped me for some of the food, which I insisted wasn't necessary but they did anyway. A nice start.

Ever since the food has been consistent and delicious in most cases. I almost always order the rendang sapi (dry curry braised beef plus an omelette and rice) and it's wonderful. The Indonesian fried chicken, ayam goreng, is extremely good. The gado gado, one of Indonesia's national dishes, is very good but not the best I've had. The matabak telor mini, egg/shallots/chili/green onion wrapped in a thin pancake, is also delicious. I don't eat pork or shrimp so I can't comment on many of their other dishes.

The food is generally well spiced so if you like spicy you'll be happy; if you're sensitive to spice, do let them know before they prepare the dishes. Speaking of spice, and service, there's one more story to tell.

I recently ordered and got the matabak telor mini mentioned above. In the container was a small, bright green thing that looked like a little green bean. I popped it into my mouth not thinking otherwise. I love spice and can eat raw jalapenos or serranos with no problem. This little green bean (NOT) began to start burning my mouth and throat and I thought I was in big trouble. For 10-15 minutes I was on fire and nothing helped.  

I called the restaurant the next day to ask about what this was and why they didn't mention it. It was what they call a birds eye chili or Thai chili, which ranges from 50,000-100,000 on the Scoville scale.  (A jalapeno is 8,000 at the high end and a habanero is 100,000 at the low end.) Thus this thing was like a mild habanero, which is hot!

They profusely apologized and said when you eat at the restaurant they always tell about the pepper, which you're supposed to just take a teeny nibble of if you want more spice. They were so honestly sorry for what happened they comped me again and said they're going to revise their procedures so that in the future when people get this dish for take-out, there will be a warning on the package. That's what I mean by continually trying to improve.

Great food, excellent customer service, and spice, but be careful.  Five stars."
"This was my first time here and I was so impressed and can't wait to come back. We came on a Saturday night and it was fairly busy for their small dining area. They were so accommodating to everyone waiting and since we had two people we were seated very quickly. 
 
They have an Indonesian Pilsner typically but they were out this time. Guess we have to come back! 

To start we got the martabak which are super tasty fried pouches. We also tried their cocktails which were also very good! 

We shared the nasi campur as our main dish and added the fried chicken and shredded beef. The flavors were ridiculously good and you get a nice variety of things to taste. 

I can't wait to come back and try the curry and the ""backwards pho""."
Have ordered takeout half a dozen times in the last month. My first experience was definitely the best. Excellent customer service from a woman on the phone and the food was amazing. Since then, I find my orders to be inconsistent. Often too salty and way less vegetables in my Kari than the first time. I've also had encounters with rude staff when going to pick up my food. I'm happy for the introduction to Indonesian food, but I think I'll explore making my own Kari from now on.
We are never disappointed by the flavors at Wajan -- and their food is just as tasty in the take-out format as it is in the restaurant. Great vegetarian and vegan options, but plenty to please meat eaters too. Their Gado Gado is so special and I am pleasantly surprised by the complex tastes and heartiness every time. I love the curry soup and tempeh, too. Yum! Plus the desserts and cocktails are unlike anything else I've ever had in Portland -- so unique and flavorful. And the staff is always kind and helpful too! Feny and Ross make a great team, and we just love their food.
Wow, if you're looking for takeout that's going to totally transport you away from the pandemic - look no further! Had the opportunity to eat at Wajan once around the end of 2019 and absolutely loved it. We got takeout this evening, not expecting it would meet the quality of the IRL experience, and we were literally blown away. I never write reviews (truly), but this was so incredibly good I had to post. Order here - you won't regret it!!
If you only going to have one thing only, then you gotta get that Rendang Sapi. The beef is tender, rich and hearty, slow cooked to perfection; caramelized with lots of spices and mildly hot. You can't afford to miss this popular dish.
"*UPDATE ON REVIEW* I hate to do this, but I'm a stickler for consistency. I ordered from Wajan 2x in one day. I was so OBSESSED with the KARI, i had to have more. There was clearly a different chef working in the kitchen, as the Kari was not as good as it had been a few hours before-it wasn't nearly as spicy, it was much saltier, and I got about half the amount of veggies in this second order as I did in the first. Also, the steamed rice noodles were congealed into one blob the shape of the to go container. Like a gummy bear. No separate threads of noodles :( Kari good, but overall was a bit of a bummer. I will give them a few more tries and hope that I get the other chef. 
ORIGINAL REVIEW:
Wajan opened a couple blocks down the street from me at least a year ago. I've always wanted to try it, but their vegan dishes were always Tempe/tofu/eggplant heavy. I don't eat any of those things. I happened to take a look at the menu a few days ago, and noticed that they had added a curry to their menu. I ordered the vegan KARI with steamed gado gado veggies instead of tempe/tofu(thank you for accommodating!!) and with steamed rice noodles. I thrilled. The Kari was so dang delicious!! It was spicy, flavorful, sour, so lip smacking GOOD. I already want more. The thin rice noodles were chewy(like they have tapioca in them as well)not mushy. So good. I ordered the jackfruit/long bean curry soup as well. It's the same heavenly broth as the KARI. I'm super picky about jackfruit. I have rarely liked it when I've eaten it in big chunks. Wajan, is definitely an expert on how to prepare jackfruit. It was tender and sweet. Absolutely perfect. I tried a couple sauces too cause I love sauces. The spicy sweet sambal was great, the gado gado sauce was OK. LOVED the tapioca crackers. I will be back often for the KARI and jackfruit. Thank you!!"
Wajan is amazing! We regularly order delivery during covid and it's always so fast and delicious. We've tried most of the menu and it's all great.
I have such a wonderful experience at Wajan! It was my first time here so I was nervous to see how the food would taste as well as dining options during these covid times. Thankfully, I was pleasantly surprised and quite blow away by the delicioussssss meals and the abundance of safe social distance dinning in options (which were all outdoor). I ordered the vegan Nasi Campur and would recommend this anyone! There was a great variety of flavors all one one plate. I'm so glad I came here and can't wait to come back! Customer service was wonderful as well, especially the front of the house gentleman who walked us through their ordering process!
"Venturing out for lunch after a second lockdown today, Day 2 of permitted dining following the State turnabout allowing restaurants to serve outdoors, Wajan made for a vividly memorable outdoor dining panacea with a full bar even, featuring Genever| gin and fermented SE Asian coconut flower | Batavia Arrack on the menu!  Direct sunlit picnic table right off Burnside and 50th, gave us a burst of nature's heating lamp on a gorgeous balmy 55-deg winter afternoon. Officially my first bite of Indonesian cuisine, and it had my taste buds a-popping on a sensory discovery; savory, sour, sweet, fiery, crispy, soft, chewy, crunchy!! 

The entryway is now screened by the new ordering station topped with one full menu on the counter. With just one other Indonesian power in town (Gado Gado/Uma's Takeaway) exposure to unfamiliar dishes is likely, and with such a complex menu, it's recommended to study the menu glossary online before getting in line to order. We let a lady go ahead so we had time to ponder and delve into the unknown.  PLUS there was a special in each: entree - a beef coconut spicy soup, $4 sip--Jamu ginger-tumeric drinking tonic served warm, and dessert, all of which also needed explaining, to consider.
 
MAINS
Nasi Uduk $14.00 (rice plate) + Babi Kentang $5.00 (pork belly)
Coconut rice with all of the following: Telor balado (deep fried hard boiled egg in sweet and spicy chili sauce), acar kuning (pickled vegetables in turmeric peanut sauce), tempe orek (sweet and spicy stir fried tempe), krupuk aci (large tapioca cracker) + Babi Kentang (marinated and stir fried sweet and salty pork belly and potatoes).  The latter salty pork belly was my fave and would order this alone next trip so I'd have heaps more. It's addictive sweet-salty-chewy texture with small sauce seeped diced potato would be an excellent accompaniment to sample more Genever and Arrack on a longer evening out. The egg had a coating that firmed up the exterior cut of the hard egg, but was expecting more punch from the sweet spicy chili saucebut it really just tasted like an extra firm boiled egg. Picked long green beans, carrot and cukes gave savory crunch as did the crisp tapioca crackers, bite sized shrimp tasting chips although billed without any crustacean. 

Ayam Goreng $13.50 Indonesian style fried chicken, Kremes (seasoned crunchies), Lalapan (fresh cabbage, tomato, cucumber), Kecap Manis (sweet soy sauce), Sambal Terasi (shrimp paste chili sauce) and rice.  It's a much milder and more beautiful triangle trimmed Hat Yai coriander-forward fried chicken but ultra moist with tender crunch further enhanced by the deft crisp of Kremes. Like wow, how do you execute that level of velvety moist yet crisp wedge so balanced in seasoning, having always found H-Y's seasoning overly pronounced? Server suggested you shred the chicken and make cabbage cups with the rice. Hubby went deaf and got knuckle deep in that heap, leaving the cabbage as a mere garnish afterthought.  I must admit having tried both ways the cabbage so thick you do lose the magic of tender crunch appeal by not going direct to mouth lol.  Sambal was delicious tangy fire, more yum.

JUICE - Teetotaler today :/  Genever Arrack attack next time :) !!
Jamu $4 Ginger-Tumeric tonic served warm doubles up with plenty of heat from the ginger too, somewhat sweet but well tempered by some form of acidity - coconut vinegar or lemon maybe? It was a slight chore to get it all down, served in a juice sized glass, but I really did enjoy it. Think Kombucha, no bubbles, lots of spice, served warm, well maybe not?! ha ha

Pro-tip, plastic utensils used here as with many outdoor dining and carts. Do the planet and the businesses a solid and invest in some reusable bamboo utensils. Our set equipped with a straw & brush cleaner, chopsticks, large/small spoon, fork, knife and toothbrush, rolled in a cloth snap wrap set us back just $7 last holiday stocking stuffer, kept in the car, hand and dishwashed, used year-long and still going strong ;) Oh yeah and pack a blanket for the chilly weather, it's a new must for outdoor dining!

With 6 or more picnic benches and an outdoor covered patio, full bar featuring lesser known ABVs, you'll love transporting your tastebuds to SE Indonesia, come fly away to a welcome escape from our Covid-induced domestic travel border."
honestly everything is delicious. best indonesian food in portland in my opinion! I definitely always over order when I come. they offer curb side pick up right now !
This place was great they had options for vegetarian and vegan and had a whole range of spice levels
"This was my second time dining out in the pandemic, and my bubble was meeting for lunch on Christmas Eve.  This spot had been on my list of places to checkout, but like most things east of Chavez, I was having a hard time motivated myself to make it there.  The fact that some folks wanted to meet there, and that I've been a couch-potato for the last few months motivated me to walk a little over two miles to meet them.  

They had a stand in the main entryway for ordering, a few picnic tables out front (along this quieter stretch of Burnside), and they've also got an open air patio on the west side of the building.  Lightly closed in with reed screens that go about 2/3 of the way up, but plenty of airflow, and with the three of us being the only ones there, I wasn't too worried.  

The menu was a little overwhelming, with all the items listed in what I assume are the Indonesian names, which especially in the printed menu, made for a lot of reading (felt a little bit like my first time at Pok Pok, where I was trying to make my way through a wall of text, with all the menu items being unfamiliar but having nice descriptions).   I ended up order a little bit of everything (I think I order 4 to 6 items), but didn't get an entree.  I did taste my friends babi kentang (salty pork belly) which was delicious.  The sate babi (pork skewers) were good, reminding me of Thai skewers, especially the peanut sauce.  I also had their fancied up instant noodles (nice spicy kick), as well as couple different egg based items.  Everything was good, having a unique flavor profile, and I definitely want to go back and try more items (and am kicking myself for taking over a year to get out there).

A nitpick would be that the sambals are all a la carte, and as someone who hearts hot sauces, I would have liked to try all of them.  I don't need a Mexican restaurant style salsa bar, but wouldn't mind having an option to pay maybe $5 or something for a variety platter of sambals, instead of $1.50 each.  

The menu actually has a lot of these small cost items, maybe $2.50 or less . . . as someone who knows practically nothing about Indonesian cuisine, I would have been perfectly happy to pay 50% to 100% more of an entrees cost for a set meal that would allow me to get a better idea of the food - a smattering of some of the small bites/snacks, an entree and sambals and sides.

On the other hand, all the a la carte items/snacks are pretty fantastic if you're dining alone, making it possible to have a bit of this and that without needing to be with a group to share.

Regardless, I definitely want to go back and try more of the items, especially wanting to work through the entrees (the kari and bakmie both intrigue me)."
"On every 1-day trip to Portland that we make, we are always excited to try new places to eat in town. Been on the lookout and wondering why there was no Indonesian restaurants in Oregon. This time, I almost fell off my chair when I saw this place came up in the search results. Immediately made our way there before anything else.

As an Indonesian, I truly love Indonesian food and on a personal secret mission to let the whole world know that they've missed out if they haven't tried Indonesian cuisine that could be life-changing lol. I must say that I did have some expectation about this place and was hoping to add it to our list of ""must-go-when-in-Portland"" places.

The restaurant is easy to find and there is a small parking lot next to the restaurant that will fit 3 compact cars, and a dedicated parking spot for a disabled parking permit driver, plenty of street parking as well. It isn't that big inside the restaurant but they have a bar area and have some patio seating too that would be great for a warmer weather. 

When we entered, we were greeted by this one guy (not sure if he actually worked there or was just helping out), he certainly wasn't too friendly and wouldn't return a smile. The only waiter working there was on her bathroom break so I guess he was filling in. We got our menu and water, and we waited 15 minutes before our waiter became available to come to our table and take our order. The waiter had a really good energy and she was fast and efficient. She (who I believe isn't an Indonesian) was quite knowledgeable and I was impressed. I subconsciously used American accent on the Indonesian words on the menu, out of worry she wouldn't get what I was saying, but she actually was great! She repeated my order with the right way to pronounce everything, thumbs up!

We also ordered chicken satay which was okay and the peanut sauce could be stronger. For mains, my husband and I got Nasi Uduk (Jakarta Coconut Rice) set that came with telor balado (spicy hard boiled egg), acar kuning (pickled veggies in turmeric sauce), stir-fried tempeh, and onion crackers. He ordered his set with Beef Rendang (braised beef in spicy dry curry), while I got the Babi Kentang (marinated pork belly with potatoes). My sister ordered the Ayam Goreng (Indonesian-style fried chicken) that came with kremes (seasoned crunchies), fresh veggies, sweet soy sauce and sambal (chili). We tried each other's dishes and agreed that the babi kentang was quite good but could use a little bit more flavor, the fried chicken was as expected but somehow reminded us of the taste of KFC (just a tad), while the beef rendang was super salty but the meat was cooked perfectly and quite tender.

We also ordered the deep fried fritters, you can choose up to two different types but we chose corn fritters both. The other choices were tempe mendoan (fried tempe with turmeric and coriander), fried battered banana, or stuffed tofu. We got two corn fritters but only got one green chili, which the way to eat the fritter is to take a little bite of the chili for kicks the same time you take a bite of your fritter. The corn fritter was bland. And I get that it's a family-recipe but it isn't a typical form of corn fritter you'd find in Indonesia, here they use a similar (if not the same) batter from Tempe Medoan, also one of the fritters was a little undercooked. 

We also ordered Rujak Serut for dessert (fresh fruits and vegetables in a sweet & tangy peanut sauce). Chef Feny herself delivered it to our table, she was so sweet and friendly! The Rujak Serut was really close to what you'd find in Indonesia. SUPER close, but we feel the flavors of the sauce weren't strong enough, it needed to be a little sweeter and a little thicker just like back at home :) Please note if you order it spicy (which we did) it's Indonesian-spicy. Both my sister and I teared up instantly from the spiciness lol. A little embarrassed that we couldn't take the heat but it was so good, we powered through but eventually brought the leftover home with us.

On the decor, we love the work that was put with the murals, rattan lamp shades and ceilings, and the Javanese batik tablecloth is a nice touch. Though being OCD I personally wasn't too keen on the dirty/rusty effect paint job on the wall; we also noticed that some of the tables aren't of the same height so when they are brought closer together to sit 4 persons, the tables aren't leveled with each other which can be problematic if some customers want to eat family-style and want to lay out the plates in the middle. Also one other thing, the bathroom was as cold as a freezer and that's not an exaggeration.

Overall, I think the food is a 3.5 out of 5. It wasn't bad at all, but certainly could be improved. Extra point for the great service by the female waiter. We're glad that there's finally an Indonesian restaurant to go to while in Portland and certainly we would love to try the other dishes that we haven't tried yet next time!"
"We ordered sambal udang, sate ayam, sambal beef, chicken soy sauce, perkedel, sambal fish with coconut, everything is wonderfull. Also the server Basim is very kind and nice person. We drive from tallahassee to orlando and visit this place. That is very worth it. 

Nice place!!!!"
There food is good but they take long Time. And they lie about the time which it is not professional and I the menu looked unprofessional!!!
Nice place! Glad we tried this restaurant. Always like Arabian food. Their lamb rice is very tasty.
If you are looking for authentic, very good tasting Saudi style Mandi, this is the place. The dishes are so authentic we are going back consecutively until our holiday is finished. This is an especially pleasant find in Orlando where most of the places we've been to hasn't been very good. Totally recommended!
Great atmosphere, great people, great authentic food! Definitely a place you want to come to eat! We'll be back for sure!
Delicious, Halal food and I advise you guys to try it. It's Indonesian and Arabic food
"Very pleased with my experience here.  My wife and I have been here 3x in the last month and can't get enough.  It's different, exotic and amazingly delicious. Bassem always provides the best service. He's so kind and courteous. Highly recommend this place for a nice calm evening. 

Atmosphere is great, service is excellent. Food is amazing."
"I went with my family for dinner. We ordered Mandi Lamb and chicken satay. It was Yummy and taste was amazing. The best part of our dinner was Konafa(dessert) which was too good. 
Overall tasty food at resonable price."
After reading all the yelp reviews we decided to give this place a try. Really delicious!! We also got the mixed grill and the chicken satay. More than enough for two people to share and the flavors of each dish was just different enough to really get a good feel for this region. The server was very helpful and informative. Would absolutely eat here again when we come back and visit Orlando.
My favorite Mediterranean food spot in Orlando! The food is authentic unlike other Mediterranean places. I recommend the Mandi & the mixed Indonesian dish.
If u r looking for authentic Arabian and Indonesian food, this is the right place to come.  Great food, friendly staff, and must try.
One of the best halal foods I've tried in orlando. Very friendly staff and clean place. Their lamb rice reminded me of what I had in saudia Arabia. Sateys are genuinely out of this world. Every thing is prepared after the order is placed so be in no rush and enjoy the experience. Can't wait to go again.
The food here is amazing. We just had lamb Mandi, deserts and tea.. The food is fresh, authentic and delicious. Highly recommend.
"As I walked through Chinatown on a cold winter day, I couldn't help but to think about how sketchy the streets looked. The streets are dirty. Each street I walked through had large piles of trash, wondering through like an attraction.  

All in all Chinatown had everything I was expecting to see. There were vendors unloading boxes of food. A great deal of restaurants to try. Chinatown even had the usual lost tourist with a map in hand asking everyone they saw how to get to their destination. 

If you can look past the sketchy streets, Chinatown is a good destination stop in your tour of Boston."
"Does it smell the best in the summer? No. Are the grocery stores all spic-n-span? Not exactly. Is there some tasty food to be found? Yup.

Not the best place to wander at night."
"It must be imprinted in my genes but wherever I am I will invariably find my way to Chinatown or wherever my people congregate. I do because of the awesome food to be had and simply to fellowship with the descendants of the Dragon. 

Ok, that's just bull. I'm a bloody tourist and I do what I want. I just like to eat good inexpensive food and I know I will find that in Chinatown. 

I like Boston's Chinatown. It isn't as awesome as Frisco's or New York but it's infinitely better than what we have in L.A.....that one is a damn joke."
"As someone who thrives on everyday surreality -- two strip clubs, for instance, which sit right next to each other in what is essentially an alley, each claiming to be the 'original' gentlemen's club -- I am entirely taken by Chinatown.

Shops with counterfeit clothing (brand names spelled wrong on poorly stitched jerseys, shirts, and belts), haggling store owners, shops that all sell the same Hello Kitty trinkets, super-authentic restaurants of all Asian persuations... How can you not love this?  You can go get a Vietnamese sandwich for three dollars and an entire box of pastries for another three, then a milkshake for two, and for eight dollars you've just bought a day's worth of deliciousness (to hold you over until you begin to hit the restaurants, that is).

Now:  Is it sketchy?  Yes, it's sketchy.  Should you walk around at night?  No, you should NEVER walk around at night.  But, here's the most important feature of Boston's Chinatown:  It's not so big that you can't get out in a hurry.  It's surrounded by Downtown Crossing, Back Bay, and the Financial District, so once you've had enough, you're a couple of blocks away from freedom."
Everything a Chinatown should be. This chinatown doesn't smell as bad as the Boston or San Francisco one, but it has it's moments. It's also pretty easy to get in and out of this chinatown, then again, it is kinda small compared to the rest. They have an awesome Chinese New Years day celebration with Lion dancing, acrobats, and fireworks. Very cultural experience overall and great shopping for anything you can think of.
"It's a great place for authentic Asian food. It ranges from Chinese to Malaysian, so there is a lot of variety. I've been coming here since I was little. If you want really good dim sum, I would suggest Winsor Dim Sum Cafe. If you enjoy the whole pushing carts experience, then I would suggest Hei La Moon, Empire Garden, or China Pearl, but their food is not that great. Hei La Moon is a bit too pricey for what they have to offer.

Overall a great place, but very dirty. I will probably end up writing a review for all the restaurants there."
"Chinatown.  What can I say.  By day you have tasty restaurants of the Asian persuasion.  Your a little dirty, just like a Chinatown should be.  You've got a majority of people who cannot speak English, just like a Chinatown should be.

By night, your a playpen of debauchery.  From the ""gentleman's clubs"" to the straight out hookers working the streets up towards Downtown Crossing, and restaurants open way past 2 AM still serving up ""Lemon Tea"", it's the last bastion of fun past 2 AM in the area.  

There's really nothing better than digging into a plate of pan fried noodles at Chau Chow at 3 AM, watching little Vietnamese girls dressed to the nines beating the living hell out of each other on the puddle filled pavement  in the parking lot, and just feeling like life is worth living again because everything else has become disneyfied and sanitized.    

No it's not NYC Chinatown.  It's not San Fran.  But it's Boston's little dirty secret thinly veiled as a tourist attraction."
"I been to this Chinatown for over 10 years now, roughly 15 years. It all comes down to this. It is smaller than your typical Chinatown in other cities. Everything is all close to each other. The Food (restaurants), clubs (night Life), schools(Tufts, Emerson, Empire Beauty school, pre-school...etc.), hospitals, movies(including lives), shopping, financial district, homeless shelter, city halls(moved to a bit further now), sight seeing (duck tour), hotels, residents, and much much more! Can you believe all those features are all around the Chinatown area!? That is also why Boston Chinatown is small, they can not expand no more. It is also because of this phenomenal of everything smush to one place, there are all kind of people here. Tourist, students, beggars, homeless, doctors, dentist, nurses, teachers, professors, performers and much much more different kind of people all in one place. However despite the differences we  all live together in peace and harmony. Well most of the time or at least I have not see any. But i also do see some interesting scenes once in a while such as a person who dresses like beggar driving a Ferrari, a person who dress nicer than me, use a more expensive smart phone than me that can beat me up easily begging me for $$$. Or a dude calling people racist if they dont donate $$...etc. 
If you are first time in Chinatown, I recommend you check out Dim sum and their bakery stores. They have low price breads and delicious. A well made sandwich with egg, cheese, ham, and lettuce for around $1.95 to $2.95. 
One of few things I wish is they can increase more variety of ethnic food. Also the fashion part of it. Most of the clothes here are plain and simple. 
One last thing to mention here is that everything close at 2 AM, some close a bit earlier and some a bit later.  

That's pretty much wrap it up the scratch of it."
Though Boston's chinatown is small it houses a great variety of old school bakeries to the more contemporary style ones, Cantonese, Szechuan, shanghainese, Taiwanese and Chinese bbq restaurants, markets, hair and beauty salons, and gift stores.  There is something for everyone here.  It's within walking distance to downtown and right off highway exits.  Also very accessible by train too.  Occasionally they have street fairs here too which can be great cultural fun for the family.
"This is actually one of the cleanest Chinatowns I have ever wanted into and I have been to my fair share from NY to LA to Paris. Although the area known as Chinatown is somewhat smaller than most, it still has pretty clean streets without sewage water thrown on the ground and litter all over the place.

The best way to get there without a particular place in mind is to just search for Chinatown on your GPS and it'll lead you directly there. Containing a Pho Pasteur, Dumpling Cafe, Empress Dim Sum restaurant, Joy Luck Hot Pot, some Asian Bakeries, Double Chin cafe, and a lot of other food places, you're bound to find some decent Chinese food to satisfy your cravings.

TIP: Plenty of boba and juice shops all over as well if that's what you're looking for as well!"
We managed to get lost during our visit to Chinatown, so we saw a lot more of it than we had imagined.  It's decently sized, but I didn't notice much in the way of housing here.  Lots of restaurants and bakeries.  Didn't see too many grocery stores.  Neighborhood got a little seedier when you went south.  West to the Theater District seemed fine.  Easy access from the subway.
Always love visiting Chinatown when in Boston. All sorts of restaurant side by side.  Za bu Zen is one of my favorites. Nice little pastries and i walking distance to the movie theater and Tremont St.
"We had a blast spending the afternoon in Chinatown!

Yesterday we spent the afternoon exploring Chinatown. When we first arrived we were afraid that parking was going to be a pain, but we quickly found meter parking a stones throw from the Chinatown gate.

Walking through this community was a blast, and we loved popping into the shops, buying fruit from their street vendors, and eating out in the park by the gate. We enjoyed all the stores we entered and not once felt like outsiders even though we do not obviously identify with the dominant cultures here.

Overall, this was a fun day out. Yes the streets were a bit dirty, but I will take the dirt and grim for some delicious cuisine and amazing cultural experiences!"
"On our last day in Boston we had visited all the famous landmarks I had scheduled and dined at all the seafood places we wanted to see.  We had a few extra hours and decided to add in a few stops.  On any trip that I plan I always put a big question mark for the last day to eat in their respective chinatown.  Some major cities we visit, we have time others we skip.  The reason is, we know we can always find some good eats, and it's interesting to compare what we have here in Houston vs other places in the US.

Boston's chinatown seems very old.  It is dirty, but not as bad as NYC.  The best way to describe it is a smaller, cleaner, less crazy NYC version.  But it's compact and very walkable."
"Small, dirty, and overcrowded with tourists and old smoking regulars.

This one has an interesting Chinatown gate history, being that it honors the Tiananmen massacre. 

There is a crime watch and an undercover police car driving by occasionally, so no bad business!!!

Most places are cash only. 

Check out the egg puffs in this nondescript food court on Beach Street near the gate. It's pretty good. 

If you give yourself a chance to walk around, you'll be surprised by what you find - lots of places don't advertise themselves or if so, in Chinese which can be bothersome. 

So, bring cash and enjoy yourself. 

It's near the common and the Tam so you can make a day of it."
"Streets are dirty and have the smell of dead chicken wafting through them, but the food is bomb and well priced. Lots of amazing bakeries, restaurants, Asian grocery stores, cafes, and trinket/paraphernalia stores in general. It might be called ""China""-town but there are Vietnamese, Korean, Taiwanese, as well as Chinese people/businesses here. Degree of English fluency varies as much as the color spectrum, but most people know enough to sell you stuff. Bring cash because a lot of the places are cash only. Other than that, get some bubble tea and have fun walking around."
"If you're in the mood for ""real chinese food"" head to chinatown-- any restuarant in the mix is good- Hong Kong Eatery, Peach Farm, Hai Moon, China Pearl.... if you want an even better dining experience go with someone who knows authentic chinese! And don't be bummed if they don't order your  beef with broccoli! The real stuff is much better."
"There are many types of Chinatowns out there but my honest opinion is that the best one is in Los Angeles at the moment =) SF is in second place. I have to say that right here in Boston, there is a 4 starer with a grand array of restaurants and shops that sell 100 zippers for less than a dollar. 

Of course, it is conveniently located right down the street from Faneuil Hall and the Aquarium. There are plenty of parking spots on the street but there is also a garage. The best thing about Chinatown that I think we can all agree is the food! Can you really beat the egg tarts from the Chinese bakery shops? What's better than roast duck over rice? What about a whole steamed fish from the Chinese seafood restaurant? This is why places like Chinatown exist... to make skinny people fat!

Well you definitely have your knick knack shops as well. Your faux jade buddhas, tiny teapot sets and .... ninja swords?

Great place to just walk around, enjoy a snack or a large dinner and then walk right back into downtown. Come in and stop by!"
Chinatown is a place filled with delicious meals ranging from all over the Eastern hemisphere. Great place to buy groceries from the asian super markets and great place to buy stuff animals or something cute for your loved ones. There are bars for people that just want to have fun too. If your friend havent been to chinatown, just take a day and go around and see the various delicious types of meals would already be interesting. Also there is a huge history behind chinatown as well. Although it may not be the cleanest place, but we can all work together to change that.
It's small.  It's dirty.  The food's not even that good.  Still, you know that Chinatown is bound to have open restraunts during the holidays when everything else is closed.  There's no way in hell asians are going to close down for a chance at a little more pocket money.  No racial.  That is their one saving grace and they deserve a star back for that one fact.
"It's one of my favorite places in Boston. Hello, who doesn't love Chinatown? Doesn't matter where I am in the US, I always feel a sense of comfort whenever I'm in some sort of Chinatown. Perhaps, it's the smell? the sketchy-ness? the older Chinese grandpas playing chess? the older Chinese grandmas who shove you aside while you wait patiently in line? Anyway, Boston's Chinatown is no different than the others I've been to (SF, LA, Oakland, NY). The only thing I can think of is that it's tiny, a lot smaller. But small is cozy and more homey, no? :)

Bottom Line: Definitely the neighborhood for some good & cheap Chinese food and cheap grocery shopping."
This Chinatown is small compared to the San Fran one... obviously I guess. The Boston Chinatown does not seem to be as touristy as some of the other Chinatowns here in the US. It seems a bit dirty in fact. Not to the point where it seems like a place where you should avoid. The Chinatown(the old one downtown) in Portland,OR is not a place where to me at least where you would want to wander around. This one seems safe enough. Like I said this Chinatown was not as touristy but that does not stop from an abundance of shops that has plenty of touristy stuff. In fact depending how big of an item(s) you will get; most of the shops will be happy to ship larger items back to your home address. Everyone in all these stores seemed very nice and pleasant to deal with. An area worth looking around if you visit Boston.
"Ah. Chinatown. It's not the biggest, and it's not the best. But the food is amazeballs. 

Pros: 
Ho Yuen bakery has black bean cakes. Bao Bao Bakery has yummy bubble tea and pastries. Pho Pasteur has ahmazzzzing pho, and Hong Kong Eatery is tasty and cheap. New Jumbo Shrimp has great seafood and family style dining. At night, there's karaoke and entertainment in and around the area.

Cons: 
Chinatown is up and coming, but still needs work. An elderly housing building is going up as well as a brand new apartment/condo building on Surface Road. Chinatown could use a bit more cleaning all around because it's right in the city and just needs a facelift. 

Other than that, I'm cool with Chinatown. It's not as suffocating as NYC's Chinatown which I appreciate :)"
"I loved my trip to Chinatown while in Boston for a few days recently.  Yeah, it's smaller than New York or SF but that's also one of it's charming elements.  You can hit the whole thing in a few blocks, get your bearings about you and make the decisions on where you want to eat.  It had everything that a Chinatown should have from great bakeries, a variety of restaurants, and little shops selling cheap stuff.  I liked the fact that it was compact and easy to navigate through the area.  

I wish I had a chance to go back a time or two while in town because it's a real treat for someone that doesn't have access to a place like this regularly.  I hope to make it back again."
Decent sized chinatown. A good variety of asian cuisine can be found. Viet noodles (pho), soup dumplings, roasted pork belly, bao, dim sum, flat noodles with beef, fried milk balls, etc.
Good food if you know where to go. Lots of shops with cool stuff. You can find good and bad food, both pet and food fish, lots of little goods and other random things. It is a little bit dirty and dingy and I would not walk around alone at night. It does have some little gems hidden within but they are hard to find.
"Chinatown is simple. And a little bit dirty. Wade through the throngs of older Asian bunching up on the corners of coffee shops and try ignore what may be the largest pigeon population in all of the Greater Boston area, and you'll be rewarded. In lumps sums of delicious, cheap cuisine. 

Running the gamut from Vietnamese and Japanese, to Malaysian, Cantonese and Korean, Chinatown is home to some of the best food in the city. Dim sum (cart and non-cart), Shabu, tons of Pho, more buns than you can imagine, Peking Duck, egg custards, sushi, bubble tea, dumplings...how are you not hungry yet?

Forget the sketch. It's part of the charm."
A small yet growing Chinatown in Boston.  If my memory bank serves me right, Boston Chinatown seems so much smaller back when I visited in 2008.  I think it has gradually expanded over the years.  As a tourist, the freedom trail led me to the entrance of Boston's Chinatown where I noticed the paifang, a traditional Chinese architectural form, and I just could not resist taking a picture with it.  YES, that is what tourists do lol.  Then as I stepped inside Chinatown, I immediately saw a park which opened around the 1970's and has Chinese culture incorporated in its design - pretty neat!  Then an interesting mural painted along a Chinatown promenade caught my sight.  I think there are several murals painted in different parts of Chinatown!  Of course, you are expected to find lots of Chinese restaurants inside Chinatown but you can also find an array of other Asian resturants, such as Vietnamese, Japanese, and even Mongolian.  While exploring Boston Chinatown, I was only able to find 1 souvenir store, an Asian craft store consisting of eastern and western knick-knacks to be exact.  Roaming around some more resulted in my finding unique telephone booths in the paifang style!  Of couse, I didn't get to use it since I have my cell phone on me haha.  Boston Chinatown sure is a welcoming place for tourists like me!
"The Boston Chinatown, while quite small relative to NYC or SanFran, gets the job done.  There are a variety of restaurants (Pho, DimSum, Hot Pot, etc), grocery stores, and sketchy massage places (yay for happy endings).  

The location is also very convenient to the T (Chinatown stop, duh) and is within walking distance to several other Boston neighborhoods.

I only give it 4 stars because you can't buy veggies and fish off the street, NYC style (although I did see turtles......)"
"China town in Boston was wonderful . 

It was very cute and there was tons of little shops everywhere as well as great food restaurants . 

Definitley recommend for other tourists ."
"Street fest twice a year is fun to go to.  Many people still think Chinatown is a scary place to go but it has been cleaned up over the years and is actually much smaller than you would think.

There are only a few main streets within Chinatown with lots of places to pick from to grab a meal, some pastries, a bubble drink or some trinkets.

It is more fun to go with a group so you can order and buy things to try and not get stuck with something you don't like.

Customer Service can be a bit different based on the culture.  If you want something be sure to step up the counter and place your order.  I am not suggesting you need to be rude but really just don't be shy.  Sometimes if you are waiting for service someone else may step up and place their order in front of you which wouldn't be uncommon.

Dim Sum, Hot Pot, Dragon Dances are just a few highlights.  I've brought a few groups here to visit and tour around and its lots of fun."
Boston's Chinatown hasn't changed since 40 years ago the only thing that changes here are the names on the restaurants. If you want Asian fare this is the place to come anything from Chinese bakeries Teufel hundred percent says one dishes that will light your mouth on fire and everything in between planned to spend the day if you drive-in you either have to get lucky with a parking spot or head into a garage that'll cost you $30 $40 minimum Boston Chinatown deserves five stars for staying authentic I'm taking one *Away just for the packing factor alone Other then that head over to Chinatown and enjoy
"I used to work in Chinatown and I can't stress how sketchy it is there. Its actually a lot of fun to walk around, but its nothing like NYC. There are a lot of food places, and chinese bakeries which have really delicious sweet and savory pastries.
I do recall one time while standing infront of one of the chicken slaughter houses, a chinese woman dressed nicely, blowing as not rocket on someones car.
I also enjoyed the hookers and pimps at night, but come on its china town. Its a lot of fun and you need to see it from morning til night.
Dim sum and other great food are plentiful so bring your appetites!"
Chinatown is super fun. They have a bunch of Vietnamese (4 restaurants I noticed) and Japanese food in addition to Chinese ones. There are multiple boba spots (Chatime, Gongcha), dessert options (ex: Beard Papa for cream puffs, Sakura Sunnaku for crepes), gift shops, and much more. The crepe store is located in a small food court that has other stuff like ramen, shaved ice and sushi.  The streets are super busy. The markets sell exotic fruits like mangosteen, lychee, rambutan, durian, jackfruit, and longan. It always seems to be bustling and exciting. There aren't a ton of bright red lanterns or fun lights like San Francisco's Chinatown but there is still the pagoda-shaped entrance way that marks that you've entered Chinatown. I even saw one store that sold live chicken (poor chickens in the cage).
"Work, live and play here!!!!

It's sad to see industrialization and affluence become the dominating part of this once working class but impoverished community. Although I do not miss the combat zone, I'd like to see the working class living here not just coming to work. The revitalization of the area is amazing. I work on the border of Chinatown and Downtown Crossing. 20 years ago no one would go out at night in this area, slowly it is changing. When the theaters are going, it is hopping. After work is a great time to go out and of course there is Shabu Zen, House of Dumplings and the China Pearl, to name of few of the great places to eat. All in one area.

The Chinese New Year in February is a celebration not to be missed. Look on your local calendar or do a quick google search. If you have never been, it is a Boston experince that you must do!!!"
Wonderful late night food in Boston. Plenty of classic, authentic styles of Chinese food. Well worth a trip. A good place to explore, especially if you are in Boston late night.
We took the trolley and exited to walk through China town.  It had many restaurants and stores, but not the market type vendor stands that I'm used to seeing in other large cities.   It was pretty subdued here and didn't have much going on.  The stores and restaurants seemed nice, but it wasn't time for any meal for us to try out a restaurant. The stores were what we were hoping for.  It was still a nice visit and place to walk through.
"I have to keep telling myself; 

Don't be the douche to compare NYC Chinatown to Boston
Don't be the douche to compare NYC Chinatown to Boston
Don't be the douche to compare NYC Chinatown to Boston

So today I'm not going to be that douche. I will base Chinatown simply on it's own merit of my experience. Small as it may be there's good, cheap food everywhere. It's not terribly clean and pretty smelly, but what neighborhood in Boston isn't? You've got one big wide open space near the highway and often times you can find groups of Chinese men playing mahjong or go. 

Not so much a tourist trap as a place for locals to get some grub, area residents to shop and every once and a while a community event bringing outsiders in to showcase some of Bostonian Chinese American culture and cuisine. 

And yay for me, I didn't compare it to NYC even once. I think."
"I am a dedicated Yelper based out of Las Vegas, Nevada. One of the things that I have been passionate about on Yelp is trying many of the Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas. From the time that I was a toddler, Chinese food as always been up there as one of my favorite foods. It's saying something that I cherish wonton soup as much as I do now as I did in 1976. When we visited Boston it was obvious that I was going to pay myself a visit to its Chinatown. 

   Bostons Chinatown is not just any Chinatown. It is the third largest Chinatown in the United States trailing behind San Francisco at #1 and New York City at #2. And according to Wikipedia, Bostons Chinatown is also the only surviving ethnic Chinese area in New England. According to me, Chinatown was a nice way to spend a couple of hours in downtown Boston. 

   The best way to describe Chinatown in relation to the rest of downtown Boston is to compare it to a clock. On the clock, Chinatown would be at the 5 o' clock position where the Waterfront would be at 3 o' clock, North Beach at 1 o' clock,  the Esplanade and Beacon Hill at 10 o' clock, and Back Bay with Fenway at 9 o,  clock. This clock comparison makes a point that Boston Chinatown is in the heart of the action instead of off the clock such as in Chicago and Washington DC. On a second day in Boston Chinatown was a nice walk from the Beacon Hill Wyndham that would be at the 12:00 o' clock position. It was the southernmost point of a Boston walk that took me through Beacon Hill, Boston Commons, and the Theatre District. 

   Today, Chinatown is contiguous to the Boston Theatre District where traveling Broadway shows perform. Chinatown is exit stage right for off Broadway Theatres. The sundry of restaurants make for a fitting authentic meal before a Broadway show. Chinatown wasn't always off Broadway neighbor. Years ago this area was known as the Combat Zone, a district where the word  red light doesn't mean stop. What did stop were people visiting Chinatown at night. Through revitalization, the Theatre District is bringing more nightlife to Chinatown. 

  Originating from the Theatre District to the west is Beach Street-the Main Street of Chinatown. From Washington Street to Surface Street (above I-93), Beach Street is a bustling street housing Chinese restaurants, Vietnamese restaurants, and numerous Asian restaurants. What differentiates Boston's Chinatown from San Francisco, Portland, Chicago, and other Chinatowns that I have visited outside of Las Vegas are that there aren't primarily Chinese restaurants. Although the variety is a good thing, it creates less Chinese restaurant choices. Walking along Beach Street some of the restaurant choices include Pho Hoa, Gourmet Dumpling House, East Ocean City, Great Taste Bakery and Restaurant, Ho Yuen Bakery, and Hot Pot Buffet. The perpendicular streets including Harrison Avenue, Tyler Street, and Washington Street extend the dining choices. 

  USA Today describes Chinatowns as cities within cities. When I visited Boston Chinatown I felt as if I was in a city within a city. It was a city with its own distinct languages, cruisine, culture, and architecture. The landmark architecture is the Chinatown Gate at  Beach Street where it intersects Surface Road above the Interstate 93 tunnel. After walking the busy streets of Chinatown trying to pick up a vibe on the right Chinese restaurant we'd sit on a bench at Chinatown Park overlooking the Chinatown Gate with the foo lion on each side. Chinatown Park with its prime view of Chinatown Gate is a nice amenity. Owing to the fact that Chinatown is one of the densist neighborhoods in Boston, it is rare to find a place to sit on the sidewalk. Chinatown Park provides a shady spot to relax on a bench in Chinatown. It is the lungs of Chinatown. From my understanding if I stood in this spot years ago, I'd be standing on top of a fan building for the tunnel. Today I could sit in this spot and look one way to see the activity in Chinatown and another way to see the skyline of the Financial District. 

   Boston Chinatown is historic. The buildings and urban design seem to have changed little in 130 years. If you took out the Chinese and Asian letters, Chinatown gate, and decorations; it resembles a typical historic Boston neighborhood. 

  After spending time by the Chinatown Arch, Ocean East City was the restaurant that gave us our best vibe and subsequently served us our Chinatown Chinese food dinner. I'm sure we wouldn't have gone wrong at any of the other Chinese restaurants. 

  After dinner, it was time to leave Chinatown by way of Washington Street and explore the Downtown Crossing area north of it. As I headed toward the Paramount Theatre, I thought to myself that the third largest Chinatown in America is 4 stars. In my opinion it is better than the ones I visited in Chicago, Seattle, Portland, and Vancouver yet not as nice as the one in San Francisco."
Boston Chinatown is like choosing, door #1, door #2, or door #3?  You never know what you're going to get in entering a restaurant. There is more selection of restaurants in Chinatown; I've noticed that Shabu-shabu, Malaysian and Japanese cuisines are evolved in popularity. I ate at this Chinese restaurant for breakfast, I ordered shrimp shumai and I noticed older adults sitting next to our table are eating enjoying chicken feet. If you are truly adventurous foodie, you might consider tasting the popular dim sum - chicken feet. As for me, I was not brave enough to try it and I don't think I can stomach it. Whatever your taste palette desire, it will get fulfilled. There are a lot of choices of ethnic food that you might enjoy and even Chinese pastry!
"Yikes! 3rd largest Chinatown in US? You sure? Maybe that factoid predates the internet. It's not large by any scale. Maybe the flavoring of the dishes but nothing more. Food is good. Typical Chinese stuff like  boba, bakeries, noodles, rice, dim sum and then some. The 'then some' is when the sun sets and ballers are creeping in. Pimps let their ladies of the night post up there. During the day the place does not look like US. It looks 3rd world or like your teenagers room. It's damp, dirty, chaotic and thank goodness I've got martial art skills. Don't know if a dragon lady or thug will be doing a back flip triple summersault off a car to threaten me for my Eggpuffs. 

Mel M
Yelp 17:110"
"Not to be confused with the one in Virginia (VA China town), to which I like to go down all the time, usually to eat out, and I can spend hours eating out down at the VA China Town, but this one is great too.

Since coming here in the old days I have found out that Boston's Chinatown is even better than I thought. There's great Vietnamese sandwiches and wonderful bakeries (especially if you like Wife Cakes aka Winter Melon cakes) and some of the best sushi I've ever had for some of the cheapest prices.

There's some great two or three a.m. late night places and it's just a few blocks walk from some of the sexiest nightclubs in the area. Lots of hot people watching at night around here. And they have a brand new bubble tea shop which absolutely delights me, it's called Royaltea, it's a chain but a great one. And Tea Do is an excellent chain, also here. Beardpapas here is one of the better ones I've had, sharing a space with a great Chatime, same owners. 2 KFT locations, a good Gong Cha, and literally the very best sushi I've had at Avana, and the cheapest too. Brilliant. Oh, and the original egg puffs, in the same little plaza as the sushi!

Avana Sushi
https://www.yelp.com/biz/avana-sushi-boston
Egg Puffs
https://www.yelp.com/biz/egg-puffs-boston

My old review:
Not as good as VA Chinatown (as in Virginia, you dirty thing) but it's awesome.

Boston's Chinatown is perfect. Tiny, fun, busy, bustling, lively, lovely, hilarious, unpredictable, and perfect. There are amazing bakeries and places for drinks, excellent restaurants and parking tickets aplenty, and little malls that you never expect to find yourself in, selling things you've never seen before or imagined. It's not as extensive as Manhattan's Chinatown, or especially the amazing Flushing in Queens, but it is a little more lively than the counterparts in DC and Philly.

Be very careful with parking when in this Chinatown. In some spots, you can get away with all kinds of illegal double parking. In others, you will be ticketed almost instantly. Be very aware and vigilant. You can get a ticket in 20 seconds here.

Check these places out when in Chinatown Boston:

Top Bread - for Wife Cakes
New Dong - great name - for Avocado Smoothie

So get down! Get down to Chinatown!"
"First time attending the Chinese New Year celebration in 2016! So much fun and lots to see. Love the lion dancers and fun to walk around after the main performance and watch them dance in front of the shops with firecrackers. 
Follow them on Facebook to find out when they have celebrations/festivals. 

Limited street metered Parking. Big paid parking garages across the street by the big gates."
"Chinatown is Chinatown. Not sure what else to say. 

Good food (if you like Chinese...) and, depending on the shop, always changing or always there. 

Make sure you've got GoogleMaps up on your phone..."
"Good food
Bakery in every corner 
Great imported beer
Crowded
No parking 

This is the smallest Chinatown I've ever visited. I didn't see many tourist, not very entertaining but what won me over was the food. 

They have Vietnamese, Chinese, Indonesian and Malaysian food. Bakeries on every corner and the best: imported Japanese & Chinese beer! I went back to my hotel room with a pack of beer and a sorted amount of pastries :)

Street parking is horrible but I do recommend parking in a lot to save yourself from a hit and run. 

Totally recommend.  The bubble tea is very delicious and so is the beer."
"When I first came here about 8 years ago I really wasn't a fan.  It seems desolate and nothing was opened.  After coming here this past weekend, I am beginning to wonder if my mind was playing tricks on me.  That or if I was in another world and didn't realize it haha.  

We had a really good time coming here. There are tons of restaurants, shops, and even a really cool park.  There are lots of people out and about and it seems like a nice little mini NYC Chinatown.  They have quite a few bakeries which is a staple in any Chinatown and even when it was cold out the lines were long.

I swear I have no idea how it was so different this time, but I am so glad we came back.  The only issue is parking is pretty bad, but Boston is notorious for that.  Boston flat out has the worst parking in any city I have been to.  That is another story though."
This was my first visiting Boston. I was hungry and the place I wanted to go was in RI. So sadly they were closed for the winter and I realize there is a reason for me to come back due to seafood place. Boston China was really cool. I def like the atompshere, everything was in one area. A lot of restuarants right next to each other. Wish I could of stay longer to really see what it's like during the day in China town. If you guys are ever in city visiting. I would recommend checking this area out.
"Not as good as VA Chinatown (as in Virginia, you dirty thing) but it's awesome.

Boston's Chinatown is perfect. Tiny, fun, busy, bustling, lively, lovely, hilarious, unpredictable, and perfect. There are amazing bakeries and places for drinks, excellent restaurants and parking tickets aplenty, and little malls that you never expect to find yourself in, selling things you've never seen before or imagined. It's not as extensive as Manhattan's Chinatown, or especially the amazing Flushing in Queens, but it is a little more lively than the counterparts in DC and Philly.

Be very careful with parking when in this Chinatown. In some spots, you can get away with all kinds of illegal double parking. In others, you will be ticketed almost instantly. Be very aware and vigilant. You can get a ticket in 20 seconds here.

Check these places out when in Chinatown Boston:

Top Bread - for Wife Cakes
New Dong - great name - for Avocado Smoothie
Egg Puffs - for some Egg Puffs!"
This is definitely the place to go in the Boston area if you are looking for authentic Chinese food.  There are many restaurants to choose from including good bakeries.  It is an interesting place to visit, to have a good meal, dessert, or a snack.  It is not as large a neighborhood as New York or San Francisco's Chinatown, but I feel it is cleaner.  A must-see especially if you are an out-of-town visitor.
Chinatown is dangerous.  And I'm not talking about the people.  I'm talking about the birds.  These genetically mutant seagulls look like they were cross bred with vultures.  They are big, they are resourcful and they are not afraid of humans.  If I see a pack of more then three of them I cross the street.  And don't dare leave your window open without a screen because they will enter your bedroom, take up residence and then your f*cked.  Might as well sleep on the couch.  I once looked out my window and saw a seagull with a big dead rat in its beak staring right back at me.  Alfred Hitchcock has nothing on Chinatown. We all know who runs this town.
"Die Chinatown 波士顿唐人街 befindet sich im Zentrum von Boston und ist das einzige historische chinesische Stadtgebiet in Neuengland. Wir sind nur aufgrund der günstigen Parkmöglichkeiten dort gelandet.

Wer eine Chinatown wie in New York oder San Francisco erwartet, wird eher enttäuscht sein. Das Viertel ist keine Attraktion und auch noch verhältnismäßig klein. Die Bauwerke sehen recht unspektakulär aus und es wirkt dort ein wenig schmutzig. Im Dunkeln würde ich mich dort nicht wohl fühlen.

Das Highlight aus meiner Sicht ist das typische Eingangstor zur Chinatown, ein sogenanntes Pailou mit Wächterlöwen auf beiden Seite. Man findet es an der Kreuzung von Beach Street und Surface Road. 

Im Viertel hat man eine Auswahl an chinesischen und vietnamesischen Restaurants in verschiedenen Preisklassen. Darüber hinaus findet hier regelmäßig ein Markt satt und man findet Asia Läden mit chinesischen Lebensmitteln und anderen Waren.

Mittlerweile sind viele Geschäfte in den Stadtteil Quincy umgezogen, da dort viele chinesische Immigranten und im Exil lebende Vietnamesen wohnen. Den Besuch der Chinatown in Boston kann ich nicht empfehlen."
"I have been traveling for awhile, but still haven't been to a Chinatown. So our friends decided to show us the one in Boston. The Chinatown actually located in the middle of the city, as you as you saw some shop with the Chinese on the advertising boards, then you know you are there already. the size of it isn't so big, but surely get some cool restaurants and shops. At the main entrance got a traditional gate which looks pretty nice. 

It was my first visit to a Chinatown so far in other countries. It was quite interesting to see the culture of the oversea Chinese. Of course, not only Chinese are living here. We walked passed couple cool restaurants which looked quite good. But we wasn't hungry, didn't have the chance try them out. my friends told me some of few places here are quite popular and good. So if you in the mood to have a dinner in Asian style. why not come here and have a look. You might find something special and good."
I was very surprised that Boston had a decent Chinatown.    There were quite a few blocks of Asian busineses and lots of Asian people walking around. We stopped in at a local dim sum shop, which was good but unfortunately we were too full to take advantage of all the Asian bakeries nearby.
"Chinese is my 2nd favorite cuisine . Hence I make sure to visit chinatown if there is one in  town.I even figured out few spots to check out before going there.

It was lunch time and after walking a lot around freedom it was time to rest and even my phone needed some charge. 

This chinatown is no different from other chinatown's with lot of street vendors selling produce, feet massage centers, dim sum places,some wall murals and the mandatory Arch at the entrance.

There is a small park( Named as park but it is not) with few tables and people playing cards in open  definitely a thing  probably from Asian culture.

Pros:
--------
Good Dim sum at winsor Dim sum Cafe
Inexpensive food
Lot of options to choose
Close to downtown

MBTA orange line stops at chinatown station.
South station is served by Red line
Boylston station is served by Green line for north east corner.

Get some Dim Sum and Boba guys!!!"
"Where ever I go...if there is a China town I will never miss it. I love Chinese food and shopping and the energy in the air. 
I enjoyed the Vancouver China town the most so far that is in Richmond BC....followed by toronto and then Boston China town. I was not happy with the long line ups in every restaurant and the seafood was as fresh as in Toronto.  My expectation were the food should match Vancouver standards...but not....given boston is also on the coastline.  Food was nothing special I tried the hot potato and dumpling house. Although Jade garden looked interesting with the fusion cuisine of Chinese American....but I couldn't go in owing to super long waiting. Will try next time."
Frickin' love this place. I thought it was teeny-tiny when I first came here (I'm from the Bay Area, so...yeah) but there always things to be entertained by. The best part is watching the old men playing Chinese chess on a cold afternoon. So adorable.
"My parents loved taking a day trip with us here a couple of times a month. We live in Rhode Island so it's about an hour drive. We would find parking in a parking garage for the day usually for $20 and we would walk around Chinatown. 

My parents were pretty strategic; we would stop by Chau Chow City for dim sum then we would walk on over to the Chinese bakery and order a box full of sweets to go. We would walk around and sightsee. I've always loved Chinatown whether it is in Boston or New York. However, this particular place holds a spot close to my heart. The traffic is crazy busy here and people don't look when they cross the street. I love the bright lights of all the restaurants. There are bars, restaurants, karaoke places, and you're in walking distance to other parts of Boston. I have yet to try all the restaurants here but I look forward to doing so when I come back!"
I really enjoyed visiting Chinatown in Boston! My fiancé and I always visit the local Chinatown when traveling. We stumbled upon Boston's when driving through to get to our hotel. We noticed the many restaurants and bakeries that lined up the street and around the corner. This Chinatown is big! We went to Shabu-Zen Hot Pot which was delicious and also went to Bao Bao for Thai Iced Tea w/Boba, bao, and  macarons (yes, French but they were delicious). I would definitely come back to this Chinatown again.
Not as big as some of the other Chinatown areas We've walked about.  This was a small area but i like the vibe and always find it interesting.  We looked around and went into some shops.
100% recommend. This little store sells the most authentic Indonesian food I have ever had.
If you are looking for authentic Malaysian/Indonesian food you need to go to Gee! Located on the 3rd floor food court in a huge plaza. The flavor of the food is amazing and has a nice kick to it if you like spicy food. Personally my favorite was the Indonesian fried rice along with an iced milk tea. Pricing was very reasonable for the amount of food that you are getting. If you are around the Aberdeen mall area in Richmond, BC and looking for a quick bite, look no further than a few blocks to this restaurant.
No joke, this place is good.  The pandang beef was so tender and saturated with spices, an absolute shock as I was eating it.  How does this place not have a line around the corner?  Oh right, because this is the deadest mall/food court in Richmond.  Well actually, the new Aberdeen Place is almost as dead and empty too.  Anyway, for this price point at $7-8, this is one of the best dishes you can get in all of metro Vancouver.  Genuine southeast asian cuisine.    Even just the fish sauce tasted so good.  What do they do to it?  I felt sorry for all those people allergic to fish sauce.  The taste was phenomenal.
Pretty authentic Indonesian/Malaysian food in a fairly derelict Chinese mall.  Love their beef rendang, laksa as well as Otak Otak.  This is a family business their hours are not always consistent as I have found out on multiple occasions, so don't be surprised if you find them closed during normal operating hours.
"This is truly gem, in Pacific Plaza 2nd floor ""food Court"" on Odin Cresent Road in  Richmond. It's hidden in the "" food court"" area ; you look for the ""food court"" entrance. The owner is so nice,  even at the busiest Chinese New Year week, she did her very best to rush my order in a very short notice : I ordered: a cake of Indonesian kueh lapis, 2 dozens each of : ang Gu kueh, kueh Lemper, kueh dada, kueh kachi for me to back home to Seattle. I will give her more notice next time.  It's really hard to find Singaporean/Malaysian/Indonesian desserts in Seattle. Several of her clients are from Seattle & Bellevue areas.  The singapore Laksa is very authentic n tasty, beef Rendang was very tender and good. Chendol was great! I will definitely go back again and recommend To those that craving for singapore/Malaysian/Indonesian  desserts"
Amazing Indonesia food!! Must get the Indonesian fried rice, beef curry, roti and laksa. Everything is homemade family recipes! Small family owned restaurant in the corner of the food court. Definitely a hidden treasure!
"This is an authentic Malaysia and Indonesia taste restaurant .  I love it !!
Owner very friendly and introduce us different favor of curry. You really can tell they want to bring the real good stuffs into community."
"They sell homemade sambal chili paste!!! 

I got their nasi goreng and sambal chili paste for take out. The nasi goreng was pretty decent- I didn't mind if it was a bit spicier but was still quite satisfied. 

What I really like about is their homemade sambal chilli paste. So delicious and addictive! Since I have purchased it, I use it for everything -  green bean stir fry, fried rice, boiled egg and sandwiches...(?!) .  Dangerously addictive...might drop by here to purchase the sauce again...."
"It's in a food court that we never knew existed. We shared the Beef Pandan and Lamb Curry. 7/10 and 7.5/10 respectively. 
The beef could have been warmer but tender enough. Flavorful. Wasn't quite an eating experience tho. 
The lamb curry was more enjoyable. More 'stuff' in it, carrots onions... The coconut curry sauce was nice. 
Both dishes came with a nice shrimp chili paste with little dried fish and peanuts. Goes with both dishes quite well. 
Nice owners and very friendly. It also the only kiosk in the food court with an English menu. Helpful!!!"
"-home cooking in a food court-

This place offers a variety of Malaysian/Indonesian style dishes at an incredibly lower price point. This makes up for the fact that it's so hidden. 

Roti - fluffy and flavourful. 

Nasi goreng - a mildly spicy fried rice dish. They seem to use quite a lot of shrimp paste (not really sure). It's very good.

Shrimp laksa - it's not the spiciest laksa I've had, but it is pretty flavourful. The shrimp is pretty big and it comes with an assortment of other toppings. Not a bad thing to order. 

Skewers - meet on a stick. It's good. I personally would have preferred the sauce seperate. Has peanuts. 

Brisket curry -  decent entry. Not much else to say. 

3 layer milk tea - this was very delicious. It's sweet. But it's worth ordering if you love milk tea. 

Given the price point and the surprising amount of flavour and portions, this is a pretty amazing spot. Their homemade spicy shrimp paste is also pretty awesome."
"I was really excited to learn that Gee! Tastes Good had otak-otak and kue lapis (layer egg cake) so I resolved to go.

Before going I tried to pre-order the kue lapis but was told the person who normally made it wasn't making it at the moment. I tried to ask when it might be available but the person on the phone wouldn't let me have a word in edgewise and just kept repeating that it wasn't available. Huh.

Once I got there I noticed they also had roti canai, and being a sucker for rotis I just had to try it. So I ordered one otak-otak and one roti canai.

Roti canai ($2.75)
-Flaky on the inside and not bad, but not fluffy.
-Curry weak and not very flavourful.
-Best part of this is that it's cheap at $2.75.

Otak-Otak ($3)
-Pretty large portion for $3.
-Taste was OK.
-What was personally disappointing was that I had hoped for the grilled Singaporean style and hadn't expected it to be the steamed style of otak-otak, and this probably biased my enjoyment of it.
-If you've never had it before, it's worth a try. It's like a tender fish ball with a complex flavour of spices.

Cassava with Coconut Milk ($1)
-Only $1! For a pretty big portion of dessert.
-As desserts go it's pretty decent tasting and not too sweet. At $1, this is great value!

Friendly staff. They also automatically gave me a cup of tea with my order.
Food overall OK but bonus points for service and price for portion."
"* Gee! Hidden food court treasures *

Gee! How did I not know that this food court existed?  I thought I had stumbled onto all of the hidden food courts in Richmond.  But alas, Gee!, a new one, and with a pleasant surprise of an Indonesian cook that prepares Malaysian food too!  Bonus Gee!  

I eyed a lot of offerings, but it was a cold day, so I settled on the heavily highlighted (it was #1 on the menu!) prawn laksa ($7.50) and he had an extra big picture of it on the photo board.

It was fresh prepared and ready in about 5 minutes with a cup of complimentary hot tea.  First impression - Gee! what big prawns you have!  From the photo you may think it was a small bowl. It wasn't. Those prawns were very big! And Gee!, there were 4 of them!  The prawns were nicely prepared, still had some good snap to them, and had been fully and properly cleaned. Gee! Delicious!  (Or I suppose I should say, Gee! Taste Good) 

Stirring up the laksa uncovered two types of rice noodles (thick and thin but no egg noodles), fish cake slices, tofu puffs, bean sprouts, and hard boiled egg slices. I know that some styles have no egg noodles, but I kinda missed those as I like having the variety personally. That said, the rice noodles were nicely cooked with a bit of chew still. The tofu puffs were cut in half to help them soak up the broth, and gave flavour explosions with each bite. The hard boiled egg was slightly past the point I like them cooked - perhaps the yolks hardened a bit more in the very hot broth before I discovered them though.  The broth itself was nicely balanced and quite rich. I personally like to have more belachan and laksa leaf flavour to my laksa broth, but that is just a personal preference I suppose, and perhaps a stylistic difference for Indonesian style.  All of that said, this was a very satisfying bowl, and Gee! did I mention those prawns?  

Photos:  http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/gee-taste-good-richmond?select=ZltdmF9OvVgaFJKS8oIAXw and http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/gee-taste-good-richmond?select=FoPQaVdUkPUkJ_-6IeoA9g

I'm definitely going to wander on back and explore some of the other stalls in the food court.  There were several that had almost zero English writing, and I didn't see any non Asian customers at all in this hidden food court.  Gee!, more explorations coming soon!"
"- Gee! The laksa is dancing in my mouth - 

I am not a laksa fan usually but laksa in Gee Taste Good made me shouted, ""GEEEEE!! It TASTEs so GOOD!""

Gee! Taste Good is located in a food court in a mall that you don't think people would go. My husband and I found the place when we were looking for a driving school (wish me luck!). 

Price is good. Sitting area is clean. 

Shrimp laksa ($8.7: You can choose non spicy or different levels of spicy. Shrimps were fresh and firm. Other ingredients were quite standard: 2 different types of noodles, bean sprout, fried tofu, fish slices and egg. The taste of coconut cream in the soup was so strong. They also provided some homemade belacan sauce which made the soup richer. 

Curry triangle with beef: fresh made and more crispy than it looked. Inside would be super hot so please be aware of it. It was juicy and delicious. I think I will always want to order this tasty snack whenever I go there. 

3 layers milk tea: It looked beautiful and it was a bit sweet comparing with the hong kong style milk tea that I love. Good to have with laksa. 

Milk tea fact: 3 layers milk tea is a traditional drink in Malaysia. The 3 layers are Malaysian gula melaka (palm sugar syrup), evaporated milk and black tea.  

I think I will go there every so often. And I am going to buy the homemade belacan sauce for home cooking."
This is my fav hidden spot for Indonesian/Malaysian food in Richmond. They currently have a lobster laksa (for a limited time) and also offer a variety of rice and noodle dishes. It's always busy here, so you know it's good!
"The best Singapore/ Malaysia Laksa with lots of coconut milk curry and with generous big prawns! So is the Gado Gado and the Lamb Curry yummy yummy.  Nice authentic cold ""chendol "" drink very authentic.  Friendly lady owner who now run the business as her mum has retired. A gem in the food court.  Will be back to try their other authentic foods."
"Tried the place with the goofy name.   I ordered pork satay,  roti canai, otak otak and the 3 layer milk tea.   I must have been hungry as I started eating and forgot to take a picture first.   

The pork satay was juicy and had a good amount of peanut sauce slathered on it. It was so tasty, I slurped it all up at the end.   First time eating otak otak.   It was cooked in a banana leaf and had a texture similar to a home made sausage. It went well with their home made chili and fermented shrimp paste.  Not sure if I would order it again since I liked the other items more and want to try other things next time. 

The roti was nice and light with a crispy exterior.   I could have eaten a second one.   I asked the server for a spicier curry to dip the roti in and she was happy to oblige. The sweet tea was a nice compliment to all the flavours and textures. It also had an unfamiliar taste to it. As it turns out, it was brown sugar.  Anyways,  it was different and tasty. 

This is the best fast food indonesian/malaysian food I have found so far and the prices are right. Lucky I work in Richmond so that I can pop by whenever I get a craving for satay and roti.  

I also asked about their multi layered dessert which wasn't available.   I was kindly told that it takes 6 hours to make and they only make it for custom orders and special occasions like Christmas and New Years. 

I will be back to try this!"
Hidden gem in Pacific plaza food court . Their Lobster Laksa is along with Rendang Beef is one of our favourite . The lobster laksa must be pre ordered and on my available on Wednesday . Having grown up in Malaysia and Singapore, we are constantly in search for Authentic laksa and rendang beef. This place never fails . They have a more Indonesian slant in their curry taste . So be warned that their rendang beef may not be what you used to if you have not had Indonesian food. To us, their Beef rendang has the richness of spices that you will not find in most rendang beef . Their laksa soup is not heavy work coconut milk, unlike other places . The broth is thinner but the spiciness and flavoring is there . Very good pricing as well unlike other Malaysian Singaporean restaurants . In light of the current global pandemic, small business operators like this couple rely on our support more than ever . Recommend you give this place a try
Overall we quite enjoyed all our takeout from Gee Taste Good. All the dishes were under $10 each and was a decent meal for take out! We ordered Nasi Goreng + Roti Canai + Beef Rendang + Casava Coconut Cake. And it all came under $20 with very decent portions. Nasi Goreng was a favourite! It had a nice chewy texture in the rice that reminded me of Chinese sticky rice! The Beef Rendang was very flavourful too. I would recommend skipping the roti because it just wasn't the same add the fluffy ones you get at the restaurants. The Casava cake was neat to try. It was a chewy Tapioca like cake that has a cane scar taste. Read great things about their laksa too and would have to hit them up again next time! Really worth a visit and a great way to support a small family run business! If you plan to visit it is a bit hidden on the second floor of the building's food court!
"Neighbourhood favourite at a food court - one of my favourite small restaurants for authentic (and spicy if you want) Indonesian/Malaysian food!

Hainanese chicken rice: chicken is juicy and tender and chicken rice is packed with flavour.

Prawn laksa: soup is wonderful and rich and they give you the two different types of rice noodles. The soup noodle includes bean curds which absorbs all the wonderful flavours.

Different types of Kueh (SEA desserts): include different types of desserts made from pandan, coconut and tapioca."
It's pretty good for a mall food. The laksa was delicious! 3 layered tea was good too..
"Get the beef rendang which is absolutely tender and delicious and fragrant.

I ordered the nasi campur which gave a bit of everything - rice with 2 curries and beef/potato ball, peanuts and keropok. I had the beef rendang and the chili/sour chicken. I preferred the beef rendang more than the chicken. The coconut yellow rice was also good though it could have more coconut taste.

The gado-gado was ok. The peanut gravy/sauce was spot on and took me back to Indonesia. 

We also tried the kueh lapis (steamed layer cake) and that was also authentic and nice."
"Hidden gem in the pacific plaza food court. Good flavour decent portion however it's getting more expensive. I would still come here for the laksa though if I don't feel like driving to far cause this place is close to my home. Friendly owner and their green coconut pudding dessert is good. Sometimes she runs out very quickly. I usually get the shrimp laksa and comes with tofu puffs, egg, and fish balls sliced. It's located in a smaller food court than usual and it's hard to find first time. It's worth it though and the spicy is very hot/flavourful. I would recommend mild if you are not in to spicy. 

Good place for a quick lunch and decent value!"
This is my favorite restaurant in Vancouver. Great food and good service in a pleasant environment. Their specials (e.g. lunch for 2 $25 or multi-course dinner for ~$30) let you sample some of the highlights of the menu, including rendang beef curry, carmelized onion and ginger fish, sambal green beans... Too many fantastic items to list. Don't forget to order some roti as an appetizer.
"Went here on Tuesday (July 14th) for my birthday dinner. My family and I enjoyed it here. Service was quick and friendly and the food was good although my parents didn't quite like the Singaporean laksa. (We asked to make it vegetarian). My mom had been to Singapore some years back and comparing the laksa she had here to the one she had in Singapore, she said the laksa here lacked something she couldn't pin down. Odd, though, since I'm reading reviews here raving about the laksa. Maybe we got the odd one out.

We all loved the rest of the dishes we ordered, though, and I have to say the pineapple fried rice is amazing! It had just the right sweetness and crunch from the pineapple chunks. We asked for a vegetarian version and were gladly accommodated. The roti canai was delicious as was the tofu goreng. We had to order two dishes of tofu goreng as it was just too good. Perfectly crisp on the outside and silky on the inside while the sauce was very flavourful.

Will be back again especially for the tofu goreng and the (vegetarian) pineapple fried rice."
"Stopped in here for lunch today.  Scored a primo table by the front window which was great!

Took a little while for my meal to arrive but it was worth it.  The lamb curry was delicious.  Most, flavorful and bite after bite of deliciousness!

Topped off with a Stanley Park Amber it was the perfect mid-day respite."
My favourite location out of the rest of them! I always take friends visiting from out of town here, if they're looking for some new cuisine to try. Best Singapore laksa I've had and the roti canai is amazing. This place is usually pretty busy, so make an appointment ahead of time for dinner. Service is great, they do the best they can at this busy location, but maybe they should have more servers on staff. The waiting time to get food is long, but the food is worth waiting for.
Love the beef curry and the malaysian laksa. The renovation is a bit outdated i feel but the food is good. Pretty loud in here also. But definitely one of the best thai / malaysian food joint in the city.
"Stopped by for dinner and glad we made reservations as there was a short line up.  We selected the 9 course tasting menu for $30 per person.  It is a good tasting menu that provides persons who may not have tasted Malaysian food, some great dishes.  We really enjoyed the roti, chicken satay, the samba green beans (not overly spiced) and the caramelized ginger sablefish.  Each dish had a unique flavour profile and I loved the smell of the garlic in the sablefish dish when they brought it out.  

The staff were very pleasant and attentive and the only negative (and I mean a slight negative) was that the rendang beef was overcooked.

This was a very positive food experience and I would recommend this restaurant..we will be coming back."
Amazing Take Away Experience! Incredibly fresh and flavourful. Lovely service as well.
"Banana Leaf is my go-to place for Malaysian food.  I love their Hainanese chicken, the char kuey teow, the laksa, and oh yes, the roti canai....like, if it wouldn't be super overkill I would eat everything with their roti canai and the sauce.  The only thing I'm not really a fan of is the dessert with all the different jelly things swimming around in it (forgot what it's called)

Another thing I like about their menu is that they have lunch specials that come out really fast if you're in a hurry Mon-Fri.  They're geared towards the doctor/nurse/admin crowd that fills up the place between 12 and 1 pm, but also perfect for regular student-people like me who are just really hungry!

Service is sometimes kind of spotty...if you get seated in the back it's hard to wave down someone, but usually someone eventually will come by for taking your order, getting your bill, etc."
"Banana Leaf is definitely my go-to when I'm craving Malaysian food! I've only been here during dinner hours, they're usually really busy and the restaurant is quite small so definitely make reservations ahead of time.

We usually celebrate birthdays here and order the 11 course tasting menu which includes a huge lobster tail! It's really filling as their portions a fairly large. One of my favourites is the deep fried banana with ice cream... So good! Their drinks are also really good! I recommend getting the Blue Hawaiian or the Mai Tai. 

Definitely would recommend coming here for large gatherings/events!"
"I came here for lunch with a few colleagues and was really looking forward to trying their lunch menu. They have a variety of dishes, around a dozen, between $12-14 for you to choose from. Not a bad price for sitdown lunch on Broadway.

I ordered the Hainanese boneless chicken with soup and the portion was quite large. The chicken soup had scallions and bits of deep fried garlic. I found the soup to be a bit oily and bland. The chicken was moist, cut into strips, with a sauce on top - something that I can't see too often. I liked the chicken with the accompanied minced ginger because by itself there was not enough flavor. The cucumber slices were a good touch. The rice had a deep yellow colour and had a good chicken flavour. 

I also got to try a bit of my colleague's roti canai and found it less light than other restaurants. The curry sauce was fine.

The restaurant was a bit noisy, quite busy with all the customers. Maybe I'll come again to try something new."
Fresh, yummy home-made Malaysian food. Delicious!
"You could never be disappointed by this Banana Leaf when it comes to food! 
Oh my god, do I ever love their ""abundance of seafood in gulai sauce"" plate!!!! Yum yum! The best thing you could eat there if you like the sea goodies! The curried sauce with coconut milk is amazing, I love pouring my rice in that bowl. It is just heaven!
The menu has great options, sometimes it is hard to decide what to get but most of the food I've tried is really good.
The papaya soup and the spring rolls are definitely a must try.
They also have a set menu for 2, it is a sample platter and allows you to try lots of different things (from appies to dessert) for a reasonable place.
Do not miss their deep fried bananas with ice cream, it is SO GOOD!!!.
Why I didn't give them 5 stars? I would definitely give it to the food,  unfortunately the service deserves a 3 to 4 stars rating. Reasons: we walked in to get our name on the list and about 4 different staff members walked by us without acknowledging us at least, they looked at us and looked away, we were standing there for good 15 min until finally the hostess came to ask our names.  It would be nice if when they see you, they say hi and maybe a ""someone will be right with you"", would have made a difference.
Also they brought our food separately, so for the time my food came, my fiance's food was kinda cold already.  It would be nice to get the entrees together so everyone could eat at the same time.
Should I also mention that it took 20 min to get a waiter to take our dessert order from the time we got the menu and another 20 min to get the actual dessert?
Other than that, 5 stars to Banana Leaf, good job in the kitchen!!!
The restaurant is always packed so my recommendation is to call ahead for reservations."
"In the area and needed a late lunch.  They have Happy Hour here at 3pm.  We always enjoy the food here.  Limited number of happy hour items, but enough to satisfy.

Calamari, roti canai, eggplant fries, and salad were good.

Parking was full in the back so had to pay for parking in the lot a few doors down the alley (it was rush hour so no parking in front)."
"It is always dangerous to go in with high expectations, and mine were set by my friend Bridget who loves love loves this place. Yay for her.

I grew up in Singapore, so from the get-go I have a different approach to Malaysian / Singaporean food. Something I always aim to try is roti canai, which many places advertise and typically ends up looking like the roti prata I remember from my youth, including that specific flavoured curry you get when you order roti prata / roti canai on its own.

The roti prata I had in Singapore and which my mom makes occasionally is never sweetened. Nevertheless I have had roti canai with sweet dough in Canada -- but nothing as sweet as what I got from Banana Leaf. You can eat this on its own as dessert except it comes steaming hot.
The curry was quite thick (easy to dip, therefore) and also very sweet. I think this really killed it for me -- a curry that was more sweet than curry flavoured, and with basically no spicy heat to it. Taste was coconutty, and maybe in an effort to make it vegetarian they took out the meat broth, which double-killed it for me--there is a curry specific to roti prata when ordered on its own, and this wasn't it.

Maybe they have carefully adjusted this menu item based on years of customer feedback, but I will never order it again from Banana Leaf: It is just too alien compared to the roti prata I remember fondly from my childhood and which is replicated more closely as ""roti canai"" at other places like Spoon Kitchen and Bo Laksa King's Bubbles and Bits (now just ""Laksa King"").

*

Malaysia Laksa Curry Mee ($13) was passable. Just don't count the toppings like I did. You get about 1 cup's worth of the ""toppings"" listed (egg, shrimp, etcetera). If that is good enough value for you, then don't look and just mix it all in. Otherwise, you might think, ""what? only 3 shrimps?""
Despite the chili symbol, it is on the mild side of spicy -- and that was also disappointing to me.

I suppose to streamline things and cater to a Canadian demographic in a city with vegetarian-consciousness they have adjusted how they cook things into a winning formula that has seen them expand into a chain with many outlets. But if you're looking for a very authentic Malaysian / Singaporean food experience, go elsewhere.

*

Bring a bag WITH HANDLES if you are going to take anything home, such as the young coconut (to get at the coconut meat after you are done drinking the coconut water). They have large, sturdy paper bags for takeout, but no plastic bags and no bags with handles, apparently."
"I like this location more than the other one in Kits. Quieter and the service is really friendly and attentive. Dinner is fancy and pricey here, but the food has beautiful presentation.
I finally tried the pineapple fried rice (it comes in a real pineapple!) and it tasted pretty good, although it was quite overpriced. The eggplant fries were interesting but very oily. And the (Thai?) iced coffee was very tasty.
Although I won't be returning because of the price and my personal taste (I like other foods more.....), banana leaf is definitely worth a try!"
"Ate at the Banana Leaf last night, a Friday. Our table of three had to wait about 45 minutes for a table, which was expected because I know it's a popular place.
It was very busy in the restaurant for the duration of our meal, and I thought the service was great. Our server and the people who brought us some of our dishes were extremely pleasant, attentive and friendly.
The food was great, very tasty, abundant, and served hot.
The atmosphere was good.
If you have to wait when you go to the Banana Leaf, it will be well-deserved once you get to your table. It's a great restaurant!"
"In the mood for consistently amazing Malaysian food? Hop on into the Banana Leaf on Broadway. A warm, intimate room with attentive, friendly service, Banana Leaf is one of my favourite stops for Asian comfort food. 

FOOD: 4 stars. My favourites: 
-hainan chicken rice
-sambal green beans (with shrimp!)
-bone-in chicken curry (its smoother than the boneless one, dark vs white meat)
-roti canai - carb heaven
-seafood gulai - healthy portions of fish and shellfish in a curry 
-satay skewers


SERVICE: 4 stars. Very friendly, attentive, and always with a smile. I've never had bad service here. 

Overall, an excellent restaurant that is easy to bring work colleagues, or an easy dinner with a date. It's children friendly too, so bring your kids. :)"
Great food and service. Happy hour chicken wings is 50 cents. Worth to try if your are near by Vancouver General Hospital (VGH).
We ordered delicious pepper corn oysters that were sooo delicious, highly recommended. We also ordered gulay seafood; very yummy. Overall very tasty spicy food.
"Eat your Crab out!

This remains my favourite local Malaysian restaurant and it's where we usually go to catch up with friends and enjoy a lovely dinner, knowing that you will NEVER be disappointed.

Although Roti isn't authentic as my Indian friends say, they still approve because of the sauce and the enormous portions. They decide depending on how many of you are at the table. I have eaten at this place over 15 years so I've tried everything on the menu, but I highly recommend the crab cooked in garlic & chilis, curry mussels, fried rice. I wouldn't recommend the seafood mix, because it is mostly  fish that they put in. I think it should be more prawns and squid, but they don't put that much in.

Also the waitresses are super helpful when it comes to recommendations and everyone is knowledgeable as it is family owned. 

Banana dessert is ok. It isn't authentic  fried bananas, this has to be made with S.Asian bananas, not the reg ones we eat, which is what they used. The best one is Salathai in town, they know how to do it exactly like Thailand.

Great for business meetings,family dinner celebrations, birthdays, or even dates, if you have an adventurous foodie!"
"Best Singapore Laksa and best Roti with curry dipping sauce.  They have good service and great drinks here too - give the Fresh Young Coconut a try!

They have multiple locations around the city and I have to give credit where it's due in terms of best consistency for a chain restaurant.  Great job here, all the locations are the same in terms of friendly service and excellent quality of food.  Their Singapore Laksa is fantastic at all their locations."
"Went with family to try banana leaf for the first time. There were 7 of us so we thought it would be too much if all of us got the dine out menu. So we decided to just order 2 dine out menus and did the a la carte.  We got the roti, eggplant fries, seafood gulai, black cod, hokkien mee and lamb shank. The rest were from the dine out menu.  The dishes were good but can't help but think that they were premade as they came really fast. The pana cotta dessert that came with dine out was good but the portion was quite small.  My fave were the gulai seafood and the ginger black cod. The hokkien mee was meh. I think they premade that dish as it came out really fast.

The restaurant was very busy being dine out and all.  Service was good.  They kept refilling our water and cleared the plates quickly. The tables were mostly for 4 people. There's only 2 big tables that can accommodate 8 people. 

I think the dine out menu was good value for $20.   I would come back again and try their after 9pm dishes."
on a trip to vancouver a few years ago we checked out this place since we like Malaysian food.  I don't remember much but it was pretty good but I think we weren't that impressed.  They served cendol as a drink which is different from what I've had in US restaurants, but fine because sometimes in Malaysia it's served in a bag, sometimes a bowl.  I think they had cendol but it's not on their online menu now so I'm not totally sure.  I think I got sayur lodeh (sayur lemak?) and it was decent.  I don't remember if we had roti or not.  looking at the menu now it doesn't have many vegetarian options at all so we may have had a hard time finding something veg.  I don't remember now!
Bit expensive for what you get but food is great nonetheless. Make sure you try the green beans.
"So, so good!
The exterior is so misleading. Upon pulling up, I thought I was going into a dumpy restaurant but walk in an behold, a really nicely decorated and renovated interior!

Despite a very kid friendly environment, there are no change tables.

Other than that, the food was all fantastic. I came laksa and the fresh fried oysters caught my eye. Our entire family ordered about 10 different items and everything was excellent!  The oysters were awesome, as were the roti, laksa, spring rolls, Satay and unfortunately, we left no room for dessert!

Can't wait to go back again on my next visit."
"I came here with a big, massive party of 20+ ( people just kept showing up!) and the restaurant was full house! So, you can imagine how frustrated the staff must have been, but they did the best they could and it was appreciated. 

The food was amazing and they had it coming out fast! I shared the 7 course dinner for 2 for $25 and what an amazing deal! It comes with roti canai, spring rolls, satay, beef curry, seafood curry dish, green beans and eggplant dish, an awesome salad, and dessert! It was all really tasty. I should come back more often."
I love the lamb on the bone whenever I go there.  It is fall-off-the-bone tender.  However, I went to the restaurant once on a Friday evening, and we ordered one appetizer and two main course dishes.  It was before 6 pm, so, we got cheap deals on cocktails ($3 each).  We waited about 45 min. and we didn't get any food we ordered whereas we were watching tables around us get more and more dishes of food.  We got frustrated at the wait and just left, just leaving money for the cocktails.  If we didn't have a meeting to attend after the dinner, we could have waited, but, I don't think more than 30 min. wait is acceptable for the food to arrive, esp. appetizers.  I suppose we will just avoid going there on weekends and holidays.  Perhaps too busy.
"FLAVOR FLAVOR FLAVOR.....MMMMMmmmm...I would definitely come back for this restaurant.  I live in the States and I can't wait to  go back! 
 The crabs were a very good size.(We ordered 2 crabs.)  The king prawns were huge, the mussels were yummy, the coconut rice...I haven't have that taste in a loooooong time. The string beans with shrimp was good.  Also the appetizer that was flaky dip in curry was also good!

Service was excellent!!!   Also the dessert ..fried banana...not a big fan of the dessert  but it was good.  

Always make reservation before you go....the wait can be long!"
"My grandma was here for 3 months and we went to Banana Leaf twice in that time (and I also came an additional time with some friends!). This is by far our favourite Malaysian restaurant as other places are not as good value for the food nor do they have the awesome super enthusiastic service that they do here. Better than Tropika which I find is expensive and kind of greasy. 

We always order roti canai and when we came on a Tuesday the appetizer sampler was on special (50% off so it was $9 for an order made for two people) which we thought was awesome cause it had salad, roti canai, spring rolls, satays! We also love the curry no matter beef or lamb, and the Hainanese chicken is so soft it's really delicious. My brother loves the pineapple fried rice and the presentation is always impressive.

Had a delicious three dinners here, this place is always packed and it's easy to see why it's so busy even on weekdays! The food is amazing and the servers are really nice!"
Almost ideal lunchtime restaurant. Good food, good service. The restaurant decoration is basic though and there was a peculiar (hairy) odour at the back, near the kitchens. But this is authentic appeal. The service was zippy-fast and we were in and out in 40 mins. Pretty well tailored to a lunchtime visit. I'd recommend getting there before 12:30 - that's when the queues start to form.
"After two failed attempts at finding yelp recommended restaurant in Vancouver (both restaurants were closed), we finally found a place that fulfilled our needs for Malaysian food. It was a Tuesday and it was pretty busy. We only waited for about 10 minutes, which wasn't  bad.

For appetizer, we ordered roti canai. The flaky bread was one of the best I've had. It was crunchy on the outside but was soft. The curry dip was delicious also. The papaya and pineapple green salad was also good. The salad had a good amount of pineapple and papaya pieces with mixed green salad and tomato in a house vinaigrette dressing. 

For our dinner, we ordered rendang beef, black cod with caramelized ginger sauce, and sambal kang kung. Of course, we had to pair everything up with white rice. The rendang beef was to die for and a must order. The beef was tender and the curry sauce was perfection. The black cod with the caramelized sauce was sweet with the right amount of ginger infused into it. I just had to be careful when getting pieces of the fish because it had some fish bone. The sambal kang kung was okay but I think it had too much shrimp paste for my taste. We didn't get to order dessert since we were full. We left with some leftovers, which still tasted good the following day. We will definitely go back here when we come back to Vancouver."
"For the area and value, boy, it's tough to beat.

Big dish of nee goreng noodles, less oilier than expected, as pic shows.

And lamb curry w/ rice.  I could've told them to get it spicier, though it's not like Mui Garden's in terms of flavour.

These were their lunch specials advertised back of their menu, each under $10.

Apparently they've won some wine awards too, as they've got a pretty good bar happening.

Even at 1pm still a bit of a wait.

Limited parking in the back."
"Weekday lunch. Ask for the gluten free menu! Many lunch specials are on the gluten free menu. The boneless chicken was very mild in flavor. There is a bit of heat but the flavors are not complex. 

Menu:
There are are many gluten free dishes on the menu. The boneless chicken curry contains a good amount of vegetables such as eggplant, bell pepper, green beans, carrots and even okra. The actual curry sauce was a bit thin. The lunch special comes with a side of rice. Unfortunately there was a hard lump of undercooked rice in my meal.

Service: 
Fast and friendly. I ordered takeout. My server said it would take 20 mins but it took 10 minutes. Maybe I misheard :)

Venue:
Very cozy interior with beautiful artwork. I didn't dine in but the interior looks very nice from the entrance."
"Absolutely delicious. The fixed menu is great if you're with a few friends and feeling adventurous.

And there are no TV's! You can actually talk to the people you're with and focus on your fantastic meal."
I always like to have my lunch in Banana Leaf. I love the Hot and Sour soup. I had a the Tiger Prawn With Chilli Mango sauce. It was awesome. This place specially is very calming and the staffs are great. The prices are also reasonable.
"We're craving Malaysian food and wonder where to go for it (Banana Leaf/Tropika/Penang Delight) and finally picked Banana Leaf for lunch.

I found most of dishes were good and kept the taste as same as before, just the portion was a bit smaller.

Mee Goreng (Malaysian Fried Noodle) - It's a bit greasy but taste good.

Roti Canai (Indian style pancake) - It served with curry dipping sauce. A nice crispy pancake that isn't doughy yet has a nice elastic texture. The dipping sauce was very mild and is geared towards the sweet side.

Satay - Either marinated chicken or beef skewers with peanut dipping sauce. The satays were juicy with a nice sear. The meat was seasoned and brined for that juicy, succulent tenderness.
Singapore Laksa - Most of toppings were cold and bland, I had to soap it deep in order to make it warm.

Nasi Goreng (Malaysian Fried Rice) - Pretty standard of Malaysian style fried rice and kinda sweet too.

Sambal Chili Okra & Mixed Vegetables - it tossed in Sambal but too oily."
"I love love love Banana Leaf! I've been to both the Davie and W Broadway locations, though I find that the Broadway location has better service. Friendlier staff and friendlier atmosphere. Its closer to my home so thats definitely a plus!

I love everything on their menu. Its affordable and full of flavour. A couple of my favourite things would include the Roti Canai, Mee Goreng, the Mussles, Beef Curry and definitely their Calamari. If you are ordering anything Curry or Laksa, I would recommend to also order a bowl of Jasmine rice on the side, as their sauces tastes extremely delicious with some rice. And don't get me started on their drinks - their Mango Margarita and Lychee Margarita are both fun and delicious! The wait time for food is exceptionally quick considering how busy they always are. Be sure to take a look at the dessert menu when you're finished your dinner because their Pisang Goreng is to die for.

This location can get pretty busy so if you're planning to come here for dinner with a large party I would recommend to book reservations beforehand, otherwise you could be waiting for a table for as long as 40 minutes to an hour. Despite that, the wait however is well worth it. I've been coming to this location for 3 years now and I've never had any problems or concerns. This restaurant remains to be one of my favourite places to eat and share with my loved ones for sure!"
"I've heard my friends talk about this place for so long, I had to try it out and boy am I glad. It was amazing and flavourful! I had the green beans, roti, curry chicken and jasmine rich for myself and my friend. We were both so stuffed afterwards and can't stop raving about this place. 

This location gets filled up quite quickly so do go eat early or make a reservation. Service is attentive and food came at a reasonable time. I would visit again in a heartbeat."
Some people bar hop, we restaurant hop. So we had a couple of hours before our flight back to LA and we decided that we would just restaurant hop. After our lovely bike ride, we strolled the streets of vancouver until we saw a restaurant that caught our eyes, it was a malaysian restaurant that was calling our name. They said that we literally just missed the lunch special but because we came there 3 minutes after, they would let us pass. So we got the laksa and prawns. We could have done without the prawns not because it was but the laksa was delicious.
"My sweetie and I had planned to visit Banana Leaf for ages. I had been to this same location (I think) on Broadway years and years ago and I remember loving the food. We finally decided on a night last week and off we went!  I don't know if they take reservations; we just showed up and the place was packed. We didn't wait long, however, and soon we were seated. 
The menu had too many delicious items, making it difficult to decide on just two or three dishes then we both caught sight of the tasting menu for two. At $30 per person it might seem a bit pricey, but considering the number of differenet dishes you get to sample (9 courses), it's actually good value IMHO. The portions are decent and the dishes come tapas-for-two style, plus you get as much tumeric rice as you want. But don't fill up on the rice, there are a lot of dishes to sample and you will be full by the end of your meal.
First came the appitizer samplers. The Mango Kerabu is a delicious mango salad with sweet and citrus flavours blended in perfect harmony. The Roti Canai tasted like more and the Satay Chicken was moist and flavourful. If I had to pick a favourite it would be the Cumin Mussels. I could make a meal out of those, the rice and the roti and be a pretty happy camper.
The flurry of appitizers was followed by four entre items: Rendang Beef Curry, Gulai Tiger Prawns and Scallops, Caramelized Ginger Black Cod and Sambal Green Bean. The portions were ample and everything was cooked perfectly, each bursting with its own flavour-statement. I absolutely loved the Rendang Beef Curry. This is a dish I've made myself for ages and I think Banana Leaf and I use very similar recipies. The beans were cooked and seasoned perfectly, we ate every last one. The cod and prawns with scallops were both cooked perfectly and oh so tasty. I honestly couldn't pick a favourite among the four, but again, if I had to it would be the beef.
By the end of the entrees were were both feeling comfortably satiated. I had forgoten about desert and in the next moment our server produced a plate with two golden fried bananas joined at the centre by a generous scoop of real vanilla ice cream. A perfect finish to our epicurean journey.
Our server was a charming young lady who was attentive throughout the service and knowlegable about the menu.  Good food + Good service = return visit."
All what we tried was yummy. The mango drink, the iced coffee, the singapore laksa,  the roti canai. We tried the durian and was really good with a very interesting strong flavor. It was not as sweet as expected but good to try.
Hands down the best Malaysian in town! My favorite dishes are the sayur lemak (yellow curry) and kari lamb, but far and above everything else I'm heavily addicted to their roti canai! There's just something about that curry sauce.... mmmmmm
"I work in the area, so have visited this restaurant many times over the years.  I've probably tried everything on the menu over the years, and every dish has been nothing short of amazing. The service is fantastic and the food is always fresh. 

Today I came in for lunch and ordered the green asian salad and roti canai. I normally don't order salad and usually go for the rendang beef or curry boneless chicken (both are fantastic) but decided to try the salad. So good! Would definitely order this dish again. The roti canai was great as usual."
The seafood Gulai was incredible, the perfect amount of spice, and the perfect variety of seafood. Would definitely recommend having the roti canai as a starter !
"Caveat: This review is for the Kits location; there doesn't appear to be a Yelp spot for that branch.

The food merits a five star: roti was lightly browned and pleasantly crinkly--not oily, although there was not a lot of sauce, so be sparing. The ginger fish fry was well done but the serving size is for a child. The salad was quaint, mixed greens in a leaf-like plate; again, I could eat more, but I suppose the point of a lunch special is to leave you feeling like you can snack all afternoon. The rice was very well steeped in turmeric and left a large stain on my dining partner's white jacket, so it passed the test. The dessert was on the odd side (a mason jar full of different colored, layered almond pudding). The peach sauce on top was a bit cloying, but the pudding was well set and not grainy.

My main complaint is the waitress, a bespectacled hapa girl who looked like she had some submerged anger that was on the verge of spilling over into a dramatic scene. She got my order wrong--more specifically, she forgot my order--and I was sitting around for 20 minutes watching my dining partners enjoy their food as I chattered and pretended not to look at their repast, salivating like a macaque monkey in a briskly populated tourist zone. It was only until my dining companion asked about my meal that another waiter looked into my order and noticing the error, placed it. That girl said sorry in a kind of ""meta"" way: ""I am sorry the order was missed and you had to wait so long."" I have moth's feelers for fake apologies, gurl. If you paid more attention to orders instead of stalking around looking like you want to stab someone, you'd get more points!

They gave me a 50% discount on it, but I had to eat fast and furiously to catch up with my dining partners and spent the day in a gaseous state. I would go back, but I am going to kick up a fuss the next time this happens. Having worked in customer service, the operative mode is STEP LIVELY AND GET HAPPY if you know what's good, even if you feel like it's a torture."
We got a 7-course meal sampler and every single dish was excellent!  Great service, great food, great restaurant
Another good malaysian restaurant....decors are so nice,server uniforms looks very asian it looks like they are about to join a dance competetion....presentation of foods very appetizing,tasted good aswell...cash credit ok....small parking at the rear or pay parking nearby or meter at the street....noise level moderate...neat place to enjoy spicy malaysian cuisine...
"I came here during happy hour in the afternoon. The place was not packed, there's probably just 5 tables occupied. There's only 1 server at that time, I find it annoying since I always need to get her attention first.

I ordered the calamari and eggplant fries to eat in and char kuey teow to go. Both appetizers were good especially the eggplant fries. I've never had eggplant fries before and I would say it something I would definitely order again on my every visit here... it's really good!!! The char kuey teow is pretty good too but I find the To Go portion very small compare to the portion you get when you eat in."
"I have been coming here for years, I can't believe I haven't reviewed this before! It was my sister that introduced me to the taste tantalizing food of Malaysia and banana leaf (the one on Denman) was my first foray into this culinary adventure for the tongue (ok that sounded kind of gross and somewhat sexual, ahem...I will now state that this review is 18A, parental discretion is advised lol jk)

This restaurant, both locations, never ceases to satisfy my every food whim. I love this place. The food is always delicious and freshly cooked. All the different sauces and dips and methods of cooking just make my mouth water thinking about it!

I haven't been here for a really long time, so it was suggested that we come here for a work lunch. I was really looking forward to it, as I hadn't had Malaysian food in a long time. You know how sometimes your expectations for something are so high that when you actually experience that something you feel deflated and disappointed? Well that did not happen to me at all! In fact my expectations were so high and they were met at every point. I felt quite inflated actually, literally! Because I ate soooooooo much! We had a few morsels of food left over, and my co workers kindly cheered me on to finish, but sadly I couldn't demolish off all the carbs. You bet I will next time though!

Did I mention that I love this place?!

St3Fin"
I visit Banana Leaf every time I go to Vancouver. I always have a difficult time deciding what I want on their vast menu but I have never regretted my decision. The food is always good and service is always nice.
Going there just for Singapore laksa is worth it!
great food at great place with good atmosphere. Food are always good there, especially roti canai, poising goreng, tofu goreng, beef rendang, laksa, satay. Portion is always decent, not too much and dfntly not too little. All 5 locations have the same taste consistency. Always go back there for some homie food. If any of the review option bottom I select not sure, that's most likely I was too busy enjoying the delicious food and the company I was with.
"IF YOU GO HERE ORDER THE ROTI CANAI. 

Anyways, I used to hate this place because the first time I came here I didn't like what I ordered. But the second time I came here I fell in love with the food, partly because of the roti canai. I believe I ordered the chicken satay which was delicious and my boyfriend ordered the chicken curry dish which was also delicious.

Nice environment, cheap lunch prices, friendly service, good food."
Brought my Dad here for dinner. We ordered the sampler for two. Soooo good but a lot of food. Go hungry. Of all the 4 of 5 appetizers and 4 main dishes there wasn't a thing we didn't like. Black cod, curry beef, seafood curry, green beans, rice, chicken satay, mussels, calamari, roti, papaya salad... then to top it all off deep fried banana with ice cream. Add a singha beer or a berry sangria and you're set. Mmmm
I've been to this restaurant a few times with a friend of mine and the food has always been great. I love the tasty plentiful dishes that they create and there are a lot of different options available. The service has never been bad but not extraordinary either.
"Came here for lunch! Warning, it gets quite busy if you arrive after 12pm on a weekday so be sure to make reservations if you know ahead of time! 

I ordered the satay and gado-gado combo from their lunch deals( generally $12), which consists of  4 chicken satay skewers on top of the gado-gado (mix of bean sprouts and tofu). Best part is the heaping amounts of peanut sauce they drenched over it, so heads up if you're not a sauce kinda person, this dish may not be your cup of tea. I loved it though. The portions were just right, leaving me happy and satisfied. 

Couple of friends ordered the nasi goreng (fried rice), laksa, fish fillet and chicken rice. If I'm in the neighborhood, I wouldn't be oppose to trying the chicken rice!"
"Banana Leaf is consistently good at certain dishes. What they do well, they do really well. The Satays, Roti Canai, Fried Eggplant and Sambal Green beans are all wickedly flavourful. I also like the fact that they have some good BC wines by the glass that pair well with the spicy food. 

I have to say I've been disappointed by the main dishes, even the seafood. The rendang I make at home is better--and it just comes out of a package! So I've learned what to order and I'm generally happy."
"Our daughter took us to the Banana Leaf for lunch last weekend. We had walked by many times, but had never stopped in. 

The service was fast and efficient, and the food arrived very quickly. We shared some curried chicken, Singapore Laksa, and sambal chili prawns. Every dish was extremely tasty and we really enjoyed the flavours. I especially enjoyed the sambal chili prawns.

We will definitely be stopping in again."
Redang beef, the roti and the papaya soup are awesome.
Ok, this would have to be one of the best Asian meals we have ever had! Incredible  flavors, fantastic and very friendly service. We visit Vancouver often and The Banana Leaf is a must visit each time. Wish we had a place like this back in Virginia!
"I've eaten at this location a handful of times now, I find the service to be better than the other locations I've tried.

Most recently I had the soft shell crab and papaya salad and the halibut served with their Singaporean Laksa broth. The salad was delicious but the portion was smaller than I remember especially for $8. For my main, the halibut was slightly overlooked which was disappointing but the flavour of the broth made up for it. If you're not a fan of okra I wouldn't order this dish, the okra was extra slimy and you can taste it throughout the broth. I also ordered the roti but they forgot to place my order in the kitchen....it's the first time I've had an issue with them forgetting an order. The roti is delicious and a must try!

My other favourite dishes are the beef rendang and lamb shank. The meat is always very tender and flavour full, never disappoints! 

I've brought my family to Banana Leaf for family lunch a couple times, only thing is that if your parents don't like any spice in their food don't bring them here! My dad didn't enjoy the food as everything he wanted was marked as spicy.

This restaurant is also good for groups. I'll continue to visit this Banana leaf!"
My first time trying Malaysian food. It was interesting and very tasty  the staff was very friendly and helpful. I had the lamb curry and thought it was great. It's a bit pricy for the amount of food I got. I'd recommend only going here if you're willing to share dishes.
We went to the one on broadway and it was excellent. We ordered the tasting menu for two and it was one if the best meals we've ever had
Moving here from Singapore, I always missed Singapore food. I am always in search of good Singapore/Malaysian digs. Their satay is decent except served with too little peanut sauce. Loved their sambal  green beans, beef rendang, chow-kway-teow, Hokkien prawn noodles and deep fried egg plant. Their chicken curry is not too bad too. Oh, love how they served the coconut rice. They were wrapped in banana leaves. Great presentation and rice was really good with all the food we ordered.
Authentic Malay food. Seafood Laksa and Hainan chicken were fantastic. Not much curb appeal but good ambience.
Had the lamb curry and laksa. Laksa was okay but nothing special. The lamb curry was served very sloppy with excess water from the veggies running around the plate. Also very average in terms of flavour.  Portion size was a bit on the smaller side and pricy for what they provided.
Perfection. Two share an 8course dinner with wine pairing. The only complaint is we had to remind them about our wine pairings for each of the three flights. Otherwise staff was incredibly attentive. Service was well timed and the flavours were all balanced with fresh ingredients.
We were pleasantly surprised by the Banana leaf.  While the average rating is 3.5 stars, we had a much better experience.  The roti sauce was delicious and we LOVED the eggplant dish, as well as the black cod.  Service was attentive and prompt - overall a great dining experience.
"I have been eating here for years when I""m in Vancouver for a seminar. It's a favorite, and the food is always good, and good value.  Favorites are the sambal green beans, any prawns, lamb curry, char kuey teow (noodles), but really everything is always excellent. Service is almost always good, but they do get busy.  Make a reservation!"
"We tried the Dine Out Vancouver menu for this location. We were a large group of 15 and had made a reservation. Once we arrived, we were told we would be seated at two different tables! I was not informed of that when I made reservations over the phone. This made conversations a bit difficult as you can imagine.

For the food, the restaurant had ran out of cumin mussels and substituted calamari and spring rolls in its place. Good job for the restaurant to substitute food. Bad job for the restaurant to not plan ahead on inventory especially when I made reservations 2 weeks in advance. Food overall was good. It was a good opportunity to try a little bit of everything. Is it the best Malaysian food out there? Not really. I consider it more fusion to cater to the Canadian palette. This restaurant is a good introduction for those who are not familiar with the cuisine. Food was served family style. 

Service was great. Food arrived to our table really fast. Staff cleared dirty places quickly and attended to our requests for drink menus, extra napkins, etc quickly. 

We were charged the 18% gratuity for being a large group of 10 or more people. We were also told that there was a minimum charge of $25 per person as a large group. We were okay with that as the dine out menu was $28 a person. It was not a big issue although some of the people in the group mentioned we should not be charged the 18% gratuity automatically because we were essentially split into two groups. Minus one star for the bad seating arrangement."
I love, love Banana Leaf. Mee Goreng, spring rolls, beef satay and extra peanut sauce. that is my Vancouver comfort food. It is the first ethnic food I ever had as a child  and I enjoy every last morsel. I usually spend the after noon slowly savoring every last bite of meat and drip of sauce. I have been to two locations now. This and English Bay and they are both very busy. I understand why. Great consistency with the food. YUM .
"I love this restaurant.  It's one of my favourites in Vancouver.

I always order the Roti Canai and the Chicken Satay skewers.  The roti is so flaky and delicious, and the chicken satay is so nice and tender.

A great restaurant to go out with friends to!"
"Came for dinner with DW on May 16.
Street parking, nice ambiance, good service.
Prices similar to Tropika but the similarity ends there. We had the appetizer for two and the beef rendang curry. The appetizer came with 2 salads (nice) 2 spring rolls, some fried squid, 1 pc of roti canai (pan fried bread) and 2 skewers if chicken satay. Beef rendang was tender. It's a good meal overall but Tropika (just had dinner there on Mother's Day) was better all around in terms of taste.

Andy
Richmond bc"
"Food and services are fine. Their portions are getting too small now. Ordered a lunch Randeng beef which is like a tasting menu size. I understand costs are going up but our stomachs are getting smaller! By the way, I am a 5' 9"" and 156lbs Asian which is not overly big guy and this is still too small."
"I feel the need to update this review. It took me a long time to convince myself just to give it another try. The management team did send me an apology note. I understand the kitchen would make mistakes or it gets busy etc but the level of rawness on that chicken was not really forgivable (i'm a bit traumatized from that experience LOL). However the 3 stars would be for the amazing service because really the staff there are so friendly!!! They always have been great! This time I didn't end up ordering the chicken satays anymore. I went to lunch and ordered the laksa noodles and it was definitely delicious! 3 stars for amazing service !!

To be very honest, I'm not 100% sure i would be coming back only because there are so many choices in Vancouver!"
"This place has been around for years, and pretty much popularized the entire Malaysian food scene in this town (along with Tropika).

Parking is available on the side streets, as well as Broadway after 1800.

As this is the original location for the chain, the building is noticeably older than the other ones.  The inside is nice with the red walls, but does feel a little worn down.

Staff were friendly, and kept our drinks all topped up.

The food quality is decent, though it can add up fairly quickly if one isn't careful.  Many of the dishes are a little bit on the smaller side, though they're still larger than many tapas places.

Satay chicken - nice juicy tender chunks of meat.  Not dry at all. All about the dipping sauce.

Beef rendang - many places tend to make the meat a bit too dry, and this place is no exception.  Of course, having plenty of curry sauce helps.

Sambal green bean - nice firm beans.  Great satay flavour.  Served with prawns and tomato chunks.

Nasi goreng - served in pyramid form.  Again, great flavour, and not too greasy.

Roti canai - nice and oily.  This is a must have for those who haven't tried before.

Kari lamb - not as dry as the beef rendang.  Similar curry to that dish too.  Comes with potatoes though.

Mee goreng - not bad at all.  Nice large prawns.

Durian black rice pudding - much larger bowl than expected.  This dish should be shared between 2-3 people.  We could barely finish.  Great durian flavour, for those who enjoy this smelly fruit.

Kuih dadar - crepes break apart really easily, making it a bit hard to eat.  Tasted like coconut cake soaked in ice cream.

Overall, every dish we had tasted pretty good.  Can't go wrong with this place. The other locations are definitely newer and nicer though."
"Yes! Finally! I get to go to Banana Leaf!

My friends wanted to celebrate and what better way than crab? Why is this the location that serves crab? We got a table in the back corner and hunkered down for the mythical crab. 

Our food came out one dish at a time. Since we weren't sharing all the dishes, some of us were waiting for food... watching the other lucky people eating. We ordered two separate orders of crab. My husband and I ordered fried tofu and fried rice. D ordered a roti to add to our order... and we shared amongst ourselves while the others ordered like the world was ending. 

The tofu was so good, my husband ate most of it. Wha? You ate my tofu! The crab was amazing... it was all over my hands. I really wonder if anyone other than me orders crab on a first date (besides me)? Does anyone get a call back if they do? It's like eating ribs on a first date... you have a keeper if they come back after seeing sauce all over your face. 

We had to keep asking if our food was coming and I swear our server just kept punching things in when we asked because she would run to that Squirrel thing and rapidly tap the screen. Besides the lag, the food and the service was great."
"been here many times, and every times the food and the service is always excellent!!!  food are always fresh and delicious, wait staff are very accommodating and very helpful...

 the food we have tonight are:
mussel in cumin and ginger sauce
roti Canai
nasi lemak
mee goereng
haianese chicken
fried calamari
satay - beef , pork, chicken, and lamb
malaysian pasta with abundance of seafood
malaysian fried rice
and fried banana for dessert!!!!

All are yummy!"
"Brett's To-The-Point™ Review:

Everything deserves four stars. Could get that fifth star if it was cheaper or the food was just a tad better."
"I've had lunch/early dinner here a few times
and the food has always been pretty good. 
The service is more or less hit or miss. 
I always order the Mango Kerabu which
I have never been disappointed with. 
Other items I have tried include Sambal
Green Beans, Singapore Laksa and
Caramelized Ginger Black Cod.
The Sambal Green Beans were another
standout, crisp green beans, flavorful shrimp
and a decent sambal sauce. I was a bit 
underwhelmed with the laksa but still enjoyed
it. I always try to make this a regular stop 
when visiting Vancouver. Parking can be a
pain though."
Unique and delicious food. From my three or four times visiting the restaurant service is average during lunch time but gets better around dinner time. On the pricey side if you want to enjoy several dishes but I believe they also have lunch specials. Would recommend to a friend.
Absolutely love this place!  The first time we came here we went for the 9 course tasting menu because we didn't know what to order. So happy we did this as every dish was amazing and got to try food we've never tasted before. It was so filling as well. When we came back we ordered various dishes as we had a better idea what to order. Definitely will be back!
There are some really good things about Banana Leaf and some really bad things. The key to a good meal is to avoid the fish. I NEVER send food back, but we actually sent the fish back because it tasted awful. We said that it didn't taste fresh and our waitress told us that's because it's not fresh, it's frozen. Frozen fish in Vancouver. I think not. At least they took it back without any hassle. Don't waste your meal on the frozen fish. Instead order the Char kway teow. You have to get the roti too. It's delicious. The calamari is also really yummy.
Lunch laksa. Nice taste but not that strong, nor spicy and more on the coconut side than curry. Portion size is enough for lunch but seemingly not for price. Comes with all mee hoon rather than mixed noodles. Also temperature wasn't high enough; didn't come out steaming hot.
This was my first attempt at Malaysian food. And friends got me here, saying this was one of the best food places around. We ordered a bunch of items of the menu. The starters and main dishes were yummy. However, I had many burnt pieces in my peanut sauce, like burnt bottom scratched. But didn't bring it up as it was just a side sauce. The lamb shank, chicken curry, Singapore Laksa all were amazing. The ambience is authentic and colorful. The seating is close as the place is not too big. The prices are bit on higher side. There might be a fair wait 15-20mins at all times.
My friend and I went here during their happy hour and we had such a good time! We both got drinks and it was $5 each - I forgot the name but it was tasty. We also got calamari and eggplant fries which only cost $5 each during their happy hour and the portion was big! The taste was superb. I got a Singapore dish (again, forgot the name) and I was so satisfied! It was huge and delicious! The savoury flavour was perfect and it was balanced out with the freshness of the bean sprouts. I would definitely revisit
I ordered the roti, chicken skewers with peanut sauce and coconut crepes for pickup. The food here knocks any other Malaysian food I've tried out of this world. Unbelievably delicious!
I went there with some girlfriends where we enjoyed the Dineout Vancouver meal.  There were 7 set dishes for the amazing price of $20 per person.  Excellent meal with terrific company.  Good service.
Order the Nasi Goreng!! It is absolutely delicious. Good service, nice atmosphere. Strong drinks. No complaints here! The servings are also a little bigger than I expected so don't overestimate your abilities.
"After hearing rave reviews about this place, and having been to Malaysia myself and eating the awesome food there, I wanted to see how 'authentic' this place was. 

I have to say the food is mediocre considering the prices you pay. I was underwhelmed with what I thought were Malaysian staples - nasi & mee goreng, char kway teow. I would personally say the Malaysian options at Hawkers Delight are better.

I will say however, that the satay with the peanut dip is pretty good. 

Overall, the menu and price points are decent if a trip to Malaysia for the real thing isn't in the budget."
Been to this place many times. The good and service is always great! Pricing is fair. No complaints!
Awesome food every single time. The roti canai is a must. Tofu Goreng and spring rolls also. Iced Malaysian coffee soooo good. Service is  fast and friendly. Can be very busy so reservations are a good idea.
"We haven't been Banana Leaf for ages.  We were craving for Malaysia food this afternoon and tried it out again.  It has warm decor and friendly staffs.

Malaysia bread was flaky and so good
Singapore Laksa was tasty and strong coconut soup base with seafood on top.
Malaysia fried rice was a bit spicy and delicious."
Conveniently located. Wonderful and authentic south east Asian food and the  service is great!
Good food.  Long waits at lunch time which doesn't make it ideal for lunch takeout if you work in the area like I do.  Nice for dinner out with friends.  Portions aren't huge but the food is tasty.  Good date place and nice girly drinks.
"Excellent food, very good service, good location.
I have tried all Banana Leaf in Vancouver and I wish the other ones would learn with this one at Broadway how to keep the standards and make the customers always feel welcome."
"I had never tried Malaysian food and have always wanted to try Banana Leaf- the one Malaysian restaurant in Vancouver that has been voted the best year after year. And now that I have finally been I can't believe I've never been there before. Its been around forever and now has four separate locations including the newest addition on Davie St. On this occasion we went to the Kitsilano location. 

Malaysian food is a mixture of culinary tastes from India, China, Thailand and Indonesia. It combines the best of South East Asia, from India's roti canai (seen below), Singapore's laksa, to China's Hainanese chicken rice. 

There is so much selection to choose from so don't hesitate to ask your server for their favorites. The roti canai- a serving of flaky layered break with curry dip, was a must- so delicious and definitely set the tone for the rest of the meal. In fact I think I filled up quickly on just the roti itself.

Our meal was served very quickly and all of us cleaned our plates in less than minutes!!
Everything was so fresh- all the vegetables in the curry were fresh and crunchy including the okras (one of my favorite vegetables). I would really love to learn to make some of their dishes. In fact it would be great if they would offer some cooking classes. 

For our main dish we ordered the boneless chicken curry, the lamb curry and sole curry. Every single dish was more than amazing. Not that we had any room for dessert but given that our main dishes were so good we had to order dessert which was even better. You MUST try the coconut filled crepes and the deep fried banana. Both are really delicious. I haven't been to the other locations yet but I will keep my readers posted if and when I do."
"Omg so good! 
It was my first time trying south east asian food! and definitely not the last one!
I loved the food and dessert was rea;;y good too :))"
"I had never sampled Malaysian food until this weekend. I think I might be in love. And how couldn't I be? The flavors were like some kind of Indian and Thai cuisine lovechild! We had the ""Perfect Lunch for Two"", which offered Fish in Caramelized Sweet Ginger Garlic Sauce, a vegetable dish with a light curry sauce and Kari Lamb. We also ordered the spring rolls and the Roti Cani - way too much food for two, but it sure was tasty and fun to try all the different dishes. My favorite was the Kari Lamb - super tender cuts of lamb in a red curry sauce. My husband loved the Roti Cani and devoured most of the generous serving before I knew what happened. 

We were seated near the kitchen door and got a glimpse of many dishes passing by. The soups look phenomenal and all of the plates were presented beautifully!

The pre-set menus seem to be a great way to sample several dishes - I will definitely be back to try they seven course menu for only $25. And you save on drinks when you add them to a pre-set menu.

The atmosphere and service were delightful. We will definitely be back soon for another go at the menu!"
We were travelling in Canada and stopped by this place for family lunch. The foods were okay. We ordered various kinds--soup noodle, pineapple fried rice, appetizer sampler, and a large bowl of soup. Overall, my impression was they use excessive amount of herb and oil, which is not good for your health.
The wait was long. Loud atmosphere. The service was a little slow. In terms of the food, the Hainese Chicken was mediocre--not as rich tasting as I've had it. The roti was delicious. And the lettuce wraps were tasty, but portion sizes were quite small for the price.
"Great food, good service.
Highly recommend the Banana Leaf at 820 W Broadway. 
I have been to other locations and in my opinion none beat this location on quality of food and service (specially)."
"Love this place! The rendang beef is my favourite dish and the fried banana with coconut ice cream is a MUST for dessert. The tasting menu is also a great way to try a variety of dishes.

I've been here at least a dozen times and give four stars because it can be a bit loud, and the service on the slow side at peak times. That being said, we keep going back regardless. Great place for folks with dietary issues or preferences."
I'm a new Fan!!!   We were invited to eat here last night. It was great. We had a large variety of tastings starting with the Chicken Satay. Delicious. We had Coconut Rice, Black Cod, a Curry Beef dish and a Curried Chicken dish with a Mixed Vegetable dish and Noodles with Seafood. The Food was very good and so was the service as they brought the food out to us in a timely manner. The atmosphere was great, creating the right feeling along with music that wasn't annoying. The restaurant was very busy and we could see why. We want to go again soon and try some of the other menu offerings. On a side note they do take reservations.
I love the food at banana leaf, the service is also fairly good and timely. I would say they do southeast Asian food the best out of all the places I've been to in greater Vancouver area.
"Went here again very recently after abstinence, it was Meh, But better then last time but, too expensive

Quality has improved since last time, maybe they are starting to read these reviews.

Mojito was better then last time

3/5"
Nice setting, good service & great food. The food here has a very authentic flavor. Tried chicken curry reminded me of my grandmothers chicken curry. Also roti is must try!
My celiac husband can eat here! Yeah! They seem to understand his need to have gluten free items. They quickly identified the items on the menu that are gluten free and the lunches are so yummy and reasonably priced. I recommend the curry chicken and the 10 veg specials. The roti and spring roll on the side enabled my hubby to try the 10 veg special while I indulged in the flaky roti!
Went there with a friend. We tried fried tofu, beef and fried rice. The food quality was pretty good and the serving size was more than enough (even when both of us were extremely hungry). Also the environment was very pleasing. Highly recommend this place.
Hokkien mee was unexpectedly good!! Nasi lemak was great! But they sambal belachan was the hidden secret! If they bottled that sauce I would buy a carton of it! Was really surprised at the standard of cuisine here. Service was good. Food was even better! Will definitely be back!
"Still having Banana Leaf withdrawals and it's only been two days. This place is awesome!! This was my first experience with Malaysian and Singaporean cuisine so this was definitely exciting. Barely recognized anything on the menu, thankfully I was with a friend who's eaten here before so that was helpful. Other than the calamari we ordered, I seriously did not know what to expect...

This place had a great first impression on me - the place was dimly lit, well decorated and had a busy atmosphere. Peopl chattering in the background, and plates rattling, but I kind of liked that because all of it just added to the ambiance. The food smelled amazing! We were carrying a bunch of stuff with us that day and thankfully the server was very accommodating and took the time to find a space for us to put our things. Service was great overall and I had no problems waiting to order, refilling water or getting the check. 

My first Malaysian food experience was amazing - however, this review is only limited to the appetizers. If you're very sensitive to spicy food like I am, you'll have limited options on what to order (most Malaysian food in general can be spicy) especially when ordering the mains. If you are a spice lover, this place is up your alley. Because I didn't want to sweat a waterfall that day, I decided to stick with milder appetizers instead. Don't regret it one bit!

FOOD: We ordered the chicken satay skewers, nyonya calamari, roti canai and the vegetable spring rolls. I only got to try the skewers, calamari and the roti so I'll be writing about those. The calamari definitely filled me up the most and was absolutely delicious. Crispy, fluffy breading on the outside and juicy on the inside with a hint of lemon. The satay skewers were full of flavor and IMO the best thing I've tasted in a long time - full of unique Malaysian spices that are sure to explode your taste buds. The satay also comes with a peanut spice sauce that fuels the flavor even further and adds sweetness to it. They don't give you a lot of satay though (4 pieces) compared to how much they give you for the other appetizers. The roti was delicious! Sweet, fried, flaky, just a little oily but will be sure to fill you up and make your experience at Banana Leaf worthwhile.

Just writing about the chicken satay and roti is making me hungry... I'll be sure to visit when I come back to Vancouver"
We dined here while stationed at VGH.  Both times it was excellent and we tried a variety of foods and cocktails on the menu.  The food is fresh, great quality, and reasonably priced. Service was excellent both times and I was beyond impressed with the experience.  I can't wait to take some of my other family members here.  Definitely will be back.  Loved the Mango Margarita and Sockeye Salmon Curry.
"We were staying at the H I and were looking for a restaurant nearby. Banana Leaf was perfect! We had the 9 course tasting menu and everything was delicious. Service was quick and friendly. Decor is simple but quite pleasant.
I had the mango mojito and loved it. 
We highly recommend this restaurant ."
Lets be clear right away. If you are in the mood for malaysian food there is no better place than this in Vancouver, unless you live in north van or new west where you can go to Tamarind Hill. Food here is pretty damn good. It wont rock your socks or break your bank but you will walk out with a smile on your face and a full stomach. Service in this place is always a Ok!
"Banana leaf offers late night happy hour starting at 8:30pm from Sundays to Thursdays.  We ordered drinks, Asian salad and the eggplant fries.

The cocktails were good. I like fruity drinks. :). I like the red lotus. It has lychee and vodka. The dishes were good as well. They were full size and at $5 each, were really great value. 

They also offer buy one, take home free for the fried rice and noodles but we didn't get that this time as we just wanted some drinks and snacks.

Service was friendly. Overall, we would definitely go back."
"Have Dinner here on Monday Night and it was the best ever!!!

Their Monday night special Dungeness crab, was to die for. The abundance Seafood in Gulai Sauce was heavenly. The Stays cooked with great flavors. And the lamb shanks was perfectly executed with the right amount of spices and tenderness felt right of the bones.

will definitely be going back there again soon. I heart you Banana Leaf!!!!!"
"Get here early if you want the dungeness crab. We were seated around 7:30 and they were out of them. Husband was not too pleased. He got the super prawns instead. The sauce was very flavourful and those were some really meaty prawns! 
I got the Singapore Noodle dish. I absolutely love coconut milk sauces, this one was amazing! 
We also got the spring rolls. We are on the quest to find Vancouver's best. My husband rated this place as first so far. I want to come back for lunch!"
always love this place.  food was very very yummy.  pineapple rice boat a little sticky and hard but cod dish excellent .   food is getting a little pricey and i've been going faithfully for years.  Broadway location needs a serious cosmetic update !
Some of the best South-East Asian food I've ever had. Living in Hawaii, I've had quite a bit, but this place blew them all away. The only thing I wasn't really impressed with was the calamari appetizer. It was good, but nothing amazing. We also had a Tamarind curry dish with tofu and veggies which was delicious. The star of the meal was the Seafood Noodle Curry with Tamarind and Turmeric. There were scallops, fish, shrimp, squid and mussels in the most delectable curry sauce. The service was ok, they were a little busy and they forgot our rice, but all in all, they were friendly and attentive. I would go again, given the chance.
I've never had Malaysian food, but I've always heard nothing but great things. Came here on a recommendation from one of our local friends and it did not disappoint. Had the eggplant fries, calamari, roti, and lettuce wraps to start off with. Everything was good especially the roti curry dipping sauce and the eggplant fries were super crisp. Only thing that did not get finished was the lettuce wraps, personally I'd skip on it. As for main courses we got mee gorang and the pineapple friend rice, both really good! Service was on point. We were really taken care of. Plus the Indian/middle eastern looking girl servicing us was very cute. Low key in love, but that's my problem lol.
"This place is amazing if you love Malaysian food (or Asian food in general).
This place would've gotten the 5 star rating but their Gado Gado was not the best i've had, but it was pretty damn good.
This place isn't the most veggie friendly but they do have a section with strictly veggies, so that was nice.
If you do eat seafood this is the place to splurge. They have the freshest fish and unique creations packed full of flavour and spice.
Great place to go on a date or to catch up with old friends.
Can't forget the amazing service either, its almost like they can read your mind and stomach they are so attentive.
Ohhh, just thinking about this place is making my mouth water."
had the 9 course last night with 4 peole and including myself and fed us all well, everything came fast and was delicious. would come back again since tropikas food portions have dwindled.
"I've been to this place at least 8 times, and every time I leave with my stomach satiated and my taste buds buzzing. There hasn't been a menu item I don't like--even the papaya salad and green beans are delicious!

If I had to pick my favourites, it would have to be the roti canai, the laksa and the banana fritters with ice cream.

The people here are great at accommodating group dinners, as well. The only down side is that parking can be a pain."
Yum! My friend took me here for lunch today and we shared two dishes -a vegetable curry and ginger carmelized basa fish.  Both dishes were delicious but the fish was extraordinarily delightful.  I would definitely order this again.  This place fills up for lunch but they do take reservations.   Good service as well.
"Had the 9 course pairing--EVERYTHING WAS EXCELLENT!  What a fun and delicious experience!  And the service helped to restore my faith in knucks!  The wine pairing was also good!  Try this, you'll like it!

And our waiter, Ping, made for an excellent experience.  Food and service were superb (including the bar service--Nolan) a phenomenal value, an excellent culinary delight of an experience!"
"Ah, Broadway and Willow Banana Leaf... you never let me down.  This has been a week of returning to my favorite restaurants and my top favorites has always been Banana Leaf.  It has been a number of years since I've been back, but the quality remains the same.  This time I am back with a child and they accommodated us very well.  The high chair and table setting was ready to go.

Lets mention the dinner set.  The roti canai and beef/pork/chicken skewers is a must have.  I love the sambal green beans and I'm not a crazy veggy fan but I can eat that alone and I am satisfied.  The kung pao boneless chicken had perfect curry sauce to it. Finally the pineapple fried rice cannot be missed. Other than the nasi goren, it is my second favorite rice dish.

Parking is a hassle and it was a bit crowded for a big group, but I am happy with the food

If you are feeling like splurging my wife recommends the singaporean chili crab dish.  It's definitely worth a try if you like seafood.

Note: reservations are important to make for this place during peak times."
"Nothing inspires you to try a new restaurant more than staring at its big yellow sign from across the street while waiting for the 99-Bline in the cold Vancouver rain.

I have to admit that I'm not the foremost on Malaysian cuisine, but I AM quite the Asian Persuasion connoisseur. 

Being a student, I definitely feel the dent in my wallet when I order a dish and it's boomerang'd back to me with very little substance, but I was happy to see that this wasn't the case at this establishment; Banana Leaf delivers from their freshly squeezed juices and savory appetizers, to their fully-stocked main dishes. 

The service wasn't the most attentive, but they were very kind when they were. 

The place was smashingly colourful, ethnically decorated and exuded a great vibe.

Recommend Bevvie: Guava Juice.

Recommended Appie to share: Steamed Clams in Soy Bean Sauce with Chili & Ginger- careful, it's hot... this is where that Guava Juice comes in.

Recommended Main deal: Tiger Prawns in Gulai Sauce.

Score: This place... is... BANANAS... B-A-N-A-N-A-S! Mmm, bananas."
Perhaps it was the dishes I ordered but I like this location better than the one on Denman. Mmm... Eggplant
Having spent time in Malaysia, I expected Banana Leaf's fare to be less than perfect. I was wrong. I stopped in for lunch and for less than $20 had a meal that transported me back to one of my favorite destinations. I tried the Roti and the Kari Lamb and Sayur Lemak with rice. The lamb wasn't as spicy as I remember it, but the flavor was all there and it was so tender it literally fell apart on the fork. The portions were extremely large for the price, I even left more than half of the rice behind. My only complaints are the Iced Milk Tea was sweetened with syrup that was still glopped on the spoon and left the drink with a slightly gritty taste and the Roti was a little oily (still perfectly delicious though). Overall, my next day trip to Vancouver will definately include Banana Leaf..
We again and again experience above expectation meals here! This last visit, we tried the eggplant fries which are truly to die for. Staff was very kind and accommodating to our need for wheelchair seating even right during dinner rush - although there are a few small steps to lift a chair up in order to get inside the front door. We will keep going back every time we travel to Vancouver.
went for a 7:30 dinner last sunday for dine out...service was good, bit of  confusion as 2 different menus were given to us re dine out menu but no problem....happily ate the mussels (great sauce) rather than calamari and spring roll,,,love the roti....fried banana is better at green lettuce but for an $18 price point this was good value..learned there is some parking at back which I wish we known as trouble with street parking coin meter,,,surprised at the number of infants still there after 8 pm, sadly the camera ran out of juice before salad served ( very fresh papaya )
We were craving for Malaysian food and we decided to go Broadway location one.  We had awesome foods, great experience and very good waitress (Lizzie).  She was on top of every order and super friendly.  I was with my family and we had great time, it was our first experience but I'm sure won't be the last. Haha
"Banana Leaf is our favorite malaysian restaurant in BC.  We love their roti, sambal gren beans, sambal okra/eggplant, singapor laksa,abundant seafood in gulai sauce, redang beef & mango prawn in sweet chili sauce. Excellent mango margaritas. There is nothing as good as this in Seattle.  
Every time we are in BC we always make it a point to eat at Banana Leaf. Yummy!"
Delicious Malaysian food! The multi course meals are really good.
"Banana leaf is one of our go to place for authentic Malaysian comfort food.   They serve the food family style., meaning, all dishes are shared.   Portion sizes are reasonable.  Food is tasty.  You have to have a liking for Asian flavors to appreciate.   I just didn't like the coconut rolls they served for dessert with the Dine out package. It was too dry I choked on it.   I love their banana rolls with ice cream though, which wasn't in the package we chose.  
Btw,  they served unlimited rice during the dine out event which was really great!"
I had the pineapple fried rice and nasi goreng with a friend! It was very authentic and tasty :~) I come back with my friends every time when I'm with my friends!
"Very Nice restaurant. The satay chicken was one of the best I have eaten. Service was attentive, but I did notice that as a non-asian I was treated differently. Otherwise it would be more stars. 5 for the food. I have been extremely lucky to not have had this happen in the past. 

I will return with my wife for a full course dinner in the future and update if there is a difference"
"This place is a super-friendly way to introduce non-ethnic-food-eating people to some delicious Malaysian food. I have taken my meat-and-potatoes father and a group of visitors from Ohio (if you haven't heard, it's not a State known for its International food) and they've all raved about it. 

The food is all served family style, so you can order a few dishes and share them with your group. It's a great way to experiment with a lot of new flavours and ingredients. The food comes out as soon as it's ready, so if you don't share one person might finish their meal before all the plates have arrived. So share!

The service has always been as warm as the colours on the walls. There's a nice selection of wine and beer to choose from. I've tried a lot of their menu items, and enjoyed all of them. My favourite is always the Abundance Seafood in Gulai Sauce. That Gulai Sauce is so good you just want to lick the plate. Another favourite was a seasonal plate with mango, prawns and chilli. It's not on the regular menu, but it was such a treat that I now pay close attention when the server goes over the specials!

One of the bonuses is that the food is rarely spicy. I find that even the food that they might label as spicy is not. I really like spicy food, but it's easy to add heat to a dish. These dishes have intense flavours without the heat, so you don't have to worry about having something to give spice wimps at your table."
Came by on NYE for dinner to ring in the new year.  They had a new Christmas 10 course tasting menu for $33 and also an 8 course one for $25.  We opted for the 10 course as it had a better selection of sea food and also included roti and chicken satay.  The beef rendang was cooked perfectly this time around and our favourite dish was the ginger cod...it was so good.
"Second time at banana leaf. My first experience was meh but I really enjoyed my second time around here. We had a girls night for my family (4 ladies) and ordered A LOT of food. OF COURSE WE LET THE PREGNANT ONE ORDER!! haha!!! 

Let me see if I can remember our list... We got Chicken Satay, Tofu Goreng, Mango Salad, Roti Canai, Sambal Green Beans, Panggang Fish, Gulai Seafood, Mee Goreng, Eggplant Fries and the Goreng Pisang. I know. There were lots to pack though!! 

Chicken Satay - SO SOFT. The peanut sauce was nice too. I wish there was a little more crunch on the sauce but I'm not complaining!! 

Tofu Goreng - I've never had this anywhere else so def unique to me. I am not a fan of cucumbers and I attempted to eat them in this dish but just couldn't push myself to do it. Love the peanuts sprinkled on top and the veggies in it. The mixed textures of the soft tofu and crispness of the deep fried portion was nommm. 

Mango Salad - I didn't have too much of the Mango Salad due to the cucumbers. I know!! I should have sucked it up. I'm sure it was delicious though as the rest of my family ate it all. 

Roti Canai - Crowd favourite!! Roti itself is soft and crispy on the edges. The sauce I think is maybe laksa?? I'm no expert but definitely my favourite. We ordered two!! HEHEHE 

Sambal Green Beans - UGH. My fav dish. Seriously. Love how fresh the beans were. The prawns that were in it for NOT overcooked at all which was a plus. Not too salty where I had to eat it with rice. Perfect veggie dish. 

Panggang Fish - WARNING!! This dish is SALTY. It's not the bad kind but you'll definitely need to eat it with rice. Love the okras in it and the fish pieces are deep fried. There's also a bit of spice to it. Maybe the dish itself was cooked with some fish sauce or shrimp paste but def a fishy smell to it. Don't be put off though!! For sure would order again!! 

Gulai Seafood - A basic yellow curry. Lots of different seafoods like mussels, clams, fish and prawns. I'm not too sure if there were squids or not as we boxed up the rest and I didn't take the box home with me. There are veggies in it as well so it makes a good dish that you could possibly just get on its own with a side of rice. 

Mee Goreng - Tasty!! A bit of a kick to it but not bad at all. It almost tastes like the Chinese stir fried beef with the flat noodles in that brown sauce. There are beef, tofu and I saw some prawns. So good!! One of my favourite dishes as well!!! Can't wait to eat my leftovers for lunch. 

Eggplant Fries - WOW. The texture of the eggplant is really weird. I'm sure the outside is breaded and it was deep fried but it almost felt like the inside of the fries were hollow. There was a hint of the eggplant and the rest was more of a salted and spiced batter. It came with sweet and sour sauce drizzled on top. Might be best to get the sauce on the side as there are a lot of the fries and you might want to pack them without the sauce soaking the fries!! 

Goreng Pisang - THIN BATTER. THIS. I can't emphasize enough how much I appreciate this. I cannot stand thick, almost breaded, batter on my bananas. It just takes away from the bananas themselves... Loved every bite of it and the maple syrup was definitely a plus. AND PEANUT!! Like a banana sundae MMM... 

Overall, really enjoyed my dinner. Reservations were needed for my little group as it was very busy when we arrived. Our server was quick to fill our tea and water but never really checked out often to see how our food was (we had lots of dishes swapped out for new food that was coming). That could be an issue if there was a problem with the dish itself or if there were any mistakes. The coconut rice here was very subtle. I normally like more fragrant ones, almost dessert like but everyone's preferences are different! Free parking in the back for banana leaf customers or you can do paid parking in the front as well. 10/10 would come back!!"
The appetizer platter for two ($16) was really great - had calamari, vegetarian spring rolls, satay, roti canai and a refreshing slightly spicy salad.  Satay was really tender.
"good service
good food/ I like how they put pepper on all the deep fried dishes 
convenient location/ lots of parking
family friendly
reasonable price
cash only
if i had to choose 1 dish: any of their hotpots
would I go back? Sure"
"Food tasted pretty good, great sauces and spices. Overall I don't think it's worth the prices - entree plus rice is greater than $20 usually. 

I had the wok basil eggplant and it was undercooked. A bit too firm, and I was too shy to send it back. Wok cooked eggplant is one of my favorites and I've never had it come out like that before so I was a bit surprised. 

We also tried out a seafood dish that was pretty good but had some sand in it, so that didn't help the rating. 

The service was good, and the sauces had great flavor but had those above problems."
"Visiting Vancouver and our cousin took us here for lunch.
The Roti is addicting and the sauce on the side should be a dish in itself.  We had chicken curry, pineapple rice for the kids, fried chicken wings and mixed satay.  

Everything was flavorful and not spicy.  Despite the little hot pepper icon next to item on the menu, it just wasn't spicy enough for me.

Kids loved the food and so did we.  Having just returned from Singapore, the food here is quite authentic."
This is our favourite Malaysian restaurant in Vancouver. We have been there for a number of family dinners and each time they didn't disappoint. Their menu is diverse and has spicy and non spicy items. The highlight is always Singapore chili crab. We have also had the lobster, lettuce wrap, laksa, pineapple fried rice, sabre fish/black cod, fish in banana leaf. We love the deep fried bananas, crepe The only items we did not enjoy so much were the rendang beef (a bit tough) and the lamb shanks (not flavoured well).
A group of us just ate lunch at this location and had the best time! Delicious foods: roti, laksa, sambas green beans, mee goreng and nasi goreng. I've been coming to this location for years and will keep coming back. Our server Nolan was amazing! He remembered all the little details and we all had a great time.
"I've always heard mixed reviews about Banana Leaf. We came during happy hour and we ordered the 5$ calamari. We liked it for 5$ but we would not pay full price for it as it was just like onion rings (without the onions of course). The laksa noodle was very flavourful and they had a lot of variety of seafood inside. The noodles that we ordered, we asked for spicy and it was very spicy. I had a hard time eating it even though I love spicy foods. 

Overall, the portions are a bit on the smaller side for people with big appetites. I would come again to try the other options they have on the menu."
Excellent food...good service. The only complaint I have is, I wish they would have checked with us during the meal to see how things were. Definitely on the list for a return visit though.
"Been to Vancouver twice, and I've eaten at Banana Leaf both times. Simply amazing, and worth every penny.

+ Lamb Shank is so tender it'll fall right off the bone.
+ Mango Chili Prawns are AMAZING.
+ Haven't had anything I didn't like from here yet.

Very delicious, quick friendly service, even with other tables full on a Saturday night.

~ (TIP) Parking is FREE in the back alley. Not many spaces, but better than paying for expensive street parking due to the hospital nearby."
"This was my first experience with Malaysian/ Singaporean cuisine so my opinion can't speak to the authenticity of the dishes here, but as a newcomer I can say I'm hooked!


We started with an appetizer that reminded me a lot of crepes, then for entrees we got the laksa and this other noodle dish.

While the seasoning on the laksa fell slightly flat, I enjoyed how thin and chewy the noodles were. 

We also got mango margaritas and the lychee martini, which were weak but fruity and delicious.

The service was impeccable, the restaurant is clean and spacious, and the surrounding area (Broadway Street) has a ton of shops to walk around after you eat!"
My gf and I got the 7 course tasting menu, a great way to try a variety of what Banana Leaf has to offer. Was very delicious and we were stuffed. We even took some home and it was amazing the next day. Cool drink selection too and we both loved the fancy cocktails we ordered. Highly recommend this place.
"Believe the hype. Went with the mrs and ate like a pig. Food was soo good when the waiter asked "" would you like desserts?"" i asked "" do you have a wheelchair to cart me out"". Food and service was TIP TOP!"
"A few of my close friends and I decided a reunion lunch was in order when we haven't seen each other in a few months. I love having lunch with them because they're my 'foodie group' - the circle of friends who want to dine where they've never dined before and will try anything once. When we were deliberating where to eat, one suggested they want Malaysian/Singaporean food, and Banana Leaf came up. Since none of us have dined here in years, we decided to give it a go.

My friend who's dined here before told me she had a bad experience before but was willing to give it another shot. As we walked in, one of my fears came to life: abysmal service. The hostess gave me attitude after I had asked a simple question (do we need a reservation to eat here?) The nerve of this girl. I've worked in the service industry before and I would never respond the way she did, so I was ready to walk out. But since I've never had a bad experience here, I thought I'd let it slide. Thank goodness that was just a little hiccup, because our server couldn't have been nicer. He was very attentive and knew when to check on us. Any trace of the venomous encounter with the hostess is gone.  

When he asked what we wanted to drink, I ordered one of the best drinks I've had in my entire life: Pineapple Slush Colada. Anyone who knows me knows I LOVE coconut (used to hate it, now love it). Coconut water, coconut cream cake, coconut macaroons, coconut milk, coconut trees (because it reminds me of paradise),  coconut erry'thang, me loves it. The combined sweetness of the pineapple and coconut mixed together in slush form was definitely fireworks in my mouth. Or-gas-mo. When we tried each other's drinks, it was unanimous that my drink was the best. High five, me.

Then our orders came. We started off with the Appetizer Sampler which was a small plate of vegetables in a tangy dressing. It was okay, not the very best. Just Plain Jane in my opinion. Then we were served with a big platter of calamari, spring rolls, and roti. The spring rolls were quite delicious, and the roti was actually pretty good, but the calamari didn't quite take off as the other 2. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't superb either. 

We had some chicken and beef satay as well. I'm not a big fan of beef satay, so I guess I'm a bit more bias - but I preferred the chicken satay better. The beef tasted a little chewy, whereas the chicken was quite moist. The sauce that came with it tasted average, just okay. Then our fried rice arrived. It was served in a half-gutted pineapple. Raised my eyebrow a little bit on the presentation, because I learned that anything served on the plate should be edible. That half eviscerated pineapple was definitely not, but it's ok because the fried rice was pretty good. It was the Pineapple Fried Rice with Seafood & Chicken. I liked it. Then our last main dish arrived, which is the Braised Lamb Shank. I don't normally have lamb anywhere except when I dine in Greek restaurants so I was a bit skeptical. But as I'm with foodie friends and I'm willing to eat anything once, I tried it. Fall off the bone and marinated in a flavorful sauce, I liked this dish as well. Delish!

Of course we wouldn't be a foodie group without finishing off with dessert. I can't have chocolate so my friends were kind enough to order dishes with no chocolate: Pisang Goreng and Kuih Dadar. Pisang Goreng is deep fried banana served with vanilla ice cream topped with crushed nuts and palm sugar. I love deep fried desserts served with ice cream, so this was a hit for me. Kuih Dadar is another coconut dish, so you know that I'ma be raving about it. According to their website: ""Sweet coconut crepe made with pandan leaves with palm sugar and grated coconut"". KABOOM. More coconut goodness in my mouth. The presentation of both desserts delivered, so that definitely helped with the experience.

Ambiance, experience, food, and service. I would give this place a stellar 5/5 had it not been for that insufferable hostess. I'm giving it a 4.5/5, bumping it 4/5 (I really gotta campaign for those half star ratings). Would I come back? A hundred times yes.

Review #7 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge."
"A staple in my lunch routine for over a decade now..... yikes, that's a statement.
Always a high level of customer service and the consistency in food is unreal. The Singapore Laksa is always great, perfect for those dull rainy Vancouver days to help get your mojo back.
This is one spot that I will always default to,  it simply never disappoints."
"The roasted eggplant is still something I think about every time I drive pass this place. It was so memorable, and the first time I had it was the early 2000s!

It's a nice, quiet, and humble restaurant serving nothing but classic Malaysian cuisine. Can't go wrong with tried, tested, and true."
"The lunch menu is really good here.  Great deal.

The tasting menu is also good if you want to be able to try a few dishes.

The only downside is when you go in a big group. There is an automatic tip added and they will not give you separate bills, which can be really frustrating."
I have been to several banana leafs but this location is hands down the best.  Really tasty and good prices.
"If i were to review this restaurant solely on taste, then it is very deserving of the full 5 stars!  
have been a fan of this busy malaysian chain for many years, most recently was at this location for my roomies bday dinner.  
as usual, the lobby was packed with people waiting to be seated.  the servers were running to and fro getting out orders and serving hot delicious plates to their tables.  
we had made reservations and ended up waiting for about 15-20 mins, which is quite reasonable considering the high traffic at that time.
i had come from a late lunch prior so i regretfully had no room for a meal.  
i did however ordered myself the double lychee mango mojito which was strong and tasty!  and i can never go here without having their signature deep fried banana dessert... oh, how everything just tastes better when its deep fried!! 
everyone had an order of the roti to start...which i had to sample of course.  one of the dishes i always have to order as well when i come here.  the bread is soft and chewy and dipped in their mildly spicey peanut sauce just completes it.  in fact, the roti is delicious on its own.
my room mate had the pineapple fried rice, which is served right out of the pineapple shell!  a delight to the eyes and even more pleasant to the tummy! another dish i have had many times before and always praised.  the pineapples make the normally salty dish have little bites of sweet surprises...much fun! and if you dont like the hot spice of malaysian dishes, this one wont leave your tongue burning.
my other room mate ordered the mango chili prawns.... i have never sampled this before so i had to steal a few off his plate.  i love eating fruit in my mains!! although the dish itself wasnt piping spicey hot, the mango had the perfect balance with calming the chili prawns.  i just love those jumbo prawns...slurp slurp!

if i had to rate solely on service, i would probably give 3-4 stars.  not rude, but not exactly stellar.  it's too bad, because the very first time i ever tried banana leaf, the server for our table was so friendly and happy, i fell in love with his jolly nature."
I really like this place！Opening that industrial strength metal door leads you into a nice spacious dining area. We arrived at 430 so there were hardly any people. We ordered a variety of dishes like eggplant fries (delicious & delicate, eat them while they are warm and crispy), clams, chicken skewers, deep fried tofu, oysters. We also ordered roti (different from Indian roti) and coconut rice. Everything was delicious with tons of flavour and different textures. Definitely will be going back.
"The salad was nice and refreshing. I especially liked the sweet and sour fish sauce as a salad dressing. The different nuts on the salad gave it a nice crunchy texture. Only thing that has room for improvement is the tossing of the salad. Some bits were overly dry and unseasoned...but I'm just being nit picky here.

The roti canai doesn't taste as good as when I had it here a couple of years ago. It's not flakey enough and it lacks a bit of sweetness that it used to have. The calamari is not crispy enough. The dough batter is a bit dense. And it's sort of flavourless. It simply lacks seasoning.

The flavour of the string beans was good...but I think there's something about the way it's cooked, that it's not to my personal liking. There's just something about the texture. But it's not a bad dish. I really enjoyed the beef goreng. The spice level was just right for me. I like food a tad spicier than usual. For the most part the beef was cooked really well, but there's this odd piece that was just a tad dry. The sauce covers this up really well though. I'm not a big fan of fish, but the fish curry was done really well. I like how they added okrah to it.

The Pisang Goreng was the highlight of my meal. My sister thought it was too greasy/ oily. However, I thought every bite was perfect with the ice cream. Absolutely delicious! 

Service was stellar. They kept refilling our water without us even asking. And at one point, they even changed our plates and utensils even though it wasn't necessary."
This is a fantastic place to spend dinner with your friends and family. My mom decided to choose this restaurant after hearing many good things. We ended up deciding on the 9 course meal, which was a ton of food! I would definitely come back to this restaurant, especially for their fresh seafood dishes and aromas. I am very interested in trying new Malaysian foods after coming to this restaurant!
"We went to Banana Leaf for dinner yesterday. After the first two appetizers - Satay (Lamb) and Roti Canai, I was so excited to go home and write a 5 star review of the restaurant. The two dishes were so amazing. Maybe it's just that I haven't had an Roti in a long time. That stuff is delicious.

Needless to say, they did not live up to the hype created by the first two dishes. Their chicken (which my friend and I remembered was dry on our last two visits) in the curry chicken was dry again. King Prawns were also on the dry side (overcooked). 

The Rendang beef curry, lamb curry and the sambal green beans were quite good. Well cooked and with good flavour.  

The deep fried banana dessert was as good as I've had. 

Prices are reasonable 
$1.5/skewer for satay
$11-$15 for most main dishes
Rice is ordered seperately"
"Order the Dungeness crab and be prepared to weep with joy.
Do not do so on a date unless you have been together a LOOOONG time. You will get messy. You will eat like an animal.

My friend and I ate here. We were greeted at once, quickly seated and ordered the crab and a side of roti. The crab arrived not long after -  a monstrous, alien pile of legs smothered in sauce, a pile of fresh roti on the side. We attacked and later  realized we hadn't spoken to each other - or even looked up - for a good ten minutes because we were so absorbed in the food.

The mountain of crab legs sits atop the main shell, so you don't realize until you've plowed through all the legs that there is this giant shell filled with the crab fat and delectable sauce just sitting there.  You just see it and yell out:
MORE ROTI PLEASE!!!

Service was absolutely terrific, ambiance just right. Love it love it love it. I would eat here every week if I could.

Damage: Approx $40 including crab, 2 orders of yummy roti, tax, and tip.
Well worth it!!!"
"I love Vancouver because it has not one, two, but a plethora of Malaysian restaurants. Banana Leaf is probably one of the better ones. They have three locations in Vancouver.. one in the West End, one on W. Broadway, closer to the east side, and one in Kits, also on Broadway. 

Try the calamari appetizer and the oh so good char kuay teow. (Their roti canai is probably the best in Vancouver) Not anymore. Sorry, Banana Leaf, Jonker Street beat you with the Roti.  If you're adventurous and a Malaysian food virgin, they have a great tasting menu for $25 per person.

They have pretty yummy cocktails too!"
I have dined at the Banana Leaf on several occasions and I keep coming back for the deliciousness!  I still remember the first time my friend brought me here and I had never tried Malaysian/Singaporean food.  It was a like a flavour explosion!  On my most recent visit we ordered: roti canai, vegetable spring rolls, hot & sour soup, mee goreng and the rendang beef.  Admittedly it was a lot of food for two people but how can you decide??  The roti canai was so good, as always, a generous portion and served with the most delicious sauce.  The spring rolls were crispy and delicious.  The rendang beef was so flavourful!  The service was super fast and friendly.
"Service is quick and pleasant here.  I've never once had a bad experience.  I  mostly go at lunch, and I can certainly get in and out within 40 minutes.

The Roti Canai is SOOO addictive - so much so that everyone I've ever gone with now calls it  ""crack"".

The Laksa is outstanding as well."
"I have ordered take out from here a few times and have never been disappointed. The Kung pao chicken is tasty. Lots of chicken for the price. The cuts on the onions and peppers, however, are too big. 
The Rendang beef curry was the perfect level of spiciness. Would have been nice to have some veggies included in this dish but, again, lots of meat. 
I have not dined inside the restaurant but the stench of mussels is so strong every time I go in there to pick up my food so I dont think I could sit through that."
"love the new remodel design. the place look stunning newer and much cleaner. The foods is absolutely delicious just like how i remember it. 

Great menus,  great drinks options,  fresh- high quality seafood, wonderful and friendly wait staffs 

will be back soon."
I really enjoyed my dinner here. To start off I had their tofu goreng. Absolutely delicious! Nice and sweet with just enough spice to make my lips tingle. For the main course I had their lamb shank. Phenomenal! Absolutely fall off the bone tender with a delicious braise that complimented the lamb nicely. Even the spinach was perfect, not over- or under- cooked. The fried rice was a little plain, but once the lamb braise was put on it you would never know. Service was great. Always around if I needed it but not overwhelming. Very friendly as well. Prices were not too bad, not great, but definitely not bad. The app, main course and a beer for about $30. Overall I definitely enjoyed my experience here and will definitely be back!
"Great food - went with Malaysian friends who thought the food was very authentic.  Very busy, though - come early on weekdays for lunch, or prepare to wait.

The roti and sambal beans are my favourite."
Fried calamari and salad are very good. The pineapple fried rice did not come on a half pineapple as written in the menu though...
Great food, and exceptional staff. Always very friendly. This place can get pretty busy on most nights.
"Absolutely delicious!  Some of the best food I have ever eaten in my life.

Appetisers: spring rolls and satay chicken
Mains: black cod, green beans, prawns
Dessert: banana and ice cream

All of the food was incredible.  The service was great.  My only complaint would be the noise level at supper time, when the place was full, was very high.  But the food more than made up for it!  Love it!"
I can never say anything bad about this place. The service is superb and the food is just plain soul food. The spinach in curry sauce tastes like it was just made for my palate. This is my absolute go to restaurant for malaysian, singaporean, asian food.
pricey for the food, and the Asian servers were good but this tall Caucasian was not.  Quality yes salty and oily for stir fried, OK if they are not.  The only eye opener was the mango appy, which was good.
"If you are looking for spicy, tasty, cheap food- Banana Leaf is your place! Make sure to start with a order of Roti and then try and narrow down your main course choices. The spicy shrimp green beans are awesome and there are lots of traditional meat dishes to choose from. Make sure to get a few orders of coconut rice and finish your meal with deep fried banana and ice cream. If you plan to go for dinner on Friday or Saturday night make sure to call ahead and make a reservation or you will be waiting for a bit in the cramped waiting area. 

Make sure to try their guava juice- yummy!"
Deliciosoooooo! Food is Goooooood! but price, they're a bit pricey. The resto is always full therefore noise level is not that good if you want peace and quiet.
"A-OK about sums it up. I liked this place, but it didn't have a nice ""feel"" to it. The staff are like factory workers and the customers get treated like they're waiting for the assembly line. The food is good, not amazing. 

Be careful coming by at lunch time, you will be waiting."
"This review is solely based on the service we received (or rather, lack thereof) within the first 30 minutes of arriving at the restaurant. 

We were not greeted by a host when we arrived. There was a couple sitting in the entryway, and us. We peeked into the dining area and there were a lot of servers walking around. Each time a server looked over, they would make eye contact and smile but no one asked if we had been helped. Most of the servers seemed to be walking around and looking about, and not actually serving. Finally after a few minutes of not being able to get someone's full attention, we walked to the bar area. 

Again not being noticed standing at the bar, we just shouted over the commotion and asked if there was a host we could speak to and put our name down for a table. One server who noticed I was trying to get some help looked up without stopping what he was doing, shouted over, ""how many people?"" ""what's your name?"" and that was that. We had a seat, and within the next 15 minutes, several more parties entered and were not greeted. One group even left. 

After some time,  a server came to the front and started taking down names, though she said she wasn't sure of the wait time since she didn't know where the host was. This confused everyone, but after some time, the host appeared and seemed to get everything back under control. 

We were seated shortly after this, and the rest of the night was smooth with really great service and very tasty food."
Coworkers and I checked it out to see if we wanted to use it for catering on our airplane. We thought the food was very good, restaurant clean, pleasant, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
"Came here with the whole family (8 people) for birthday celebrations.

I'm unsure when, but the place has undergone some decorative changes - it's more modern, brighter although I'd argue it lost some of it's more traditional charm.

There's a bench that runs the length of the restaurant and has more of a diner feel to it, than a Malaysian restaurant.

Aside from that the food was spot on just as I remember it; roti, satay skewers, lamb curry, spicy prawns, mi goreng, seafood dishes and the beans were all delicious.

There's ample free parking in the rear alley if you arrive before 7pm which is a bonus, it fills up fast!

We very much enjoyed the food, and ambience - if I were to be a bit picky, I'd say for a large group it'd be good if all appetizers came out at once rather than staggered."
It's not every day that you get service like this! What a great experience. We didn't make reservations on a Saturday so we had to wait for a bit but after we were seated the server came quickly. She was very polite and hospitable. They have many different options available. Malaysian fusion type food served here. We had the Malay curry chicken, it was big enough for two people! Had a great dinner, curried chicken with a side of rice, for only 22 dollars. I am very much looking forward to coming back here. Hopefully they as well add more authentic Malaysian dishes in the future.
This place has a trendy setting. It was very busy but I can see why. Food was super amazing and tasty with really big portions. Big selection on the menu and friendly service.
"This is the best Malaysian food that I have ever had in Northern America.  I went there with my Malaysian friend and I put the job of ordering in his good hand.  The Rodti Canai was incredibly delicious. The Singaporean Laksa was mouth watering.  I have to say these are ""Must Order"".  Gulai is really good as well.  Kerabu is good but if they can get mango from Thailand/Malaysia it will be way much better.  Now I know what's authentic Malaysian good food!  I will definitely be a regular customer of this restaurant"
Went for dine in yesterday. Had the chicken lettuce wrap which was amazing. Then had the beef shrimp rice and king pow chicken. They were ok.
Obsessed with this place! You want good food? Look no further ! We always order more so we can take home. They also recently renovated the restaurant!  Ps- visit the bathroom for a good dance sesh, they always place the best music and you can hear it well there
"Banana Leaf is very spacious and has nice simply decor. I liked the dim lighting and the fact that they had waiters in every corner you looked; you didn't have to be waiting endlessly for someone to come to your table.
We got there around 6:30pm and despite the fact that there were people at about 10 tables, we were immediately seated. We ordered lamb curry, kung Bao chicken, roti canai and turmeric rice. 
Roti canai was great - crispy, moist and flavourful. The sauce that came with it was incredible; we wanted to ask for more but felt a little shy and greedy at the same time so we didn't. 
Lamb curry was full with flavour and the pieces of lamb was tender. The serving was generous and we loved how nicely it paired with the turmeric rice. 
The kung Bao chicken was okay - I wasn't expecting it to be as sweet as it was but I suppose I haven't had it in a while so I must've forgotten how it tasted. Regardless, the serving was generous and my husband really enjoyed it.
The prices were affordable for the taste and quality. Our total bill was around $56 but I noticed they hadn't charged us for the turmeric rice so I pointed that out and the sever adjusted our bill for us. The servers were really friendly and checked up on us during our meal. 
Great place and great service. Would love to go back here when we are craving Malaysian/Singaporean good. Based on our experiences, we highly recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting to try delicious curries and Malaysian roti/bread."
"This place was highly recommended by a friend or I would have skipped it.  We got 3 things for 2 of us and had leftovers.
Turmeric spinach made a good starter because it was garlicky, light and very fresh.
For main dishes we asked for Assam Curry made vegetarian and they got it exactly right.  Tangy coconut milk curry, mildly spicy without making you cry for mercy.  With nice fresh green beans floating in the generous amount of sauce.  
Also got the Mee Goreng noodles, special vegetarian order of no fish sauce or shrimp paste and once again they got it right!  The noodles were lightly crispy, smokey, flavored with egg and tasty tofu.  Ahh so good.  Definitely coming back here again."
"Booked this place for a 6PM dinner on Saturday night. Was hungry early so showed up around 5PM and the place was already bustling!

Our family of 2 adults and 3 kids were seated in the back of the dinning area in a more secluded but spacious area which was perfect for us. 

Since we arrived earlier, it happened to still be happy hour so we ordered a feast. The most memorable items were the meat skewers, the roti and spicy green beans. The meat skewers were nicely seasoned and grilled well. The roti was flaky and soft at the same time. The spicy green beans were a recommendation from the waiter and it was a good one! Nice spice and good wok flavour. 

An awesome experience and worth trying. They have multiple locations throughout the city so I'll definitely be trying them out again."
"Amazing! We intended to go somewhere else but ended up here after not wanting to wait in line for a generic chain restaurant dinner. What luck that we ended up here!
We all ordered lychee mojitos and they are hands down the best mojitos we'd ever had. Definitely worth ordering, even if they aren't the special. 
We ordered Mi Goreng, lamb curry and ten veggies in ten spices, and they were all delicious. However! Everyone agreed that the 10 veggie + spice curry was the best. A must order! I'm sure if you're a meat lover you could ask to add prawns. 
I did remove a star for not giving rice with curry/dishes with gravy. At the price for some of these dishes, a bowl of basic white rice would be well appreciated. However, if you end up buying the extra rice, the coconut rice wrapped in banana leaf is amazing. 
Definitely a must visit either for drinks OR food (or both)."
"I seriously need to stop coming here so often, or I need to start learning to make these dishes myself or else I'm going to be broke!

The service was pretty atrocious. The restaurant wasn't even that busy but we had nonexistent service. I can't even say bad because they simply weren't around. 

The food was delicious as usual. Love the lunch prices."
"2 star pricing
3.5 star food
3 star portion.

Items ordered
Nasi goreng 4 star
Roti chanai 4 star
Chicken redang curry 2 star
Green beans 3 stars"
"What's your favorite type of food? My all time top favorites are Malaysian, Thai and Japanese. I find it nearly impossible to find great tasting authentic Malaysian food in Vancouver, let alone the Lower Mainland. There is one that is aaaamazing, drool worthy and finger licking good, and that's the Banana Leaf. With 5 locations in Vancouver and a massive menu of all your favorites, you can't go wrong!

I'm loving the renovations they finished just in time for the holidays, super colourful and a little more modern but keeping the Asian look and feel. The food is just as good as ever too! Loved their cocktail menu, tried the Red Lotus Lychee cocktail that was slushy and even had a raw lychee on top! We started off with the Kerabu salad that they split for us, so refreshing and jam packed with flavours. Then for some appies, we had my 2 favorites, Roti Canai and Chicken Satay. The sauce they use with the roti is out of this world, it's so amazing, you need extra for sure! Gimme a tub of it!

For dinner with tried some new items. The seafood Gulai was a delight. Full of scallops, prawns, mussels, clams and more! The sauce was perfect, a concoction of tumeric, tamarind, galangal, lemongrass, ginger and my fav, coconut milk. Mmmm perfect over some coconut rice! We also tried the pineapple fried rice that came in a fresh pineapple which was fun and exciting! Another suggestion that is my fav there but we didn't have this night is their Mee Goreng, one of my favourite noodle dishes from my trip to Malaysia years ago. Mmm so good. Lastly for dessert we tried the deep friend bananas, mmm a typical dessert that never gets old.

My suggestion would be, make a reso and order the chefs choice 11 course meal. Ya you can get the other smaller course meals but why not just go for the 11 course? Try everything! You won't be disappointed with their authentic flavours!

They have 5 locations across Vancouver, from Broadway, Kits, Robson, Denman, and Davie. My fav is the newly renovated Broadway location at 820 W Broadway"
"Passing grade. Service was good.
The food was good. Could have used a little more spice."
"My partner arrived early before everyone got off work so we got a table quickly. I love their renovation - looks so fresh and inviting. But the 2 person table size shrunk which is fine during lunch or when there's only one guest eating but for two people with multiple dishes, there simply wasn't enough room. 

There weren't enough servers so they were scrambling. One of them literally walked right into me when he was walking to a table with food. I was halfway through taking my coat off when he bulldozed me. No apology, no acknowledgement whatsoever. I suppose I should have figured it was going to be a ""meh"" meal. 

Good: 
- hot and sour soup never disappoints
- roti was delicious. The curry dip tastes a bit watered down though
- nasi goreng was delicious as usual but like before it was just so spicy for a dish that doesn't mention spice
- sambal green beans were really tasty and the beans were cooked beautifully but too much oil in the dish
- appetizer green salad with papaya, bell pepper, tomato and pineapple was delicious as usual but would have liked to see more salad greens 
- lemongrass honey tea is always nice especially when it's cold out

Bad:
- the service is disappointing
- the deep fried banana dessert was not good. Had a deep fried banana dessert elsewhere and thought they'd all be the same but nope. We left about half a banana on the plate with the lackluster vanilla ice cream because it wasn't worth finishing


I like most of the food in this restaurant. I just need to be mentally prepared for apathetic service next time."
"Delicious, delicious, did I mention delicious? 

Came here for lunch after my nearby appointment. I haven't been in probably close to a year because our last experience at the Kits location really turned us off. We thought we'd give it another try and we're so glad we did because the visit got us 5 stars.

This location is now open all day. They used to close between lunch and dinner. We came around 2pm and it was virtually a ghost town - which is great because it means better service and faster food. 

Since we hadn't been here in awhile and wanted to enjoy the glory that is everything, we got a bunch of stuff:

- tofu goreng
- nasi goreng
- sambal beans
- roti canai

and two drinks (calamansi with honey and the korean citrus which were both delicious). 

Everything we had was the epitome of Banana Leaf being on top of its game like it is many times but not always. Everything was delicious. We finished everything except the nasi goreng  which we happily packed up for leftovers.

The service was fantastic. We were seated quickly, water was brought to us immediately, order was taken, food came briskly, checked in a few times bla bla bla. Everything was great. We had a lovely lunch and it was quiet which doesn't happen often in this location."
I think most people will agree that they serve some pretty good and authentic food, however I can't say I'm impressed with the pricing or the service for that matter. These are things that I generally feel are very important so it's a shame when the food doesn't match. The presentation also isn't there - nobody likes sticky tables from the previous customer.
I had the shrimp lunch special and the roti.  The roti and dipping sauce was amazing as well as the sauce the shrimp was in.  The shrimp could have been more fresh.  Enjoyable lunch!
"I don't give 5 stars to many restaurants. Most really good restaurants get 4 stars from me. You have to particularly outstanding in your food and service. I can recognize when it's not the wait staff's fault. So I will compensate. That said, I have loved coming to Vancouver BC just to eat. It's a beautiful city. But we will drive up from Seattle jut to eat. There's nothing comparable in Seattle morning the surroundings.

A group of us have known each other for 50 years or more. This was very spontaneous. We really did drive up just to eat. Two of us had been here before. In fact we've been to all the Banana Leaf's in Vancouver. The other two had not so this was a real treat for them. 

We ordered the Roti Canai, lettuce wraps, Sam all green beans and the seafood gulai along with Steamed Jasmine rice. All dishes were enjoyed by all.

At the end we decided to share aa dessert. We never ordered dessert before because we were always too full from the meal. This time we ordered the fried banana with vanilla ice cream. Oh boy! Next time I'll order dessert first!

I think we were in the restaurant for at least a couple hours. Our waitress was very nice and let us siit and gab. There wAs only one other table occupied so why not. 

Finally as we started to leave, the dinner crowd was coming in. I swear, this is my most favorite place to eat! 

Definitely 5 big stars!"
"My last visit to a Banana Leaf was over 10 years ago. Since then, a lot of smaller, mom and pop Malaysian restaurants have opened. At a friends suggestion, it was time to try it again. 
Firstly regarding the new decor, I like it. Time to move on from the traditional kampong look! Anyone from Malaysia know what is a Kampong! I wanted to try many dishes so the 11 course was chosen. We were not disappointed, in fact, super happy. Started with Mango Kerabu, (mango. Salad) loved it. It was followed with chicken satay and Roti Canai...as good as any place. Cumin mussels was lovely, especially if you have rice or bread to soak the sauce up. Lemongrass prawns was next, super tasty, filled by peppercorn lobster.....nicely done. Seventh item was Assam Scallops, cooked perfectly. I also have to commend them on nice cute china for the appetizer sized taster plates. Nice presentation all around. Rending beef came next, no complaints there. The samba okra is very tasty.....could have spent a few more seconds on the wok as it was a bit crunchy. The sable fish was tender inside and of good flavor. The coconut rice was very fragrant, and the Pisang gored was beautiful presented. However the batter did not taste as good as other Malaysian place. Overall good. To compliment the dishes, we ordered Char Kuey Teow, which was super delicious, and Nasi Goreng which hit the spot. All in all, we tasted 13 items.....all good, some fantastic. Good job banana leaf! 
I read past reviews, and quite often service had issues. Overall our service was above average. I hope they will try and achieve consistency in that area as the rest of the experience is worth a HIGHLY recommended rating from me. It is only my one experience. Disclosure......I have a Malaysian background."
We were here last week and the food was amazing, the service incredible and the atmosphere was great as well. This is a do not miss kind of restaurant for anyone visiting Vancouver or a local.
"We had beef satay, hainanese chicken, mee goreng and char hor fun (wide ride noodles).  

We traveled from Seattle to Vancouver just to dine here.  The char hor fun is by far the best dish of the evening.  They have gotten the smoky aroma down perfectly, something very few joints are able to pull off.  Presumably most customers do not ask for nor consume a side of fresh, cut green chilis, but locals do this and they go very well with the dish.  The restaurant is ready when you ask.

The other dishes are also excellent.  A somewhat shocking revelation is that I have found that the quality of ""street food"" in Singapore has deteriorated due to many hawkers retiring and not passing on their skills and craft to their offspring, who would rather aspire to a white collar corporate career.  Hence the void is filled by imported labor who through no fault of theirs, simply do not know what the real stuff is supposed to taste like.  

Thankfully, the unique flavors of the cuisine of that region is well preserved by the staff of the Banana Leaf... I dare say the food is more authentic compared to if you blindly travel to Singapore and wander into one of their gazillion food stores and not doing your prior research.   To get real Singaporean food you have to talk to the locals who would love to show you their discoveries.   If you do not have such connections, you'd be better off eating at the Banana Leaf!"
"First time here to try their delicious lunch menu. They have set course menus and lunch special prices. We came here for lunch and they got packed quite quickly!
*
Green Asian salad ($10) ~ this consisted of pineapple and papaya and this isn't the typical papaya salad with shredded papaya. But the dressing they used was so good! It was tangy and sweet perfect contrast between the two. The pineapples were super sweet and the spinach was super good on the dressing.
*
Char kuey Teow (LS) ($14) ~ this is the best one I've had yet! The flavours were there, and the noodles were perfectly cooked. They had lots of filling consisting of meat,
Seafood (such as shrimp, squid, fish cake, etc). The flavours pop out and it's probably the best char kuey teow I've never had!
*
Singapore laksa (LS) ($14) ~ there laksa had a lot of filling in it! Every bite I took had some sort of seafood in it! The noodles were good and thin make it take up the sauce to make it more delicious. The laksa sauce itself, isn't bad! Definitely not my #1 go to place for it but it's something I'd get again! The good thing is that it's not
Too heavy or rich. So it's perfect for lunch!
*
 9/10 - I really liked coming here, and the flavouring was delicious! Char kuey teow 100% recommend!
*
 10/10 - lunch here is a must because the menu was around $14-15. Plus the portions were super good too! We had trouble finishing it all but we had no regret anything! Total bill before tip: $39.90"
"This contemporary interior Banana Leaf on Broadway and Willow did not disappoint me. It was different from how I remember it from years ago.

The food was beautiful and authentically delicious. The appetizer curry spiced oysters could melt in your mouth while the thin and crispy batter was evenly seasoned with curry and spices. The greens were fresh and appetizing. I haven't had lamb shank for a while. This braised one was so tender that the meat fell right off the bone. The carrots and veggies were cooked so well in the lamb sauce. For our carb, we chose char kuey teow (spicy stir fried rice noodle with seafood) which had the perfect spiciness for my liking. It might be a little too spicy for certain people. You might want to check with the waiter/waitress if they can adjust the spiciness. It was very comforting and flavourful! For dessert the pisang goreng (fried banana with vanilla ice cream) was traditional and yet very well made. The deep fried exterior was not too greasy while the inside was the sweet and tender banana.

I will go back and try other dishes. This is a great place for friends to hang out. Next time I will make reservation again as this place is always busy regardless what day in the week it is."
"Good ol Banana leaf. I've been to this location and others on several occasions. It's always a good time here.

Some must haves when you come to the banana leaf is definitely the roti canai, skewers  and their nasi goreng.

This is the original restaurant I believe... And they've renovated the inside and it looks great. Has a real tropical vibe to it.

The food just has a lot of flavor and spices and the cooks are always on their a game its always the same quality consistent food each time I dine here. 

I love the banana leaf I think it's definitely a Vancouver staple. I will always come back here to enjoy it with friends."
"Banana Leaf has become the standard by which I compare all other Malaysian/Indonesian restaurants - which is a bad thing because I've yet to find another that measures up! This wouldn't be a problem if I was still living in Vancouver; luckily, I visit often. (I always say the reasons I go back to Vancouver are [in this order]: 1. Mom, 2. FOOD, 3. Friends)

Over the six years I've been coming here, there have been a few additions to their menu and the prices have gone up a bit (damn you inflation!), but little else has changed - in a good way. Besides the food, two standouts are the Malaysian décor (e.g. traditional Malaysian kites, called mau, hang on the walls) and the very attractive female staff. As for the food, I've tried many of the items on their menu. But since I don't have the luxury of coming here whenever I want anymore, I've pared down the menu to a select few favourites that I always order. 

I start off every meal with a half-order of ROTI CANAI (flaky layered bread, http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=H3dwlRD3z3g9BJAuywUB0w). It's incredible - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and full of buttery-goodness (but surprisingly not that greasy). The curry dip is amazing with it but the roti itself is so good it doesn't really need it.

The pièce de résistance has got to be the SINGAPORE LAKSA (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=DbTvYKEOTUGpTpB6BWAhRw). O-M-F-G! My mouth has a mini-orgasm every time I have this. The coconut soup is so rich and incredibly flavourful with the dried shrimps and lemongrass. The rice vermicelli, which has a large surface area : volume ratio, is perfect for soaking up lots of soup! Same goes for the sponge-like tofu puffs :) The bountiful toppings of bean sprouts, egg, chicken, fish cake, squid and shrimp are all fresh and never overcooked!

Another favourite is the Alaskan BLACK COD WITH CARAMELIZED GINGER SAUCE. The sauce is sweet, savoury, garlicky, and goes perfectly with rice. Despite how flavourful it is, the sauce doesn't overpower the fish - which is fatty and super-flavourful itself.

For dessert you can't go wrong with the always-popular fried banana with ice cream. For something a little different, I always get the PULUT HITAM (black sticky rice pudding, http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=_mCuDFyxvhVGn4L3VBVxOw, served with coconut milk, with or without durian). The sticky rice is served hot, has a great chewy texture, is not too sweet, and has a wonderful nutty/chocolate-y flavour.

Recently, I had the fried oysters and braised lamb shank. The oysters (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=67VtrUQ8SYgWECTw3779KA) were crisp, plump, and well seasoned with loads of cracked peppercorn. Though the lamb shank (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=4opehz8O29a1YM3_iz0BpQ) wasn't as tender as I would like, it was flavourful and I liked all the cumin in the broth.

I've never really had a dish I didn't like. Other notable items are the kari lamb, Malaysian curry chicken, anything with sambal sauce, and mee goreng (Malaysian fried egg noodle)."
"My first day in Vancouver and I find a place

A) in the gay village

B) with decent LAKSA?

SIGN ME UP.

The restaurant menu was a but confusing because they had a lot of different menu and combo options, but I was there for the LAKSA only.

It tasted PHENOMENAL and was exactly what I wanted. I also ordered the pandan iced tea which was refreshing and the Lamb skewers which were really well done.

Loved this place and will def come back when I'm in Vancouver again"
Great food, great price, and great service! Been meaning to try this for a while, finally did and will be back! Drinks are delicious and priced fairly. Food comes out quick, is reasonably priced and tasty. Great food without breaking the bank.
"It's dine out round 2 for me! Went to Banana Leaf on W Broadway (close to VGH) to try out their Malaysian food. Their dine out menu is different from other restaurants in that it's 7 courses to share family-style at $20 per person.

Since there were 7 of us in the group, we decided that we would only order 2 dine out sets and the rest from the regular menu to share. I'll start my review with the dine out set. Note that each dish is meant to be shared between 2 people (except for the salads, which are individually served).

The appetizers for dine out consisted of Asian Salad with Papaya & Pineapple, Nyonya Calamari, and Lettuce Wraps.The salad was quite refreshing and definitely had a Southeast Asian flair. It was dressed with a sort of sweet chilli fish sauce, making it sweet, spicy, and salty/sour at the same time. The calamari wasn't bad. It could've been crispier but it tasted pretty good with the sweet and sour chilli sauce that it came with. For the wraps, they give you fresh lettuce with some sautéed shredded meat, mushrooms, and veggies for the filling and you wrap it yourself. There's also hoisin sauce to give it some flavour.
   
The 3 entrees were Gulai Fish Fillet, Sambal Green Beans, and 10 Veggie & Spices with Boneless Chicken. I was surprised how the Gulai Fish was actually quite spicy. It was good though! It was in a curry-like sauce and it had lots of delicious lemongrass flavour. It was good though! I thought the Sambal Green Beans were just okay. They were in a dry shrimp paste. The beans were cooked nicely -- still had a nice crunch but I just thought it was a bit bland. Definitely could've used some more of that shrimp paste. Thirdly, nothing special about the chicken. It was in a red curry type of sauce.

Dessert for the dine out menu was the Pandan Coconut Panna Cotta with Gula Melaka. This is meant to be for 2 people but it's really quite small. Tasted quite good though. The panna cotta was like a jelly with both pandan (green) and coconut flavours (white) and the gula melaka is like a sweet syrup with hints of coconut.

For $20 per person, I would say the dine out menu is well worth it. You get to sample various Malaysian dishes which is great if you just want to try it out or if you're not too familiar with the cuisine. I highly recommend it for dine out! As for our à la carte orders from the regular menu, read on to find out what we got!

I love Roti Canai. It's a type of flatbread that's soft and a bit buttery served with curry sauce. The roti had nice texture. It was still a bit flaky and had a hint of sweetness.

Another appetizer we ordered was the Eggplant Fries. It was our first time having these and it was a delight among the table! They were served very hot, they had a thin yet crispy batter, and the eggplant was soft and silky inside. Also, they were seasoned well with salt and drizzled with Thai chilli sauce.

The Caramelized Ginger Black Cod was by far my favourite dish. It came out very hot which is great and the fish was cooked perfectly. Soft inside and the skin was crispy without any scales (yay!). It had a nice, sweet, caramelized flavour.

The Gulai Seafood had green beans, scallops, prawns, fish, mussels, clams, and squid in the same spicy Gulai sauce from the fish fillet in the dine out menu. We didn't know it was the same thing just with more seafood but it's okay we liked it anyways!

I don't really like lamb but the Braised Lamb Shank Halal was not bad. The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender.

The Fried Hokkien Mee wasn't the best. It came out as soon as we ordered it so the noodles must've been pre-cooked already. They were a bit limp too.

Overall, a solid experience here at Banana Leaf on Broadway. The service was good -- waiters were quick to clear our dishes and refill our waters. However, they do charge a 15% gratuity on parties of 6 or more so just be aware of that. Quite satisfied with the food, especially the caramelized black cod. Meals can be quite pricy though. Our bill came to around $160 after tax and tip. However, I'll definitely be back for their late night happy hour from 9-11pm. :)

Food - 8/10
Service - 8/10
Ambience - 8/10
Value - 7.5/10"
I was having a long day so I thought I would grab some take out. I was on Broadway so of course my first thought was banana leaf, then I looked at my watch it was only 4pm.  were they open? YES!! I am not sure when they changed their hours but they are now open all day. I was so so happy. I got my Mee Goreng with extra peanut sauce then raced to the Canada Line for my crowded ride home. I told myself I would eat half and save the other half. It didn't happen.  it was so good I ate it all! They have a nice tasting menu 9 courses for $30. I hope to return soon with a friend. Love you always Banana Leaf!
"I have dined at Banana Leaf quite a bit over the years (and recently having it delivered) and while it's not the most amazing food you'll ever taste, I will say that it has been consistently *good* and you always know what to expect.

Another bonus is that they have a lot of menu options so you're sure to find something for your tastes that will fill your stomach.

Overall, I have been happy with my experiences with Banana Leaf and would definitely recommend it as a good spot to try out for Malaysian cuisine."
"We took friends for dinner to Banana Leaf as we found their food and service consistent and delicious.
With COVID we respect the constraints on any restaurant but this wasn't the best experience.
After taking our orders, a little while later our server asked if she could bring out the apples and mains together!! Really?!
Even at the time of placing our orders, she was reluctant to take orders for coconut rice (goes perfectly with beef tending) claiming the kitchen was busy!
Well, I have not experienced this before with them so I'll give them 4 stars for their food, the server was cheerful friendly and professional- something was wrong with their kitchen."
"The Banana Leaf has done major renovations.  Personally we prefer it the way it used to be.  We find it to be very generic with the renovation and it feels just like any other restaurant.  Before it had so much character and you felt like you were dining in an Asian restaurant as the décor and ambiance were more like you would expect of an Asian restaurant.  Now it feels so sterile with no soul and warmth.

The food however is still exceptional.  We had the 11 course tasting menu for $45.00 and all the dishes were very good if not exceptional.  I will not name all the dishes as you can check it out on their website.  To us although everything was very good we found the following 4 dishes to be exceptional.  The mussels in cumin sauce were some of the best mussels that we've had.  The sauce was delicious.  My husband ended up scooping up the sauce with a spoon and eating it like soup after the mussels were all gone.  The lobster tail in garlic butter and peppercorn sauce.  This is the one dish that seemed to be a regular size serving.  With and 11 course menu most of the items are tapas size.  The lobster tail was so tender and tasty.  We licked the shells and there was so much flavour.  The  carmelized ginger seabass was amazing.  The skin was so nice and crisp but the fish itself was so smooth and flakey.  It was melt in your mouth tender and not overcooked. The dessert of deep fried banana with ice cream was a great way to end a wonderful meal.  It was a good size banana cut in half and served with ice cream and peanuts.  The 11 course tasting menu is $45.00  

Service was very good.  I just wish that they had managed to the warmth and welcome feeling of the old Banana Leaf when they did the remodelling.

They do have a limited number of parking spaces at the rear of the restaurant but you will have to negotiate some stairs down to the restaurant from their parking lot.

We'll definitely be back."
"After a nice long walk around the seawall our tummies were rumbling so we decided to check out restaurants nearby and came across Banana Leaf. We hadn't been in several years so decided to pop in and so glad we did! 
We noticed it was almost happy hour so we took our time with the menu, which is quite extensive and decided on the Char Kuey Teow, which has shrimp and squid in the mix of flat rice noodles and egg, beans sprouts and fish cake, basically a staple for any meal and always good! 
From the happy hour menu we chose the eggplant fries, which are incredibly lightly battered and crisp, comes with a sweet chili dipping sauce and not at all greasy tasting, I could have eaten the whole plate! We also had the shredded papaya mango Kearny salad, very refreshing and has a slight tangy taste to it. The vegetable spring rolls were also very good but I found the wrapping a little on the thick side for my liking. 
They've added quite a few more dishes over the years and their wine and cocktail menu has grown exponentially! They've now come up with many lunch combos, and tasting menus of 7, 9 or 11 dishes ranging in price from $20-45 pp as well as daily specials. 
The service is excellent and the staff are friendly. Happy hour items on Sundays goes from 3-6 pm. Such a great way to share a few plates as an afternoon snack or later as dinner! I can't wait to come back and try some other dishes. They have an upstairs seating area too at this location on Robson and Denman."
I wasn't big on Malaysian food until a friend of mine told me to try the Banana Leaf. I like Indian food, and even though these two are completely different cultures, their food is quite similar. The restaurant is like something out of Malaysia itself. Such a colorful room with Malaysian artifacts on the wall and traditional music played softly in the background. The servers are so nice it almost makes you feel ashamed of your own bad manners. We ordered the seven course dinner. At $25 per person, it gives you a taste of all the best food they have to offer. The roti canai and the spring rolls are to die for! There are so many flavors. It's like every plate served in front of you brings you to another level of culinary delight. Your palate will multi-orgasm with every change of dish they serve you. Their fried banana dessert is a good way to end the meal. It's a unique choice for dinner or lunch out, but if you're in the mood to try something new, try the Leaf.
Tasty! They've got vegetarian and gluten free option and have always been accommodating to make noodle dishes vegetarian too.  So Flavourful! I like the Gado Gado salad. Others rave about Roti & Redang beef. Usually we get take-out because the restaurant is so busy.
Beautiful place. However very very busy. But waitors/CS are very pleasing to deal with. The food is remarkable. I don't think we eaten anything unpleasing! Amazing cuisine! Even their plates and bowls are so pretty and well thought of. They really value their customers and it says a lot with their interior plating and dishes. I'm always very pleased coming here!
"Banana Leaf have been around for quite awhile as I remember. They also have multiple locations which is convenient.

I really like their Rendang beef curry, satays, and pineapple fried rice. Their ginger beef is a close second.

Every banana leaf is decorated different but has a Malaysian feel to them. It makes a Good atmosphere for friend gatherings, family or a date night. The restaurant can get loud at times though before covid.

The service was good, servers were attentive and accommodating.

I have yet to try out all of their locations, but I've been to the ones in Kits, Davie and Broadway. The food quality is quite similar, which speaks to their dedication of holding up standards across the board."
"I've tried the following and think they're amazing:
- Sambal green beans
- Sambal crab
- tofu goreng
- nasi goreng
- kong pow chicken
- roti
- papaya salad

I had the redang beef and deep fried peppercorn oysters and they didn't stand out at all.

Let's talk about the service, or the lack there of. I tolerated it simply because the food was so great. I went twice in the same week and the service was lackluster both times - but I forgive you because your food really makes up for it. 

Love the price of the lunch menu! Please note they open at 11:30am, so don't accidentally go earlier and be disappointed they're not open yet (made that mistake before).

Had Tropika on Cambie Street before and I'd say Banana Leaf wins for best Malaysian food (though I'm partial to Tropika's salted fish fried rice!)."
"My family went for a Sunday lunch. It was pretty busy but surprisingly the service was super efficient. 

Three of us ordered five dishes (papaya salad, ten veggies ten spices, pineapple fried rice, scallops and lettuce wrap) and two desserts (coconut rice pudding and durian black rice) in total with a side of coconut rice. 

The only two dishes I would order again were the ten veggies ten spices and the pineapple fried rice. The ten veggies ten spices was definitely the MVP since my mom even started the experiments at home to recreate this dish. That, the desserts and the service speed were the reasons of my 5/5 review. 

The portion size was pretty decent. My boyfriend and I both have a crazy appetite and were full afterwards. 

Also, the desserts were super good. I would recommend the durian black rice more if you don't hate durian. My family loved both desserts. 

If I go again by myself, I would order the ten veggies ten spices and a coconut rice to go with it, and I surely will be 200% satisfied :)"
You will usually have to wait for a table as it's always busy during dinner service. I've been here several times, though the last time I noticed they increased their prices and the food wasn't as great as before. However, most of their dishes are quite flavourful, especially their coconut curry dishes. Their banana dessert is really good. I took one star off as the value for the price has decreased.
"Lovely Meal 11course special I had with a friend for lunch $45 pp. good varieties Lobster tail in Chilli crab sauce, just delicious along with saber fish well fried jumbo prawns was excellent curried scallops , along with satay and beef rendang and desserts banana fritters n ice cream 
Excellent choices good value highly recommended !!!
Jock"
Haven't been here in at least 5 years.   Came here for lunch today.  Service is ok but the food isn't as good as it use to be.  Ordered the Roti which is a good portion.  Also ordered the mee goreng and beef rendang.  The mee goreng was pretty wet and not very flavourful.  The beef rendang was ok but talk about chintzy on the meat.  Got like 5 pieces of beef.  Veggies were ok but a little over cooked.  Not sure we will be back here again.   Very average which is disappointing.
Ordered out the other day.  The beef rendang was so spicy.  Never had rendang that spicy and I can eat spice too.   That was a bit disappointing cause it wasn't really edible.   I think someone miscalculated on the amount of spice.  The mee goreng and char kuey teow were good.   The containers aren't that big but they are packed in with food.   I'll stick with these dishes next time but definitely won't be ordering the beef rendang.    Also to note is that I got the char kuey teow for free with a $30 purchase on Uber eats so that was nice.
Good service and friendly staffs. Lots of tables and seats. Some takeouts too and the decorations are modern. Medium noise level but on the nosier side. Clean restaurant and restrooms. Pretty busy but still very attentive. Catch on fast and wait time isn't long. Their cocktails are decent and their food is delicious. Really like their desserts too. Lots of options for both food and drinks. The beef curry is good and a bit mild spicy but the beef could be a bit more tender. It was a bit dry the last time I went. Flavourful and over all a great evening with my girlfriend.
"I hadn't been here in years, but now that they can make so many of their dishes vegan, we decided to give it a shot. They do a vegan version of their laksa--which is rare to find--so we were excited to be able to try it. Solid portion, with lots of vegetables (broccoli, peppers, okra, carrots, bean sprouts, and eggplant), tofu, and vermicelli, with an absolutely divine broth. My only complaint would be the half-inch layer of chili oil floating on top when we opened the soup, which we managed to dispose of with some effort. The laksa quality and authenticity matches some of the better ones I had in Malaysia last summer--very impressive. Their base price for the vegan laksa is thankfully cheaper ($16) than their regular one ($18), plus they offer 15% off for takeout, so their normally high prices are brought down to reasonable levels when doing vegan and takeout. Highly recommended. Just fantastic food.

EDIT: We've now returned and tried a bunch more of their dishes, since so many of their dishes can be done vegan. Everything we ordered was absolutely fantastic, with the highlights perhaps being the spinach, and the sambal, though it was all top-notch. Only minor complaint is the high oil content -- perhaps we'll request lower oil next time."
"During my years living in downtown Vancouver, I'd often get my fix of Malaysian food at one of the BL locations...whichever was closest, or at the other ""Malaysian"" restaurant, which during my recent visit, I noticed is now closed down. Then, upon yelp'ing for BL's location, I noticed this ""new"" location on Robson....thought I'd go check it out.

We came a little before 6pm and noticed that the place was already pretty busy. We were greeted by one of the servers who told us it was going to be a 5-10 minute wait.....oh cool!.....at least it wasn't an hour wait! Shortly after, we were seated, handed the menu, and our server came by to welcome us and take our drink orders.....very nice and friendly young lady.

So, my father enjoys good Malaysian food, but is often not too happy with what you get overseas, when comparing it to the real thing back in Malaysia. However, he and I were, overall, quite happy with the food here. We ordered the more typical Malaysian dishes, just because we had a craving for them, and for us to test out the quality of these common dishes. We went ahead and ordered the Roti Canai (flat bread), Chicken Satay, Gado Gado (salad), Boneless Curry Chicken, Singapore Laksa (curry vermicelli noodles), and the Pisang Goreng (fried banana fritters) with Vanilla Ice Cream.

First off, the roti canai was probably the best I have ever eaten in the US/Canada, and is the closest to the authentic roti canai you get back in Malaysia.....thick, puffy, and tastes yummy. The boiled veggies in the gado gado should have been drained better as the water diluted the peanut sauce and diminished the taste quite a bit. The chicken satay was very nice and tender, but had very weak flavor.....a bit bland....the peanut sauce that came with it helped somewhat, but the satay itself typically has much more flavor on its own. The Singapore laksa was good.....yummy. But, it was the pisang goreng, that's my father's favorite dessert....which he will often eat on a daily basis from any good Thai or Malaysian restaurant that carries it.....that he commented was ""very good.""

Yea, some hits and some misses with this place, but overall, we were quite happy with the quality of the food. Service was fine for us despite how crowded and busy the place was. Will definitely come back here again when I'm back in town."
"On our first day visiting Vancouver, a local friend recommended Banana Leaf as a lunch option for us.  We are still talking about how amazing that lunch was.  The perfectly balanced flavors and fresh ingredients were exactly what we had been craving.  

We ordered the peppercorn oysters, roti canai, lettuce wraps and the papaya and seafood soup.  Maybe it was because it was chilly outside but that soup was phenomenal.  Just the perfect amount of spice.  All of our other items were amazing as well; all perfectly cooked without being greasy at all.  

If there weren't so many other restaurants to try during our stay, we would have definitely returned!"
"Like most people have identified, this Banana Leaf does not really live up to the name of the other locations. It's almost incomprehensible that they can charge as much as they do for; lets face it...glorified fried rice. 

My friend and I shared a pineapple fried rice a few skewers and two beers. Everything was over priced and way too oily and there was little to no meat. Why be so el cheapo with the meat? Do yo really think people won't notice if you smother everything in very salty sauce?

If you are in the neighborhood, I recommend going to the donair place next door for a better meal."
Pretty unremarkable food, and my wife and I LOVE Malaysian/Indonesian food. The food here tasted a bit more like Chinese or Thai, and it was expensive for what you get. 15 dollars for fried rice with all of two (count em) shrimp in there. Giving it 3 stars because the decor was nice and the service was good.
"This is one of my favorite Malaysian food crave. The service was good, clean establishment, no complaints. 

The food were all amazing, I ordered Mee Goreng and a Lunch special which is composed of my favorite Roti, Beef Rendang, and Vegetable Curry with rice; a great value to try for trying out Malaysian foods. I highly recommend it and I would come back again."
I love it. Good quality of food. The taste is absolutely remind me of real Asian food in Asia. Will come back
Great service, nice location. They have really reasonable lunch specials but I was with a group of 6 and we opted to order a bunch of items to share. Food is so delicious. From what we order I would get again: mango kerabo(mango, cucumber, carrot salad so refreshing, need it to cut the richness of the meal), eggplant fries(light and a great share plate), roti canai, tiger prawns in mango chilli basil(this is something new I tried and I was crazy about it), nasi goreng, mee goreng, char kuey teow (my fav out of the noodle dishes). We also ordered the rendang beef, and then raised lamb shank which were both quite nice but I would skip them next time and try something else. We finished it off with the pisang goreng which is the deep fried banana, sooo delicious. Make sure you ask for mango ice cream with it instead of the vanilla it originally comes with. It's finished with caramel drizzle and toasted nuts. Didn't last on the table for more than a minute. With a bottle of wine, a beer, 4 specialty drinks, 9 dishes and 2 desserts it came to $210 for 6 people! So reasonable! Definitely coming back. Only downer was they were out of the mango slush to make half of the drinks which I was annoyed about so I was limited on the beverages. Especially when I had my heart set on having a mango drink. Ahh well...
I love the food in all location! Very diverse menu and a lot of drinks selections 5/5 stars. These restaurants are meant for sharing, so if you're planning to be with friends and/or family. This is a great place for that!
"*Resubmitted Review (I left a review on Denman which is supposed to be for Robson)*
Ordered Rendang Beef and Sayur Lemak which is under lunch special menu ($10). Great portion and the taste was okay. It wasn't too outstanding in my opinion. I had high expectations on those two dishes and felt disappointed when I got lukewarm food. It'd be better if it was piping.

I didn't find it too delicious though."
My husband and I were wandering up and down the streets of Vancouver when we found this restaurant. I got the seafood pineapple fried rice and I was blown away. Everything was sooooo fresh. Fresh fried rice mixed with with ripe, juicy pineapple chunks and a medley of fresh shrimp, baby scallops, and chicken. Then the whole thing is served in a hollowed out pineapple half. So fresh, perfect, and delicious. The interior of the restaurant is very beautiful and authentic and the entire wait staff was awesome.
"I'll find any excuse to go to this place. Friendly service, decent portions and tasty cocktails. 

Roti Canai is a must order. Could eat that it all day, everyday!"
The food at banana leaf is so tasty and full of flavour that you'll have to return to try multiple dishes. My faves are the Mee goreng and laksa (made vegetarian) and hey are both soooo good! I love the eggplant fries and the roti canai as well. I've brought friend and family alike and they each have found something different in the menu to love. Definitely a favourite and will be back for more.
"This was our first time at this location, and we were not disappointed. The Banana Leaf is one of my must-do's every time in Vancouver. Ever since my first bite of their caramelized cod, I've been a fan.

This location was less cramped than their Denman location, which was a nice change. As always, the food was wonderful. My son had the lamb-a new try for our family. He is a fan of lamb in general and reported that while this dish didn't taste like ""traditional"" lamb, it was ""really good."" 

A couple of helpful notes: with the wide varieties of spicy food in this city, sometimes it's hard to judge heat levels. The ""regular"" at The Banana Leaf, however, isn't so hot that you'll need a glass of milk and Tums. My kids can eat their food without having to have it made mild. However, the restaurant will make things mild if needed."
"Cosy restaurant.  Immediate seating at 5:30 Sunday night.  Service:  very attentive.

Pleased that they have happy hour!
Pineapple rum cocktail:  ok but wasn't anything that rocked my world.
Eggplant fries:  excellent.  Sweet chili sauce lightly drizzled over it.  I liked that they weren't greasy and that they were just lightly breaded.  Something to be said about just keeping things simple.  Let the vegetable be what it is without overdressing it.

Extensive menu with many tasting options for 2.

Would return to try their other items."
always a good place to eat in and take out. the food are always great, definitely over par. great place to eat in, even with kid(s). some of the food are best to be eat in, but take out would still be more than suffice for personal, or even party.
Went to the Robson St. Location. We had an excellent meal here. We had the $20 tasting menu and liked everything, especially the fish curry. And the panna cotta dessert was amazing. The house wine was also good. The inside space was clean and comfortable for an evening meal. And the service was excellent also. Our friends who have spent a lot of time in Malaysia praised their food as well.
Went here today for HAPPY HOUR, had some real good food and it came out nice and hot. I'll be back soon, and the alcohol was good as well!
"Amazing lunch special.

I always get the Hainan chicken with ginger sauce it is a cold dish so be prepared!

There is an appetizer of roti with Malaysian sauce you also have to get.

Next time I'm getting what my friend got which is the goreng noodle, has that distinct wok flavour over an open flame that we all love.

This particular location is my favourite because it's on Robson Street and it's a fairly large banana leaf quite possibly the biggest of the three that are located in Vancouver."
Came in for early dinner.  Lamb Shank was tender and delicious.  Enjoyed the atmosphere.
Banana Leaf has a good variety of lunch specials and combos for approx. $10-$15. We started with an order of roti. For $7 the portion was small and the accompanying curry was watered down. I ordered the vegetarian delight for my main which consisted of coconut vegetable curry, rice and one vegetable spring roll. The spring roll was good but a tad greasy. The curry was very tasty and there was strong coconut flavour. The curry was very mild.  Overall the food was good but not outstanding. Banana leaf offers a solid lunch with a good selection of dishes for vegetarians.
"I am totally jazzed about a Malaysian restaurant chain.  I love the flavors and think they could really catch on if more people were exposed to them.  Banana Leaf does this in a classy way, putting the art and artifacts of the culture around you and does it at reasonable prices.

So why three stars?  Although our group of 5 had 4 different dishes, only one of them was a standout.  The rest were bland and uninteresting (including the camphur plate and the lettuce roll with chicken).  The star dish was the Singapore Laksa - a coconut curry soup with rice noodles and seafood.  This was great - rich, creamy, flavorful and filling."
"There were 2 locations of this local chain within walking distance of our hotel and we chose this one. We sat on the patio and, after reviewing the menu, decided to order the 9-course tasting menu.  Our first course was mango kerabu, an interesting looking, though particularly flavorfull, salad of shredded carrots, green mangos, chili's and shallots in lime juice/fish sauce dressing.  Next came roti canai, satay chicken and cumin mussels.  We had several dishes on this trip that included mussels, but this one was voted #1. 

Shortly after the appetizers, our four entrees arrived:  rendang beef curry, sambal green beans, caramelized ginger sablefish and gulai tiger prawns and scallops. Our shared dessert was pisang goreng (deep fried banana) with ice cream. Every dish was very good with the only exceptions being the rendang beef curry (tough) and rice (dry).  Pacing throughout the meal was very good as was the service"
I might have found a new Asian cuisine that I love. I had no idea Malaysian food would be so delectable! Every single dish was so distinct and aromatic!
We ordered some of the roti canai (paratha and curry) to start. We also ordered the eggplant fries (5 stars!), tofu goreng (could have passed), It was deliciously crispy and creamy. For the entree we ordered a vegetarian tofu based curry. It is obvious they get their ingredients fresh.
Food was pretty good overall.  Was here during late night happy hour and its a pretty good deal compared to other places in the area.  Malysian milk tea was good and interesting.  My own comment is not to get the win tasting pairing.  They seem to have no idea how that works and they just push out all the courses and bring you the wine only when you ask for it.
If you're going here you have to get the 11 course meal! It's a bit pricier then the rest of the menu but definitely worth it! All meals came pretty quickly and tasted true to authentic Malaysian plates. They also had a very delicious sangria cocktail.
"Warm atmosphere, kind service. 
Bottom line, food was amazing. This is one of my best Asian food places 

Menu description:

Pineapple fried rice & Seafood curry.
Feat. Chicken Satay."
Satisfying, but a little underwhelming. Disclaimer: I am in no way an expert on Malaysian dining. Living in Portland, I have access to phenomenal Thai and Vietnamese food, but Malaysian is something our city has yet to embrace. So my first time was in Sydney ... and it was a revelation. I was very excited to get another fix while staying in Vancouver, but the food here couldn't quite live up to that magical first time. The sampler appetizer was a nice array, all the same (we couldn't put our finger on it, but something about the calamari breading was really addictive), and the Mee Goreng had a nice enough flavor, though texturally, it was kind of a slop. Small but nice selection of local brews was a pleasant surprise, and service was friendly.
"This place has a very inviting, calm interior which us definitely a lot nicer than most restaurants nearby. The food and drinks were delivered very quickly (even at ny neighbours talbe with 8 people).
Pricing is good though I don't like that rice costs 2$. It should be free, since a lot of the meals call for rice or some other side dish.
Soft drinks however get free refills which is great."
Stopped here and ordered takeout to get back to our hotel room. The guy at the front was super friendly and welcoming (unlike a dumpling house we stopped by a little bit earlier that was a few stores down). We ordered some takeout (noodles and chicken satay) and the amount of noodles they gave you was so big that with some chicken satay it easily fed 2. We will definitely be back not just to try more of their great food but also for the friendly service!
"I've been to a couple Banana Leaf in different locations, and I finally decided to try out the one on Robson. Maybe it was the day I decided to go in but the service was HORRIBLE!

First off, the girl who sat us down did not give us menus. We waited but realized no one was going to approach us so I had to flag someone down. After we were ready to order, they decided to kick us out of our spot to accommodate a group of 5 people. We moved tables and once again, it took a little while before someone got our order. 

The food overall was alright, I ordered the hainanese chicken like I always do at every banana leaf. My chicken was a little bit on the dry side and the soup that comes with it was cold! 

I rate this a three star because I've only ever had one bad experience, but please work on your service!"
A bit overhyped in my opinon...while I enjoyed certain dishes here, I think items are slightly hit or miss. I loved the crispy calamari appetizer -- it was perfectly done, and given that it's almost impossible to order calamari that isn't overdone, this was all the more impressive. Also fond the chicken satay to be quite enjoyable. However, the spring roll was overly greasy and the roti prata was too sweet. Would give this place another try but there are also so many other good places to eat in the West End.
"The food was decent. The roti was good with the provided sauce/stew, but it was sweeter than what I am used to. I love the taste of a plain roti, so this really didn't impress me too much. 

However, my main dish was excellent!! I got the Laksa, which is a creamy coconut based soup dish. Its heavier than I expected- I was just barely able to finish it. No way I was letting that go to waste. 

I would stay away from the roti if you prefer more of a tamil influence, but definitely go for the Laksa. No disappointments will be had :)"
How much I miss the Laksa！！！I can't say the Laksa here is the best, but it's very decent. If it could be more spicy, that would be great. And the pineapple rice is one of the best I have ever had. We ordered a lot and nothing was bad. The first meal in Vancouver leaves me a great impression:D
Went with a fairly large group and everyone had the 9 course tasting menu. Everything was very good and I think that especially for eating in a group, it was a very good value for the money. The place was packed, but we received excellent service and although the dinner took about three hours, we lingered because the food and conversation were so good, not because of any delay by the wait staff. In this part of Vancouver, there are a lot of good options, but I recommend the Banana Leaf, especially if you have a large group who might want to do the tasting menu.
Happy hour has some decent food selections and the usual $3 alcohol beverages that every restaurant entertains.  Here though, their food selection was worth trying as we had the Nyonyas lettuce wrap and calamari for half off. That's a pretty good offer Banana leaf is usually known for their higher standard of malaysian cuisine and if you can catch a good valued night you should come here for a taste.
The place is nice but the food is just ok... it's not cheap exactly, I expect better food for these prices... we ordered the curry chicken and the curry was watery and the chicken had no taste at all.. the roti canai was way too chewy and dough-y..
Really enjoyed this restaurant.  Cozy, nice decor and great service.  I had the oyster roti with spicy yam soup.  So good.  Calamari also good !!!!!! Lunch specials are fresh deals!
"I've been to Banana Leaf's other locations around the city and this is just as good.  Located on Robson but further down towards the seawall or Denman.  We were looking at other neighboring restaurants but none of them looked good so we came here knowing it would be delicious and they totally didn't disappoint.  

Not much of a wait for a table and took our drink orders as we looked at the menu. Of course, we started off with the Roti Canai, perfect way to start the meal.  Delicious, crepe like, perfect for dipping in the curry sauce it comes with.  As for our mains, we ordered a noodle dish and a fish dish. Gosh, cant remember the names and the website isnt showing the regular menu for me to check. 

The noodles were tasty stir fried noodles with shrimp, squid, fish cake, and veg all in a light sauce.  Oh man, it was so good!   The fish dish was delicious as well, fish with okra all wrapped up and cooked in a banana leaf.  Perfectly cooked fish and a tasty curry/satay type of sauce.  Both our dishes was super flavorful and satisfying.

Food was great and a reliable place for me to get a good meal when coming into town.  Service was fine, no issues there.  Decor inside is nice, some outdoor seating to people watch etc.  I dont mind the pricing so it was fine with me, portion sizes are great, felt totally full and happy afterwards."
Everything here was amazing! Recommend the lunch special and blended lychee mojito! Great service, very fast
"Ate here last Saturday with my wife.

Ordered Seafood Char Kuey Teow, Curry Chicken Satay, Fish Fillet in Caramelized Sweet Ginger Garlic Sauce, Side of Rice, 1 Tiger Beer, and 1 sprite.

Came up to about $50 after tax. 

Although I'm not sure how authentic it was as the noodles seemed like a Chinese dish (but done better.) and the fish was basically garlic and scallions. It's a fine line though as Malaysia does have a big ethnic Chinese population.

On the side note, the food was great. Although the chicken satay which was marinated in curry did taste a bit bland.

It's a bit more then I'd like to pay, but the food is definitely  good enough to make me come back once in awhile to splurge without an order of satay.

I hope this location stays in business, I know the restaurant prior to this one was a Thai restaurant and they didn't do so well as it's a pretty big space and I'd imagine the rent is pretty high."
"I've been to this location a few times and haven't been disappointed yet. Overall their food is solid, decor is nice, and the staff friendly and helpful. 

On my last visit, I brought some out of town guests for lunch here. We decided to all try the Big Lunch Sampler from their prix fixe menu.  They served up the food on big plates to share the food. The nice thing is that they don't force you to pay $17 for each person in the party. You just tell them how many portions you like (minimum six portions). So if you have young kids who don't eat much you don't have pay for them. 

When the first few dishes started to come out I was a bit worried as the portions looked small. However, as more and more food came out my worries were alleviated. There was plenty of food to go around and more. Everyone enjoyed the sampler as there were a good variety of dishes to suit everyone's pallet. The fried bananas at the end was a great finish especially when washed down with a good cup of their special coffee (not part of the prix fixe menu)."
We did delivery order online as we were staying at a hotel with our dog. The order came promptly and our food was amazing! We could not find any order of white rice on the order screen so we assumed we would get some rice when we ordered rendang beef curry... Too bad it didn't and we should have written that on instruction at the time of ordering. Fortunately we ordered  roti canai, which was delicious. We were very happy with the food and would love to come back so we can try different dishes.
"New location of Banana Leaf and glad that something lesser quality didn't move into replace our fave spot in the area.

The lamb curry, papaya salad and roti canai were identical to the Broadway Banana Leaf location. Yummy. I was happy that it was what we expected.

They apparently have $5.95 lunch specials through November 2012."
This place is great to stop for lunch. The Abundance of Seafood was done really well and if you like curry and seafood you should think about ordering it. The exotic cocktails are also worth stopping by for. The mango Margarita our blended lychee mojito were both delicious.
"Laksa for just 7bucks for lunch?! Come on, you have to try it!

Honestly the best soup I have ever had, kinda spicey but coconut milk gives it nice smooth taste,

If you are planning to go, dont forget make your reservation or you will be waiting about 20 minutes for free seat ( even waiting is absolutely worth it)"
"I love this place!

I got Laksa, papaya salad and mango sticky rice.
Everything was very good.
Will go back again!"
"This new-ish location in the Banana Leaf chain is fairly standard, I'm actually basing this review off two seperate visits within the same week - I love me some roti canai :) 
So the first visit is the main reason for the 3 stars instead of four, the service was a bit touch and go and our server seemed to have disappeared about half way through our service leaving us scratching our heads as to who we would continue to order from, it was kinda weird and it agitated my date big time, also quite hard to get the bill but the food was fab as usual.
My second most recent visit was a better one, came with two girlfriends one of whom came toting a one and a half year old and the staff was great, they put us in an area as to not disturb the other guests and were quite attentive indeed although we got there right at 5pm and the place was not packed by any stretch. My wine was delish and the food was good (we shared the appetizer sampler and the curry chicken and a noodle dish which name escapes me)."
Good food, and good service!  Appetizer combo plate is a great way to start the meal.  Roti is super tasty.
"Food : 3/5
Decor : 3/5
Service : 3/5
Price : 2.5/5

Food was okay, curry worth a try. Service and decor was okay, price was a bit too expensive, and group of six need to pay 18% gratuity. 

Overall, it worth a try, but you can easily find a better Thai food in town."
"I've been to all three downtown Banana Leaf locations and always enjoyed it. Went here most recently on a Sunday just after lunch and the place was cool, well-ventilated and shady, and not very busy. Service was quick and friendly, too!

And as always, there were some pretty good deals. I had a $15 lunch platter with a lot of variety, and everything from the salad to the calamari rings to the kung pao chicken was flavourful and nicely prepared. I also had a cocktail called a Malaysian Jungle Bird that tasted pretty good, though cocktails are always on the expensive side, even here.

The dessert was a surprise - I've had their coconut pana cotta before and thought it was just okay, but this time it was really excellent. Maybe they've changed the recipe? Either way it was creamier and had more flavour, came topped with yummy fruit bits, and the syrup blended in nicely with the rest.

This Banana Leaf and the others are a great place to grab something casual and fun to eat, and this location might be the nicest both in terms of atmosphere and traffic. I always like going here!"
"3.5 stars for Banana Leaf.

My friends and I ordered the satay skewers (one each of beef, pork, chicken, and lamb), pineapple fried rice, mee goreng, and beef rendang curry. The skewers were okay but I only got a small sample of each so it's hard to judge them. The pineapple fried rice was simple but tasty, nothing to complain about there. I think my favourite dish was the mee goreng. It was spicier than I thought it would be.

We had good service, and after splitting the bill, it came out to be just over $15 each and we were all stuffed, so it's good value for what you get. I would return to try more items on the menu."
Had lunch here with family. Ordered Singapore laksa, Char Kuay Teow and Hainanese Chicken Rice. They all were good and did not disappoint. As Malaysians, we were brought back to tastes and aroma we enjoyed back home. Great decor and ambience. Friendly servers and ample sitting areas.
"Ate at Banana Leaf and could not have been happier with my food.

I did the 8 course meal and was both full and ridiculously happy. Had a lot of fun ranking the food that I ate in the meals. That tells you something. 

Definitely try the 7-9 course meals!"
Really enjoyed lunch here! Filling and very tasty. Didn't need another meal all day. Love the spices in the food - intriguing and different.
A great discovery!  Tasty, the kids loves it, and prices were reasonable.  Won't hesitate to come back in the future!
We  walked around the West End area for a good place to eat.  The menu displayed outside showed they offered Singapore Chili Crab, that sold it for us!  We can't seem to get this in Houston where we are from.  Since it was just my husband and I, we just got this, Roti Canai, and green beans dish cooked with some shrimps.  Everything was just delicious!  The Dungeness crab ( live, not frozen) with globs of chili sauce was so yummy and the green beans were so good and flavorful.  This place excels...
"We had a very enjoyable dinner here on a Friday night, although we showed up at 7:30pm on a Friday night with no prior reservation, they were able to fit us in a nice table upstairs. There was a bit of a crowd as the night went on by the time we left at ~9pm. 

Food is pretty good, flavourful and a bit heavy as expected for Malaysian/Singaporean food. We ordered:

- appetizer sampler $18 (fruit and veggie salad (heavy sauce), 2 fried eggrolls, 2 fried squid rings, 2 chicken satay skewers, 3 pieces of Roti bread... best part is the 3 part sauce: peanut, satay soy, and the one for the Roti.. ?)
- Assam curry with seafood (a little bit of scallops, prawn, eggplant, bell pepper, some other veggies)
- Nasi goreng (seafood fried rice)
- Singapore Laksa (coconut based rice noodle dish)
- lamb shank -- the meat is so tender it's falling off the bone, I think they made this as it's ordered so it took a while to come out of the kitchen and was the last dish served. 

Overall, the deal was delicious, again, generous portions for our party of 4, and the bill came out to a reasonable ~$100 total (tax + tip included), as I would expect for a nice sit down restaurant on Robson street. 

Next time, I will try the ""Banana Leaf"" branch on Davie street, that one is definitely smaller in scale and not as fancy in deco though."
"Came after a long hike to have a few beers and some food. Service was a little slow and it took about 15m to get 5 of us seated at 3pm, even though the place wasnt very busy. We ordered Lamb Satay and steamed mussels to start. The satay was really good, although it was a bit oily. The sauce for the mussels was incredible, blending cumin, coconut and garlic together to make a sweet and savoury delight. Our Mee Goreng was delicious, with a perfect balance of spice, not too oily.

We went for happy hour so food and drinks were not too expensive. The beer menu is a bit limited, but overall it was pretty good value. After 830pm they have a ""buy 1 take 1 home"" special that i recommend you take advantage of."
This place has great food.  My favorite dishes here are the Hainan chicken and the roti. This time,  the chicken tasted a little bit different from what I remembered...but still tasty.
"This place was just okay. It was obvious that they were really trying, but just not quite making the cut on the Asian style foods they  were attempting. My husband, having lived at times in many of the countries represented by Banana Leaf's foods, was severely disappointed.
For being mediocre, this place is also pricy.
All being said, the waitresses were very sweet, and at least the chefs are trying."
"I liked Banana Leaf a lot and am only giving them four stars because I wish they had more vegetarian options so I could enjoy more! My husband says ""five stars from the meat-eater's perspective"".

As it was, the Tofu Goreng and the Green Asian Salad were excellent. The portions were big and I had plenty for that meal and some to take away. My husband had the Gulai Seafood and Roti Canai and loved them both.

The service was great - prompt, professional and attentive."
Excellent Malaysian food... The appetizer sampler was delicious, the pacific halibut in Assam curry was really good and the pineapple fried rice was simple but delicious! Highly recommended!
"Here is another lunch review. 

They are still having lunch specials for $6.95 now (notice the $1.00 increase from last time), and the items are still pretty much the same. A laksa and a rice dish. 

I will refrain from saying too much about the food as my feedback has not changed since my last visit. I asked for extra broth again as I can never have enough. What I would really like to comment on this time is the disappointing service I received today. 

Generally, I do not care for much service. I expect you to know your menu, answer my questions, take my order and bring me my food. Wait... Is it too much to ask that a waiter/waitress knows the cuisine? 

Here's my story: 
When I ordered the Singapore Laksa lunch special, I said I'd like to change the rice noodle to the yellow noodle. She looks at me blankly. So, I said it again. This time I referred to it as mee, which is the proper term for it. She continues to stare blankly. My last attempt was to call it egg noodle. She started to frown as though I had been a hand full just then. She snorts: ""...so, just the egg noodle?""

Then, we got into the extra broth confusion. I said: ""and with extra broth, please."" She gives me the SAME BLANK STARE and so my husband chimes in explaining that the broth gets soaked up by the noodle, yadaa yadaa, and may we please just get a little more broth with the noodles. ""OK"", she snorted again. 

**Slight addition to this review: my bowl of laksa came with the chopsticks stabbed in it. Aside from it being a disaster-spill waiting to happen, that is also how you serve food to dead people in some cultures. Thanks, waiter/waitress.

We Malaysians pride ourselves for the most friendly and efficient service. Our cooks back home are always versatile and will make any food you order to your liking, even if it means changing almost everything about it. Of course we do not expect this sort of treatment here, but we can at least uphold the quality of service. Please, teach your waiters and waitresses a lot more about our cuisine. Otherwise, you cannot pass yourselves off as an ""authentic"" Malaysian restaurant. 

It is one thing to be an unfriendly waiter/waitress. It is entirely another to be an obnoxious and arrogant one. You are not fooling anyone."
"Wow. Just wow. Rating is on food alone.

J and I rented bikes and biked around Stanley Park and the city of Vancouver for about 2 and a half hours. We were STARVING by the time we finished biking. And the closest and most delicious sounding place to get some grub? Banana Leaf. ohhhh mmmmyyyy goooodnesss. 

Roti Canai. Sambal Green Beans with beef added. Ipoh Char Hor Fun. 2 orders of Jasmine Rice. Done. Killed it. Freaking delicious. 

GET THESE DISHES. 

If only this place existed in Seattle...I'd go so many times and try other dishes."
"First time dining at a Banana Leaf, and first time trying Malaysian food. I had the Char Kuey Teow, which I found to be very similar to the Thai dish Pad See-Ew. I love the latter, so I quite liked the former as well. My father had the Pineapple Seafood Fried Rice, which was both mild and complex in flavor. I think we both would have liked a little more oomph from the rice, but we agreed that it was very tasty anyway.

My dish was a good portion for the price ($15). My father's rice was, in my opinion, just a little expensive for what it was ($17). HOWEVER, we ordered from the Buy One Take One Home menu, which meant that we each got to take home another entire serving of both our meals. Which made our food extremely inexpensive for what we got. TWO full meals each, for $15 and $17 respectively? Wow!

(Note: Our Pineapple Seafood Rice didn't come with a big chunk of pineapple, the way it seems to when you order it off the regular menu - which is a shame, since I think that bit of extra presentation makes a HUGE difference in how the dish is perceived.) 

Overall, I wouldn't say I was utterly blown away by the food here, but I definitely enjoyed it. Their BOGO dinner deal is pretty fabulous value for your money, and I'd definitely like to go back and try more items from the menu.

I just wish their upstairs area was open more of the time. I'd really like to eat up there, but it always seems to be closed off whenever I go by."
Good Malaysian food here. The kids really enjoyed the Roti and chicken satay skewers and gobbled them up immediately. Yellow curry and vegetable dish (with okra and eggplant) were especially tasty. Good, friendly service as well.
Came here with my girlfriend around 7pm, not crowded just like ordinary weekday dinner time.  Servers were neither kind nor awful, so My impression was ok not too impressive.  But foods were nicely presented.  We had meego raeng noodle and larksa noodle. All fresh and it gets very addictive. We really enjoyed the food and dishes were tasteful.  I would like to visit again !
"Not that I would come running back here any soon, but seriously, their lunch specials at $6.95, the service, decor, relaxed atmosphere, will make me think to come here just a tad often more.

First time here, usually go to the Denman or Broadway one.  A bit smaller, but there is a 2nd floor.

Lunch special is their seafood laksa, a bit spicy w/ loads of shrimp, squid & tons of noodles.  It's enough for 2 meals if eaten 'appropriately'.

Also the mee goreng is recommended, a bit of a ketchupy flavour but again good bang for your buck & it's yummy. shrimp, tofu, but one gripe is only about 5 pcs of beef, not much.

Their special salad of papaya/pineapple, w/ a few yellow/red peppers, some peanuts, fried shallots.

Date worthy."
"Nice atmosphere, spacious. We were group of 8 and had no problem reserving table on sunday night. When in doubt, try char hor fun and appetizer sampler. 

Roti wasn't that impressive though, compare to other Malaysian restaurants."
"we came across banana leaf when feeling undecided about what we wanted to eat. we were greeted by Morgan (pretty sure that was her) name and promptly seated.

seeing an extensively delicious looking menu we decided to go for the 30pp tasting menu. So glad we did every dish was amazing. the roti cinai and all the seafood dishes were the highlights. 

highly recommend this restaurant"
"Tasty and fast lunch service! Great for a work week lunch stop.

A few of my co-workers and I came here for a lunch out. We were a big group and they were able to seat us with no problem. Service was really fast, and they answered all of our questions about the menu. They have lots of lunch specials and have really fast service once you order.

Food:

Veggie springrolls: Four to an order, came out piping hot with a zippy sauce. They were a bit greasy though, but I really liked the sauce.

I forget the name, but bread roll like flaky naan: Yumm, I go crazy for carbs and this was no exception. The sauce here was good as well, and the bread was really hot and fresh when we got it.

I ordered the Laksa soup. This was the first time I've had it, so I don't have anything to compare it to, but it was really yummy. I ordered it extra hot, and it was medium-ish. I really wish restaurants in Vancouver would make things spicy. 

I recommend the Lemongrass-Ginger tea. That was really good and they give you a little pot of it."
We usually eat a lot of Japanese food but decided to try something different since we were in town. We don't eat a lot of Malaysian food so went to Banana Leaf. It was decent here. Clean dining area and good customer service. We ordered the seven course meal for two and we were surprised by how much food we received. The food was very good and had a lot of flavor. We were satisfied with our meal.
"We love the Banana Leaf, typically would go to the Denman Street location which is quaint and intimate.  This location on Robson is large, open and a different feel than their other locations.  Although the locations are very different, their food is consistently great and we're fans. 

I didn't like the fact that when I went to pay a specific credit card, they asked me if I carried another credit card and made up some excuse that wasn't valid why they preferred one over the other.  I only carry one card and when I told her that she quickly changed her tone and openly accepted my card.  If I didn't experience that issue with the credit card preference I would have awarded this venue 4 stars."
The pineapple seafood fried rice is EVERYTHING!! So delish. I topped that off with a Thornhaven Gewurztraminer (local to BC), which was a nice touch. Service was fast and great location!
Great service from Jeffrey! The Malaysian Laksa is excellent as well as the roti canai. I will have to come back for their cocktails. But as an afternoon break, fresh coconut juice is perfect to get you through the last five hours of your day.
"not bad for downtown malaysian food.
roti canai, skip that. you can get these @the grocery isle, I was expecting a hand made one.
noodle dish were pretty good. we might come back to try different dish."
"It's a shame that I can't like this place more. I caved -- FINALLY! -- and popped in for lunch. Since they were having a customer appreciation special, I decided to go with that. Lunch for $5.95! 

The Laksa for lunch special, although stated as ""Singaporean"", shares the same curry with the Malaysian Laksa on their menu (I'm almost certain). The main difference: noodle. Singapore Laksa - rice noodle; Malaysian Laksa: egg noodle.

I ordered the Singapore Laksa on lunch special, changed the noodle and practically made it a Malaysian Laksa, for the price of the lunch special. The curry came a little short in quantity. Please, you can't serve a true blooded Malaysian a half bowl of curry and call it a meal. Naturally, I asked for more curry. Oh boy, did I get more curry! They brought me a big bowl of curry, and probably went snickering back into the kitchen. Snicker no more, I finished it. The verdict: NOT BAD AT ALL! I expected worse! It was nicely spiced, coconut creamed, and just generally quite flavorful. It gives me hope for a 4-star review next time around! 

The service was OK. I don't need much of that around here. The girls were very friendly. 

The prices are steep. But my trick around that is to be smart when you order! Only order what is worth the price. I know it's easier said than done, but try!

Let's do this again, Banana Leaf!"
"This place was pretty good.  We tried a few different items from their menu and everything was flavored pretty well.  I've been to many Malaysian restaurants and I can't say this was the best...the flavors just weren't as strong as I've had in other spots.  

I will say that they do have fun and creative cocktails and the service was excellent and friendly."
"Banana Lead Robson Street!  Love the 
Nonya's Lettuce Wrap. chicken,  Sauteed with nyonya spices, jicama roots, shitake mushrooms, chives, carrots, and cabbage in a wonton crispy fried cup.  Served with fresh green lettuce."
"Mmmmm. I loved Banana Leaf when it was on Denman (and that's still my favorite location, though I haven't been in ages), and then it opened up this location...right across the street from my apartment. 
I'm doomed to spend all my money on Assam Curry Tofu and on Singapore Laksa (which PS: is on special for 6.95 Mon-Thurs until 3pm, whaaaat). I get a young coconut for dessert, which freshens my curry breath before I step outside, and ensures that my food-baby belly is hydrated. 
I'm vegetarian, and there are some good options on the menu; ask your server though... things like the Sambal Green Beans are a silly thing to get vegetarian because the sambal is what makes it special, and that's got shrimp paste in it, so they'll just make it with soy sauce and garlic, which you could do at home. Get something you CAN'T make, like the veggie lettuce wrap (whose default is pretty spicy, heads up!)

Staff are friendly and make a point of remembering regulars :) Some days, I have to make sure I walk on the other side of the street so I don't find myself going in for dinner just to say hi."
A Singapore/Malay oasis in the North America. It's a large establishment with penty of seating outside and inside. Caters well to large groups and allows for reservation. It was pretty packed on the weekend evening that we had walked in but we were able to secure a place soon enough. We had chicken curry, banana leaf fish and of course, roti canai. The food was on the spicier side but very authentic and delicious! High recommended and totally worth the trip to Vancouver for us Seattleites.
"This is a classic need a half star situation. I would give them a 2.5, just verging onto a 3 star. FYI I would give the Broadway location a 4 star.

This will be my third time eating at this location since they opened and they are yet to live up to their Banana Leaf name in service and food. 

I am confused on the service, I feel like zombies have taken over the staff here, they move exceptionally slow in a dazed fog. On none of my trips have there been more than 1 or 2 other tables but trying to get seated seemed so surprising to the staff. Months later they still seem startled when someone walks in. One time we stood there for 5 minutes while the waitress sat on the ground and wrote out the specials of the day on the blackboard. 

Food is good albeit not consistent. The roti canai seemed a very small portion compared to the Broadway location and the curry sauce runny. The lettuce wrap filling was yummy but the lettuce leaves though big and fresh were drippy with water, we had to dry them on our napkins! My Char Kuey Teow was just how I liked, perfect blend of flavour,  but I ordered Chinese sausage with it and they forgot completely. Satay is always good, a staple on my order roster. I also normally order the chicken curry and sambal green beans which are superb.

Honestly, I can't remember much about the location, being summer I have eaten on the patio twice and just inside the door the last time. I remember high ceilings, traditional decor and a little more fancy than the other locations. 

Prices are fair, they have gone up over the years and it's not a cheap Asian meal. You are looking at least $50 for 2 people with appetizers and main, no alcohol. Lunch specials are approximately $15-18 and a broad selection to choose from.

Ah- the kalamansi soda is fabulous. I used to have this daily when I was in the Philippines. Kalamansis are like sweeter limes.

#30daysofyelp
5/30"
Really tasty food, all around the table. I especially liked their chicken curry. My husband loved the pork ribs. Excellent service too.
"It has a very nice decoration and atmosphere. Fast service and nice staff. I find the food on all locations alright. Nothing too great but also not bad either. Good spot if you wanna have some drinks with friends over dinner.

We had the eggplant fries to star and they were delicious (it costs $5 during happy hour!). Beware of some fried rice dishes that can be very spicy although the waiter will tell you it's just a little spicy."
Please note that we did not eat here.  Our daughter had previously eaten their chili crab and highly recommended it, so we walked to the downtown restaurant from the four seasons.  Big mistake on MY part.  Should have called first.  They do NOT the chili crab at the downtown restaurant.  The other one near Stanley Park, serves it but need 24 hr advance ordering.  So lesson learned, call first.
"My vision of a perfect restaurant involves great food (duhh), cool atmosphere and a great drink list. The food here is awesome,  they have some of the best drink lists and the atmosphere though not great, is definitely  a little more upscale than the other Banana Leaf locations I've been to.
The cocktails are delicious and a total bargain,.$10 and they're all doubles! My mango margarita wasn't the best but the Singapore sling my wife ordered was on point. We both got noodle dishes (cant remember the names but they were incredibly tasty). We also ordered an appetizer tray, the roti and satays were fantastic but the salad and calamari were mediocre and at $18 for a very small plate it was the lone RIP off of the menu.  I'm taking a star off an otherwise amazing experience because our server wasn't very good,  he wasn't helpful when I asked for menu suggestions,  brought our appetizers tem minutes after our main course and never once came around to offer another round of drinks (sorry Singapore Sling, I'll drink you next time). One last glaring negative,  they don't take Amex!!! The food is so good I'll definitely be back but for a 5 restaurant chain to not take Amex is ridiculous.  I live on the Sunshine Coast and even the little vendors at the farmers market take it!"
"We have trade show every April in Vancouver. Banana Leaf is one of our favorite places to visit. You have to make sure you have reservation. Variety of exotic items on the menu. Fried rice served in half of pineapple is very tasty as it is visually appealing. Variety of sea food and vegetable only dishes. Last time I tried braised lamb shank, and it was really good. 
We had to wait for our table more than 20 minutes even though we had reservation. 
So many good restaurants in Vancouver to visit, but next April we will dine at Banana Leaf again."
EXCELLENT FOOD. I loved it. Great service as well! Awesome, fully recommend! Mee Goreng was great!
Wow! Walked in off the street and discovered this jewel. I had the English Bay Sunset box and everything on it was wonderful!  The calamari was light and crispy, the Roti Canai delicious, the chicken satay very tasty.  I would definitely have this again.
First time here and we experienced excellent service and delicious food! We are only in town 2 days, but we'd like to return tomorrow. Scallops and coconut rice were so satisfying, as well as the drinks and the calamari and salad. Can't wait to try more, or maybe we will have to get the scallops again
"Bottom Line:  Mediocre service contrasted by bold, uneven dishes.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is one of the last meals I ate with my brother in law, known as 'Gerald ""Lutz911"" L.' on yelp.  He passed away last night in a motorcycle accident.  He really enjoyed yelping, so I decided to write this review...

Gerald and I often coordinated our family visits by consulting yelp for where to take the family to dinner.  We were in Vancouver BC to bring my daughter to college -a big extended family affair - and after striking out at our top yelp picks Kingyo, Guu and Ramen Santouka  for our party of 8 (so many Vancouver restaurants are soooo small!) - we landed at another yelp pick, Banana Leaf.

It should be noted that this Banana Leaf is the lowest scoring of all the branches in the chain.  This is important, because the food here was good, but uneven...service lame.  I would surmise you probably wouldn't have these issues at other Banana Leaf restaurants and get a 4 or 5 star experience instead.

The average price for even vegetable dishes was a little high in my opinion - about $14.  Things like the eggplant in oyster sauce with basil were so delicious as to be worth it; a complex dish that had me dissecting each bite so I could imitate it at home, it had basil, fresh ginger playing against dried shrimp and soy sauce...and I suspect some XO sauce.  Very satisfying.

Unfortunately, the lamb curry - an iconic dish in Malaysian cuisine - lacked punch.  It had barely any curry sauce, no spice to it (a hallmark of this dish), and I suspect I know why sauce was lacking:  the lamb had been braised to the point of burning.  You know that taste you get when some meat burns and that smoke permeates the dish?  Yeah...that taste.  Not worth $18 by any stretch.

Gerald loved the Mee Goreng and the Mussels in Cumin and Ginger sauce that he chose.  He was always good at picking out strengths on a menu.  The mussels in particular would well worth the $8, quite a deal for about 8 to 10 plump, perfectly cooked mussels in a creamy, pungent sauce worthy of spooning on rice.

The service was lacking.  Inattentive on refilling water, not pulling dirty plates.  They were obviously in a hurry to get off work (we came near closing)...but, honestly, I can't think about it now....because I won't eat with Gerald again and now it seems so small..."
"We had a supper for four, on saturday evening, outside in the patio. 
The waitress was very friendly and effective. For an ultimative experience they should exchange the polluted and damaged disgusting tablecloth.
All the meals were served together and hot. My curry was of rich flavor and my sons meal were the best prawns ever, he told me. All the meals were of  original taste and recommendable. This day we had the bettler  choice sitting in the patio, behause airconditioning was temporarilly out order."
"Finding ourselves in the West End, which is a rare occasion, we had intended on visiting a particular restaurant on Robson Street but, after seeing the long lineup queuing outside, we headed over to nearby Banana Leaf instead.

Banana Leaf is a popular Malaysian eatery with a number of outlets around town. We started out our Sunday morning feast with a Virgin Lychee Mojito ($5) and Curry Spiced Oysters ($12). I've had this slushy drink before in the past but felt like the one served here was a bit lacking in flavour. The deep-fried oysters, however, were on point with a delicately light coating.

One of the things that Banana Leaf is known for is their set meals which lets you try a bunch of different items. When we saw the picture of their Malaysian Brunch ($17), we knew we were going to order it. Served in a cast iron pan, you get everything you need for a perfect meal... tender rendang beef, roti canai with a curry dipping sauce, eggplant fries, krupuk (deep-fried crackers/chips), sayur lemak (vegetable curry), and turmeric rice topped with a fried egg.

We also wound up ordering the Chicken Satay ($8) with a well-balanced peanut-based dipping sauce.

Overall, I'm actually quite pleased that we wound up here instead of our originally planned destination."
Not quite familiar with Malaysian food, so I decided to try them out. We ordered the calamari, fried oysters (4 pcs per order), mussels in cumin coconut sauce, fried chicken wings, mee goreng, and sides of white rice. My favorite dish of the night were the mussels. They were perfectly cooked and its cumin coconut sauce is so delicious you can put it over anything. My least favorite dish however was the mee goreng noodles because it was slightly overcooked which made it gummy. Had it been perfect I would have assigned it 4 stars. The service was attentive and the ambiance was modern ethnic which makes it fun. They have a beautiful bar and offer some lovely cocktails. Hopefully, they continue to improve so and I will be back.
Food absolutely awesome, very friendly staff. Perfect seasoning, very appealimg presentation. We'll be back for more!
This was a fun find when exploring the city area near Stanley Park. We were seated quickly and the waitstaff was very attentive. I ordered the Singapore Laska since I had never had anything like it before - I enjoyed it! Definitely something different for my palate and I love trying new things. The rest of my party all loved their food. It certainly hit the spot after a long day of travel and exploration. Thanks for giving us a taste of the diverse foodscape of Vancouver, Banana Leaf!
The service is excellent here! I tried the Nasi Goreng and my husband tried the lamb curry. Both dishes were delicious. I'm looking forward to trying their other dishes.
Love this place so much. The servers are always so nice, and we keep coming back! Thanks to Jeff and James for always being so nice...
Had char koay teow and chicken curry. Honestly tasted more like chow fun and the curry was rather sweet. Not true to Malaysian cuisine, rather closer to Chinese food than anything else. Tasted okay at least.
"All foods are delicious. We ordered a menu course Taste of Malaysia $20/person. It's super good and a lot of variety. The appetizer was awesome. I likes rendang and fish. Desert was also included. 

The waiters are nice and polite. The restaurant interior design and decoration show Malaysian style, South East Asian culture. 

We were really happy had lunch there. We will be back again someday.

Thanks a lot Banana Leaf (Robson) for giving us a wonderful experience ."
I love the food! I miss eating Malaysian cuisine and this restaurant met my expectations!!! As authentic as it could be. Service was fast, food is priced reasonably but could be more affordable. Overall, we enjoyed our visit and would love to visit again soon.
"We've been coming to Banana Leaf for years but haven't tried this location. Happy to report that their consistency in quality and recipes taste the same regardless of where you go.

We started off with roti canai... Can never go wrong with that. Freshly pan fried, flaky and slightly sweet. Always so good! We then ordering their nasi goreng. Very tasty and just the way you want it. We also their mee goreng. Both were off their lunch special menu and it was a great choice for us to have.

Glad they followed Covid safety protocols and felt safe in their restaurant. Will certainly come back again."
This has been one of my favorite spots in town. This location is fairly big and has some outdoor seating available in nice weather. The kung pao chicken, meat skewers and roti are among my favorite items to have here.
"I love this Banana Leaf! 
Amazing service, amazing food as they have a 7-11 course meal which is absolutely delicious. I love everyone single one of their desserts from fried banana ice cream to their mango sticky rice. Their food is authentic and totally worth every single dollar!!!!! I love you Banana Leaf!!!"
"If you have never had the pleasure, a must visit for lunch or dinner. Super friendly team, very tasty food. The perfect blend of spices and flavor without the crazy heat.

I think Malaysian food is the perfect gateway to Asian foods, and these guys do it right.

The peanut sauce for the chicken satay is sooo good. The roti canai (a form of nan like bread) so amazing hot out of the kitchen, then add a tasty sauce to dip.

And tonight I had the lamb. Mouthwatering. Fall off the bone tender, with an amazing stew. Braised lamb shank, so nice.

When you go in ask for Jeff or James, they love people, and will fast make you feel at home."
Fantastic fast service if not to fast. This food is an adventure for your tongue....just how we like it. We had the 11 course meal and a bucket of tiger beer...arrive hangry and you will leave happy.
