This place was great - and I was there only for Sunday brunch (all you can eat buffet) so far.  Live music, great service, and really good Cape Verdean food (the seafood rice dish and Tuna empanadas especially - although probably have a different name on menu!).  The service was fantastic and the best part was that while it was busy, there was no effort to rush us out as we stayed for about 2 hours.  Oh, and also it has a full bar.  One of the owners name Jose (pronounced Joe-say) was greeting customers, smiling, and doing almost everything else. He helped to create a great vibe.  I will be back for dinner and brunch again.
"Great spot for good authentic CV food and great drinks.

Has a live band  which is awesome and a very warm and welcoming vibe overall when you enter. 

Quick tip: Thursday nights are the live nights and it gets pretty packed with people dancing and singing and having a great time. Its simply amazing."
Bomb ass eats... Hands down best Cape Verde restaurant in Beantown!!  The staff is always very friendly and the drinks are on point. I typically get the same meal every time I come through, because it is that good! Steak tips, rice n beans, mussels, shrimp, with eggs over easy.., The margaritas are official to.
Great prices, service, cocktails and food.  I had the spicy chicken and it was cooked perfectly with crispy outside and spicy meat. The caparhenia was fab too.  $50 for 2 people including cocktails and an appetizer?  Oh yes!  Great servers too. Definitely going back.  Hidden gem!
"Where is Cape Verde? It's an archipelago in the North Atlantic Sea, off the northwest coast Africa. Such a location explains the abundant seafood options, and you can find Cape Verde's colonialization by Portugal reflected in dishes such as their arroz marcisco (a mushier derivative of a type of paella) and the traditional dish of katchupada (featuring linguica, Portuguese sausage).

With 12 people at the table, I was able to get a bite here and there of various dishes, which were all tasty and plentiful (BTW to my co-diners: I'm not a total pig, just committed to the integrity of my research). The squid appetizer was very tender and not at all rubbery, with a light acidic ceviche-like quality. Next to me, some folks got the crispy quail, which a frequent diner of Cesaria claims is ""the best thing on the menu.""  Unfortunately, I let my shame get the best of me and declined to assault the remaining pieces. 

My entree was shrimps in a buttery, white wine sauce, accented by a hint of pepper kick. The shrimps were quite large and perfectly cooked (again not too rubbery), as were the potatoes and rice...but I have to say the simple-starch carb overload + butter was a bit heavy. Next time, I would have chosen the version w/ veggies to balance it out.

The aforementioned arroz marcisco (seafood rice casserole) was good, although a tad fishy tasting and raw. The rice was on the mushy, rather than fluffy side. Which can be good, if you're into a saucier rice. One of the best parts of the meal, though was one of their traditional dishes - the Katpucha platter. It featured refried katchupada, which is a traditional stew made up of hominy (basically dried corn kernels), pork, beans, and kale...this is then topped with fried eggs over esay and linguica sausage. When I get traditional meals, I want this stuff - the food that tastes like it came out of someone's grandmother's kitchen. I was reminded of a cross between a hash and the traditional Filipino breakfast of 'silogs (fried rice, eggs, and meat). As you can imagine, it's very hearty and has a flavor that's hard to describe....you get the sense that this stew was simmering on the stove for a loooong time. Yum.

Let me say that for the food, friendly servers, clean and spacious building, nice big parking lot, and AMAZINGLY cheap prices (you could easily eat under $15 and every entree is enormous, so it's really two meals in one), I would have given Cesaria 5 stars. But we had a hell of a time w/ the SUPER slow service. Granted, we were a group of 12, but we had a reservation so they should've been able to accommodate. DUDE, we waited 1.5 hours for our food and experienced a couple of snafus like failing to mention to me that the original dish I ordered was out for the night and completely forgetting to put in the order of one of the women at our table. I don't usually knock down for service a whole star, but that was a bit much. Hopefully you will have better luck b/c the food is pretty darn good and cheap. One of those out-of-the-way finds."
"From drinks to foo and service all was really amazing. 
I don't know why it took me so long to come here. Strongly recommend and will be back with family and friends for sure!"
I have been here a few times. Prices are great, food is terrific, service is slow. It might be a Cape Verde thing. Sit back and relax I guess? The live music Thrusday thru Sunday is amazing as well. Pies are actually made by the owners grand ma!
"I absolutely LOVE this place
Cape Verdean food is de-li-cious!!!"
Food is good. First time trying cape verde cuisine. Taste is like a home cooked meal and ambiance is nice inside. I also had their pudin leite which is like a flan with a caramel/ lime finish (very tasty and light) They have karaoke on Thursdays and often invite comedians, musicians and other cape verde artists
This is a nice restaurant with an amazing live band playing while you eat. The staff is very polite and professional. I feel like I waited a little too long for my food, but it still tasted great in the end. I'd recommend this place to anyone that likes to eat out, especially with a live band. I'm not sure if I'd recommend it if you're on a first or second date. You'll barely hear the other person over the music. I'm sure that they don't play all the time though. I went on a Wednesday night. There's a lot of choices on the menu too. I don't really have any complaints, except I just wish that this place was in a nicer part of town.
This restaurant has a great atmosphere and if you want a great variety of Capeverdian dishes this is a great place to go. Only criticism I have when I went is making the service quicker while maintaining the current quality. This is update last time I went the service was a lot quicker maybe they are making changes
"Delish food- my first time experiencing this place. I was hoping to find a hole in the wall place with good food- I found much more. 

The drinks are real here- 
Try the Caju Mojitos - very tasty and stiff. 

The food came out timely- hot and full of flavor. the waitress was patient and nice with me as I was a first timer looking through the menu. 

Beside the fruit flies (if u noticed) this place I will most definitely revisit."
"My rating says it all. Just your run-of-the-mill Cape Verdean restaurant. This pales in comparison to the food I had in Cape Verde. Wherever that is. Is that a country?

But seriously. This restaurant had a lot of flaws, in both food and service, but it was not bad. The prices were low enough that I don't have any major complaints."
The staff are very patient and nice. I'm always treated very well. They're friendly and kind and food is awesome with great portions. However, the wait time is insane!especially when ordering to go. Every time I call in they tell half in hour I've learned to go later and I always still have to wait an extra 20-30 min. Time management is awful here and no one apologizes. I continue to support them tho and they good is great ‍
"Heck to the yeah, yeah, yeah... This food literally melted in our mouth! 
I had the Cajun salmon with rice and mixed veggies. The outside of the salmon was encrusted with Cajun spices with an amazing crunch and the inside was tender, juicy and delectable. The rice was magnificently topped off with an olive which gave the rice a burst of flavor. The veggies tasted like they came straight from the garden and steamed just long enough to still maintain a bit of a crunch. 
Nani's baby had the Cajun shrimp penne pasta. It had tons, maybe 10 or more, juicy, extra large shrimp. She forgot where she was and started licking her fingers, which I don't condone, but in this case....
Enough said about the food! 
The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated.  It also appears to be a go to spot for local police as there were many eating at neighboring tables. I found great parking right in the front however, they also have a parking lot in the rear of the restaurant.  So all in all we enjoyed every morsel that we ate and still had leftovers! 

The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the wait time between ordering and actually being served. Our spicy chicken wing appetizer was phenomenal, but it took almost 30 minutes to get to us. I get that there's a wait for greatness, but daaaaamn... Really?! Got there about 7 and left after 9. 

I'll be back though, fr fr ... Although short staffed and long wait times, the servers were friendly and made great recommendations!"
"the food 5 stars
the staff 5 stars though they should have someone stay station at the door cause a few times i seen folks walk away to maybe come back later cause staff was in the kitchen they do get a lot of takeout orders however for 1st timers  they will not know. 

 here is the thing folks this is not macdonalds good food takes time so when you come eat some bread it is so good  it is fresh and warm...  order your drinks.... i rather wait for good food then take your chances with some of these 5.99 chinese plates, 3.00 a slice pizza shops that are dirty inside, or fast food places that never seem to be clean in our community .... also the owners and their families eat here you can't say the same for the chinese spots in our community  or  for the ceos of these fast food cancer joints like burger king mcd etc etc ...  this place proves we can have quality owned places in our community that is affordable ... why waste money going downtown to get robbed when you can go here.. free parking, friendly staff and clean bathrooms with hot water TO WASH YOUR HANDS 
  another thing you do not see at fast food places in the community .... but what i love the most is having quality food for a good price.... proving you should not have to spend a lot to enjoy quality cooking"
Refried  katchupa was not as good as regular katchupa. Bummed that they were unable to fill my order of fried quails because they ran out of quails. Server was nice but you will be waiting awhile to receive your order.
I went to this restaurant 5 years ago enjoyed it, so I returned again this past weekend.  The service was good and I enjoyed the ambiance.  We dined in and didn't wait very long for the food, which tasted great, filling, and priced very well!  Because of this place, I am now a huge fan of Cape Verdean food and would like to visit the island soon.  I'm surprised this place isn't more popular, but I'm not complaining about that!
Best food from Cabo Verde and the mixed drinks are great. Check out the Sunday brunch and the live music was great. Relaxing time.
I was recommended this place by an uber driver so I came here with my friend and it was great! The bread was nice and warm and the servings were very generous. The only thing that wasn't amazing was the slow service. I think they may have been understaffed that day though, but we waited a long time for everything.
Food here is good. I think he noise level is above average especially on Sunday after church brunch. The live music and energetic atmosphere makes up for it though.
I'm really glad I made the executive decision to get out of JP and check out Cesaria. A surprisingly pleasant room to enjoy insanely well priced Cape Verdean food. My shrimp dish w/ rice and veggies was huge, good sized shrimp, I had a substantial doggy bag for lunch. The drinks were interesting, we had nice service, only thing I wasn't totally down with was the app but maybe I just wasn't in a starchy yucca type mood that night. $15 for shrimp and $11 for chicken, can't beat that. Wish i hadn't deleted the photo of my dinner, it would definitely entice you to go.
The polvo grelhado is delicious.  The music is great. Get ready to wait a little if you head there on a Sunday. The place does get packed.
This place was really awesome. Great Food, live music. An obvious neighborhood staple. We were under-dressed though.
This is a solid place. I was yelping  to find a decent ethnic food restaurant. Well this is it.  Great service clean nice food street prices. Will be coming back. The lunch buffet is really good. For the value it's spot on.
"Great place to eat Cape verdian food, amazing customer service, live music where you can listen to morna and enjoy Your meal.
Cesaria restaurant"
The food is goood. I ordered a grilled chicken, with two eggs, rice and beans, and French fries. The chicken has that slightly grilled flavor and tasted great and it drizzled in a bit of sauce that tasted of tomatoes which I sure as a dipping sauce for fries and it was very good. The rice and beans were good as well and the eggs went really well with the rice and chicken. I also ordered the fried yucca, this was ok, wish the yucca had been fried a bit more so it was crunchier. The sauce it came with was lemony which I find could be swapped with a chipotle mayo sauce that would compliment the yucca. I will order here again. However, be advised that I came on a Tuesday night at 9pm, waited about 35 min for the food which took quite a while even though the restaurant only had two patrons waiting on food before us. Call ahead, this might be able to help!
I'm rating this place as OK mainly because of the service, which is extremely slow.  I've been here many times because the food is very good and reasonably price but OMG don't come here if you are extremely hungry and want to place your order fast.  To clarify, no one has been rude or extremely unpleasant, I just prefer that the service is on point.  If this place had that, I would be a frequent diner.
This is definitely one of the hardest reviews to write... The Food? Absolutely delicious. Some of the best steak tips I have ever tasted. Amazing quality and taste. The Service? On par with some of the worse I have ever had. Some are alright yet over worked so you can tell they are not forgetting you they are just busy with everything else and others seem as if they do not care, do not want to be there and do not realize that the better they serve the more money they potentially could be getting. The bar none is the worse take out experience anywhere. I have waited for almost a hour at a time for ONE dinner plate. Thinking I would get the better of them I ordered and went to pick up 45 minutes later after being quoted 20 minutes. I got there and still waited another 30 minutes! Why do I keep going back? The food really is THAT good. If only the service matched, this place would be untouchable!
"We went to Cesaria on Sunday for brunch.  The place is super-lively, had nice creole music, and the decor is cute.We were hoping to try more from the a la carte menu, but we were told that the kitchen didn't have the capacity to accomodate our requests until after 1:00PM, so we took advantage of the brunch buffet.  The selection was a bit limited and I was hoping for more cape verdean- inspired brunch dishes.  The range included potatoes/beans, french toast, paella-type seafood rice, sausage, 3 styles of eggs, bacon and a nice array of fresh fruit.
When we were told our a la carte orders had been put in, we had to wait about 45 min for them.  The seafood dish we ordered, which was made with bell peppers and vinegar, was very nice. I would come back to try their a la carte menu.
When we asked for the check, it took approx 30 min and we had to ask three times for it (different people).  The energy in the place was great and the waitstaff was apologetic.  I would have given 4 stars if the service has been more prompt and if there had been more flexibility around the a la carte orders."
"Came here for my graduation dinner. The school, while I didn't expect them to have much of a spread laid out anyway, provided no food for the grads and their families so by the time we finally got where we were going which was 4 hours after the ceremony had ended, we both were hangry. Luckily Cesaria took care of that. Each of us had the BBQ chicken with the rice and french fries. I barely remember how it tasted due to inhaling it practically but the bit of memory that is there says it was awesome sauce. 

They have live music on the weekends and I think there was a band there that night. Next time, I think I'll  go with something more authentic such as the national dish, catchupinha."
Simply amaazing!!!! The staff is always nice and pleasant, and the smoothies are delicious!!! My favorite dish is Bife Moçambique. You HAVE to try it!!
I came for the lunch buffet after hearing recommendation from a friend. I was interested to try Cape Verdien food. The restaurant interior is well accommodated for small or large groups. When we went, it was empty. We had a small baby (7 months) with us). They were gracious and brought a highchair right away and asked if we needed anything. The staff is great. I wasn't crazy about the food but can't really be a judge of the quality. I am not a meat eater and most of the dishes have some sort of meat, chicken or fish. My friend said the sausages were delicious. I would recommend but let it be known that the buffet mostly consists of non-vegetarian options.
"Cape Verdean food? Now that's different.

And here it was pretty awesome. The octopus, especially, had some crazy exotic spices in it. Quite unusual and quite fantastic.

But what kills it?

Service that is so slow it makes it almost not worth it. I mean, it took 20 minutes to even get the waitresses attention and the restaurant was empty. It took 20 minutes to get the check. Whoah."
"Unpretentious. Authentic. Reasonably priced. Great service. Delicious food. One of my favorite restaurants in Boston. 

Seafood appetizers are not skimpy. You order octopus, you get octopus, not a plate of potatoes that were once stored near the octopus in the fridge (cough cough Barcelona). Everything tastes fresh. 

The best entree is the steak tips mocambique. 11/10. 

Cocktails are done well, no syrups or mixes. 

Great lighting - major key."
If you want a sit down restaurant that serves Cape Verdean traditional dishes and Portuguese food, this is a good spot. Not always on top of their game in the kitchen so sometimes the food is not prepared well, but they have good drinks and a events happening often.
I love this place.  The food is amazing.  My favorite is I THINK called chicken franga.  It's basically blackened chicken, and it's so good.  The steak tips are good too though.  The people who run this place obviously buy quality ingredients and know what they're doing with them. I just discovered Cesaria, and I've already been back several times.
"The food and drinks are great but service takes a long time. If it wasn't for that I'd give it 5 stars. 

As a Cape Verdean I take pride in what Cesaria's has become and in knowing that we have a place to gather that supports our community. I usually go there on Thursday nights to catch up with friends. The staff and management are outstanding."
We went for Sunday Brunch. We were very impressed with the place itself  and then came the food. Everything was delicious, from the paella like rice to the fruit which was a real treat because it was not your regular fruit fair. They serve mango, pineapple and watermelon galore...it was as if I died and went to heaven. Will be going back to this place for sure.
"I've driven by here a number of times and never found time to stop in. I finally did one Friday and thank God I did. It was totally worth the experience. The food was tasty. I got the fried yuca appetizer and then the grilled octopus. I had to force myself to stop eating because I was definitely full but it was just so good. Drinks are great too. I will admit that the service is a teensy bit ""relaxed"" but between the fact that our waitress was super sweet and the music playing I didn't mind waiting a bit. I think that's the general air of the restaurant. I will definitely be going back."
"I'm usually a fan of African fusion food.  Cape Verdean food is just that.  Food is most reminiscent of African, Portuguese and Caribbean dishes.  Fried quail is a must have!

I had the stewed beef dish, which came with tons of rice and fries.  Food was very tasty but noticeably heavy.  I assume the rice was made with some form of lard.  But hey, it was tasty.

I had the passionfruit mousse for dessert.  It tasted a bit stale.  I'm pretty sure it wasn't made on the premises.  

Service was very friendly and I was happy to have tried this place because it's been on my radar for a while."
The food here is definitely authentic which is a huge asset to any ethnic dining experience, however, there are a few things that perhaps might prevent me from going back. I went during the day for lunch which is not their busy time as their main function is as an upscale latin nightclub. Live music is very fun and I'm a huge fan, however, it seems like it would attract more of a middle aged crowd maybe I'm wrong. The service was really good, although we were the only ones there. We started with the squid appetizer which rocked. The main courses were a bit disappointing which was a bummer because I was taking my friend there for his birthday and I really wanted it to be good. I got the shrimp Mocambique which was excellent only because the sauce consisted of mainly butter which makes anything good but it left me a little grossed out. My friend got the seafood rice casserole which was REALLY bad. It came out completely cold and we sent it back to be heated up and it came back to us completely cold again. After giving up on the warm up he just started eating his cold seafood dish only to find out that it was riddled with small ground up shell particles giving it a cold sandy texture. It was sadly inedible. The waitress was a sweetheart though.
Me wife and kids had a very pleasant experience and hope to come back ASAP...
"Every once in a while you find a place that you just don't want to tell others about. You want it to be your little secret so that the next time (and the countless times after that) you go to this restaurant there will always be a table waiting for you. Last night we had dinner at Restaurante Cesaria and it was one of the best meals out I've had in a very long time.

Abby had a hankering for something different and cheap (so we were looking for a place outside of Boston) and after a long time on her laptop browsing yelp and urbanspoon, she finally settled onto Restaurante Cesaria. We quickly glanced at the menu and both started drooling. Sure we didn't know much about the cuisine (North African with hints of Portuguese) but the descriptions had us salivating.

A short 10 minute drive from South End to Dorchester had us in front of the restaurant with plenty of street parking available. Walking by the large windows we could see there were only a couple of tables already taken and the rest of the restaurant empty. This didn't make us feel hesitant at all.

We were seated in the booth and the first thing you notice about the menu (both drinks and food) are the prices and how low they are. Since I was driving, we just got the $7 half bottle of Borba, a Portuguese red. We also got the linguica appetizer to start.

The wine was a nice sweet, wet red and had great flavor for such a cheap bottle. The linguisa was split in half and grilled with some tomatoes and laid on top of some greens and peppers. I love linguisa and this was dish was simple, yet perfect. The heat of the linquisa and the juiciness of the grilled tomatoes just worked. A great start.

For our mains, Abby went with a sear beef dish that had shrimp and mussels as well. It had a tomato influenced broth and was absolutely fantastic. (Abby called it the best dish of 2010 so far.) I went with the Cape Verdean style roast chicken with fries and it also was perfect. The chicken looked like it was going to be dry, but was juicy and tender and seasoned nicely. The fries were good fries, nothing more. The rice was moist and had good flavor too. You can just imagine yourself eating this chicken on a beach in Cape Verde with sand in your toes. (I'm assuming Cape Verde has beaches and sand, but I really don't know. The video they were showing on the projector screen showed nice green islands.) This dish is a great entry dish, meaning it was so good I want to try other items on the menu know.

We were too stuffed for dessert, though will try the flan next time we come back. I love the fact that we were the only diners who spoke English. Everyone else was speaking another language and enjoying their meals. You sometimes have to put your faith into a place to show off their culture and food and Restaurante Cesario does it as good as any other place. I give Restaurante Cesario a 4 1/2 out of 5."
Loved the dark dark dark dark chocolate. Its called like that and its not an exaggeration.
Food was excellent. We had the quail,  Amor (some seafood dish with octopus and steak inside mashed potato (it was perfect), and some rice dish. (So good) Everything was amazing. The waitress apologized for the wait but we didn't even notice the time,  too engaged in conversation. The band was loud so if you want to talk,  do what we did and sit away from the band.
"Sometimes you *don't* want to go where everyone knows your name.  Sometimes you just want a wait staff that is friendly and as warm as the foods that they prepare so well and serve in a loving manner.  

Hublovely and I went here for Valentine's Day and we are so glad that we did.  They had a live band which was preparing to play that evening which appears to be a common occurrance at this chicly designed large one-room Cape Verdean restaurant in Dorchester.  
They did not have a prix fixe menu (read:  not robbing you blind just because it's a holiday) and the place was not crowded at all.  

While the service was a little bit slow, the servers were kind and knowledgable about the menu.  I recommend the lamb stew!

This would be a great place to try if you live in Dorchester or close by, especially on a weeknight when you don't want to wait to get a seat at a pub.  If you've never tried Cape Verdean foods, I expect that if you like rice and spiced meats and vegetables, you will not be disappointed.  

The take-out business seemed to be alive and well the evening that we were there, so there is an alternate option to consider, as well."
"A friend has been wanting to take for me here for sometime. When we arrived we were one of the first people in the restaurant. We were seated promptly by the host, she was pleasant, so was our server.

Few fellow Yelpers commented on the ""slow"" service, I found this to be true once seated. However, I think it's cultural. The lay-back island mentality (go ahead, sit, drink, eat, and drink some more). :) The restaurant seems to be set up that way, the lighting, and art on the walls, etc. I don't fault the place for the so called ""slow"" service. I get it. Everyone we interacted with were polite, and respectful.

Service gets 4 stars.

We ordered ""Camarao na Guerra"" as our appetizer, grilled Shrimp, octopus and mussels served with the ""molho verde"" (a blend of olive oil, vinegar, onion, parsley, garlic). The grilled octopus was very good, sweet, and cooked just right, but the shrimp was overcooked and rubbery, the mussels were also overcooked, and chewy. The ""molho verde"" complimented the octopus well.

I attempted to order my entree twice, but both times the waiter returned and reported the chef doesn't prepare those dishes. He stated the executive chef is on vacation this week, and the part-time chef only prepares certain dishes. I asked what does she cook, he replied, ""...beef or chicken."" I could not contain my laugh. The dishes I tried to order were a goat dish, and a seafood dish. Finally, I was able to order the chicken dish, ""Frango Churrasco,"" zesty Cape Verdean style grilled half chicken served with rice and fries. Not what I really wanted, but my options were extremely limited. The chicken was dry and bland, the best thing on my dish was the fries. I know!

My friend ordered the ""Bife Mocambique,"" pan seared beef, shrimp and mussels served with two eggs, rice and sliced fried potatoes in a spicy Mocambique style sauce. The beef was dry without much flavor. Again, the shrimp was overcooked, I didn't even want the mussels. The entire dish was unremarkable.

The food for this visit receives 3 stars. :(

I plan to give this place another shot in the distant future, and make sure to call ahead when the executive chef is not on vacation."
"If you've never had Cape Verdean food, then this is the perfect place to start. 

I first came here when I moved to Boston and ever since this is one of the places I can never complain about. The food does take a while to get to your table, but it always tastes good and the setting is beautiful, clean, and complimented with live Cape Verdean music and friendly service. 

I brought friends from different backgrounds to this restaurant for a first time experience of Cape Verdean cuisine, and they all fell in love. The food is well seasoned, not too spicy, not bland, just perfectly seasoned to be rich in flavor. 

I recommend the Arroz Marisco (for seafood lovers), Catchupa or Catchupa refogadu (if you want a purely cape verdean dish), its rich blend of hominy corn and meats (a stew that's very tasty and everyone's favorite). 

The wine selection is great. I recommend Casal Garcia during your meal, and afterwords with or without desert get Moscato!! 

For beer: Super Bock or the cape verdean beer: Strela...although Super Bock is all time favorite in Cape Verde and US. 

The music is great, and one thing about this place, is that the owners are ALWAYS there..if you ever feel like talking to them, they are the most friendliest people you can meet. They take their restaurant very seriously and work hard to make it #1..that's why you never hear a bad thing about this place, because it is a restaurant that goes above and beyond to give you the best food and experience overall. 

Take a visit! you will fall in love!"
"""I LOVE CAPE VERDEAN food"", I proclaim, after my first visit! Wow!

I've seen this place forever, as it sits directly next door to neighborhood favorite breakfast place, Ashley's.  I often looked at it, as it is so pretty from the outside (stands out on the block), and wondered what type of food they served. 

A friend took me to lunch today, as she was craving Cape Verdean food. When I told her that I hadn't had it before that I could recall, she swore I'd love the food at this place.

She was RIGHT! Everything was delicious, even the very American chicken fingers (BEST I've EVER eaten). Beef was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and I don't know what they do to their rice, but goodness, it's heavenly.

I can't wait to return and try different dishes!"
Ceseria!! One of my favorite spots in Boston! I love their food so much that I had to hire them for my wedding. The owner is great! He is polite and work with us with any concerns that we had. Now the food, the food is superb! It's well seasoned and the portion is perfect. My only issue is the waiting time, it could be a pain sometimes but after that I am always pleased with their food
"Ok- it's true- it is freaking LOUD IN THERE WHEN THE BAND IS PLAYING.

I texted with my date to communicate across the table- no lie.  
However- get over it. You are not there to talk. You are there to eat and listen. You will like your food. 

Every Fri/ Sat/ Sun you will be grateful for the FREE live, beautifully executed music and song that the restaurant's namesake, Cesaria Evora, would have approved of.
(If you do not recognize that name do not read the rest of this review; go directly to ITunes or Windows media or soundcloud and download any of her work. Do it now.)

Ok. Back at the ranch you will eat something delicious. I do not like mussels so cannot attest to the Mozambique but it looked great. I can say I brought home the rest of my, Ka-- hmm. not Kapusta (Polish). Very Jambalaya-ish hominy and pork w/ greens and linguica yumminess. Delish.

Also the Chicken. Yum.

And as I mentioned in my Tip- they serve Hot Rolls/ Cold Beer. Love it.

Service- charming, friendly, efficient.

Vibe wise- we came straight from work and wished we'd had time to get our date clothes on- most ladies were Done Up. (Of course, this is a cape verdean joint w/ heavy portuguese influence and most of those ladies probably look that good all day everyday so I'm not really a contender.)

ok- restrooms? Meh. Servicios. Clean enough. Utilitarian probably covers it."
This is my favorite spot for family events and celebrations. Sunday's are especially enjoyable for brunch with live music of Caboverdi...
Love this place! Been here twice and have yet to disappoint. Their food is seasoned to perfection and their portion size and price are more than reasonable compared to many restaurants. On this trip we got the Cajun shrimp pasta and the Amore Mar. Both entrees were bomb. They are generous with the shrimp on the pasta which I loved, and for the amore mar we were in for a surprise with the way the food was set up. The steak tips and the octopus were a good compliment in this dish. Definitely a place to come for any ocasión
"I've only been here once, but this place is a real delight--and worth visiting even if you don't have other reason to be in Dorchester.

I work in the area (unfortunately, there are few dining options here), and a colleague from out-of-town was in Boston and wanted to grab lunch.  I told her that we'd have to stick around the area where I worked (seeing as I had a short lunch break) but that this place had gotten good reviews on Yelp so we might as well try it.  Excellent experience!  My two companions, despite their uncertainty about the area, were entirely comfortable at the restaurant. 

The waitress was lovely and very kind in explaining items on the menu.  The free bread was great, and the entrees we ordered were all excellent.  Service was quick, and the prices were more than reasonable.

Would very much like to check out the evening entertainment and drinks here--just have to convince my friends to come out in this area after dark."
I have been to this restaurant many times. The food is always excellent. The service is very good and the staff are real friendly.  I love it!
Absolutely brilliant restaurant! My spouse and I came here for the lunch buffet on a Saturday. We thoroughly enjoyed the food, the wine, the decor, and the laid-back, welcoming vibes- it was a real find! If you've never tried Cape Verdean food, come to Cesaria and enjoy!
Don't come here if you're in a rush!  But the food and drinks are great.  You can hear some nice music and meet some nice people here.  Expect to be there for 2 hours Thursday-Saturday if you come for dinner.  The drinks are strong enough for you to pass the time.
"I have dined at Cesaria many times - for an intimate dinner; with a large group of friends and for large functions and everything in between.  First let me say that, being married to a Cape Verdean man, eating out for Cape Verdean food is not very common, especially when you have your mother, grandmother, wife, etc. who can throw down with the cuisine at home.  However, when we do go out for it, this is the closest thing (dare I say just as good) as sitting for dinner at family's house.  It is well appointed and if you come when they have live music, it is always lovely.  We have been there when friends of ours have played and when we have not known the artist and never have we had a dud.  Yes, the service is slow but this is not the place to go to for a quick meal on the go.  And really, this is indicative of the culture - you don't rush your vovo either when she is cooking in the kitchen - it is just one of those things.  However, the value is AMAZING and the food is delicious.  The owners, one of which is usually there to greet customers, are very friendly and pleasant.  One day, we were craving this after a late-evening meeting on a Thursday.  We got there at 5 minutes to 10pm, thinking they were open until 11 but, alas, they close at 10pm on Thursdays.  We were resigned to ordering our food to go when we saw they were closing with only a spattering of customers but one of the owners insisted that we sit and eat.  He said ""don't worry - we will be here for a while even though we are closing - sit, eat!""  We graciously accepted the opportunity to take a load off and eat what we had been craving all day - we had an awesome meal with great service and great conversation with the staff and owner.  For me, this was the height of great customer service.  When you go the extra mile for a customer, they will be one forever.  Even with the slower service, they have our heart."
This spot is has the ALL TIME BEST WINGS IN AMERICA.   My friends said the hot sauce with green peppers and onions are absolutely delicious!!!  FoodNetwork should stop by. Authentic Cape Verdean food. The drinks are marvelous. Thought I was back in Rio!!  Caipirinha is like Rio de Janeiro, try the Hennessy Smash!!!  Been here for 4 hours. Hospitality was GREAT!!!
This place was delightful! Delicious Cape Verde food--exciting flavors and new tastes! The prices are also very reasonable, and they have music and dancing some nights. On crowded nights parking can be a bit tricky, but I prefer the slower nights anyway. I've heard they have a great Sunday brunch as well... I want to check it out!
The food, service, and overall ambiance here is EXCELLENT! You will not regret coming here. The steak tips and rice and beans are exquisite as is the grilled half chicken. Everything is cooked up fresh when you order. Also, the prices are reasonable! You will leave feeling like you left the country for an exotic meal, but just had a delicious meal right in your backyard. Finally, the service is great. Takeout or dine-in, the people here are very friendly and accommodating. This is how a business should be run.
"Fantastic ambience 
Fabulous customer Service
owners are extremely welcoming!!! 
Delicious Food and drinks 
Highly highly recommend this place"
"Three of us enjoying wonderful meals.

I had the Arroz de Marinesca a fried rice with mixed seafood, my wife had the Katchupa Refugada* Refried Katchupa with two eggs and linguica and our friend had chicken Alfredo. All three were freshly cooked and tasted wonderful.

Prices are very reasonable at around $15 a plate and the portions were very generous.

The atmosphere was a bit loud, but comfortable as in a home family dinner. The is live music if you check the website, you will find more information."
Love love love their food!! I only tried two plates and they're both great. I used to go to Laura's, this place is definitely better!! From the waiting time, to the food. Only thing is that I wish they have flan   They never do when I ask.
I had the Steak Mozambique. My friend is related to one of the owners. I said I wanted Cape Verde food. I can't wait to go back. Dope. Muito bom.
"I've never had Cape Verdean food so I was excited to try this restaurant with some friends who suggested it. We arrived here after a hike... hungry and eager. 

Atmosphere: It's a sit-down, family style place with a friendly atmosphere. We saw many guests dressed up and enjoying themselves which was great to see. The staff seemed really nice as well.

Food: As a vegetarian, I do not believe the buffet would have been worth it for me in any way. Even the menu itself really had 2 vegetarian options. One was a vegetarian pasta, and the second was a vegetarian rice. The server recommended the rice, so I went for it and was pleased. The taste was nice overall, and the portions were quite huge, I must say. The only thing I would recommend in terms of the food is to have less olives as it was a little overpowering in flavour. Perhaps this is a popular ingredient in Cape Verdean cuisine.

Misc: In all honesty, while you may get seated right away, the wait is pretty significant for food, and the bill too. They try to lessen the impact of this by providing you rolls and butter while you wait for food. I accept this offering of warm and soft bread with a smile."
folks this is quality food if you want fast food go to McDonald's or a local Chinese spot but if you youtube what is going on at those places you probably safer eating out of a trash can. the reason why this place is so busy it is clean the place will be empty but they probably have 50 takeout orders at once....  as far as the servers I always had the best and friendly .... what i think is the problem is you want authentic quality food at super speed good luck.  i have eaten at this places for years never been sick or had an issue can not say the same for other places with brown lettuce, moldy food etc yeah I will wait for a safe clean tasty meal than a trip to the er lol ... funny folks will wear $1000 worth the name brand clothes after spending 6 hours at the mall but will eat crap then wonder why they have health issues lol .... for folks who care about quality, clean, and healthy food hands down this is for you if you are coming in a big group make reservations the day before... during the day they have a lunch buffet if you want quick but at night for dates, time catching up with family, or couples night out this by far is the newbury street quality food heck i would say better without the high end prices
This is my favorite restaurant in Boston! The food is amazing , staff is welcoming , and the drinks are delicious. My friends and I eat here weekly and they have a lunch buffet with a great selection. The service can be a little slow at times but it's typical CV experience. On a positive note, you never feel like you're being rushed out of the restaurant like many other places. If you're looking for a place that has great food and atmosphere then I would highly recommend going there.
I think this place is a combination of two names, but either way it's the food is Super nothing like it anywhere. The Katchupa is amazing and the customer service is great. I can't wait till I get to go back again.
"Went here on a Saturday afternoon for a late brunch with my husband . It was quite busy and loud because the band was preparing for their performance at night . As we arrived, we were greeted and was seated near the entrance at the booth. The waitress came and filled our glasses with iced cold water and then brought out some bread and butter. Then later she took our order. We wasn't sure what to order so we asked the waitress what she recommended. I guess seafood was definitely a hit there but It's not for me.

So I went with the Katchupa- very traditional dish in their country. My husband ordered the steak with shrimps , mussels and potatoes with rice (I don't know what it was called on their menu, sorry) . Our appetizer (I don't know the name again bc she recommended it!) was just basically grilled shrimps with chopped onions, green peppers, olives, garlic and vinegar. The sauce itself was pretty tasty. The Katchupa however.. Was not really tasty. It was pretty salty. I mean.. I did liked it for the first few bites, but then I felt like it was a bit too thick and ""boring"" it kinda remind me of the chicken pot pie stuffing but with a variety of stuff in there such as sausages, pork fat, collard greens , beans, carrots , potatoes all mix (see photo below). It got me really thirsty . My husband dish was pretty good, we really liked their rice and the tangy sauce that was in the dish. For some reason, after our food came out, we didn't even see our waitress after nor did she asked us how was our food. On top of that, they stopped refilling our waters. I could've sworn they were really on top of going table to table and filling them but everyone just stop carrying the pitcher around.

Overall, the service was bleh, and the food was ok. I will consider going back and trying a different dish in the near future."
Growing up Portuguese, Cesaria's has many dishes on their menu that my grandmother used to make. The Cape Verdean and Portuguese cuisines are very similar so when my Cape Verdean friend asked if I wanted to eat here I was excited! We got a variety of appetizers and everything was super flavorful. The Polvo and steak bites were delicious. I've been itching to go back. Sometimes (I think Friday's and Saturday's) they even have live music which gives a fun vibe.
Great food! Ordered take out and it came out nice (big portions)!! Steak bites and Cajun pasta were fab. Arroz de Marisco was ok but too much imitation crab
"cesaria is a place to go when you are in the mood to relax, stay awhile, and order $15 bottles of non crappy wine and fun cocktails. the waitress is helpful, friendly, but doesn't show up for 20 minutes at a time so don't be in a rush. usually there is music on the weekends, but for some reason the band wasn't there when we went. no worries- two guests/friends/employees got up and sang/played the guitar for us. it's a jovial atmosphere of people having a great time (although the restaurant was barely 1/3 full on a saturday night... sad face)

what will 2 bottles of wine, 2 appetizers, 4 entrees, 1 glass of port, 1 dessert cost at Cesaria?
$103.

pretty incredible if you ask me (ASK ME!)

for food we ordered:
 for appetizers: linguiça (delicious spicy sausage), mandioca frita (fried yucca with honey mustard dipping sauce- also delish)

entrees:
bife mocambique - beef, shrimp and mussels with rice, fried potatoes and two eggs in a wonderfully spicy sauce. tons of food. enjoyable but hearty to the max. i think i'd try something else next time.
katchupa- hominy, beans, meat stew. this was my favorite thing people ordered.
cabritada- stewed goat, yucca and potatoes soup. 
dessert: mango mousse. the perfect ending to the meal- light and flavorful!

we all agreed we must go back to have some more food and finally get to see the band!

LOGISTICS: 
-closest T is savin hill but it's over a mile from there.
-street parking in front, parking lot in back
-working link/website for restaurant: http://www.kikilima.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=5&Itemid=6 to check out their menu and prices"
Amazing service, amazing drinks, amazing food!! This place is awesome, seriously. Also the music really sets the vibe! The picture is of single shots of Don Julio btw :)
I would prefer to give this a 3.7 but rounded that's closer to a 4 the place was nice and had a nice atmosphere although music was a bit loud but it was tolerable just a bit quiter would've been fine the food was for the most part good but staff were very slow bringing things out they were nice but slow as hell bread was pretty good the appetizer I had was very disappointing though it was their new sandwich I forgot the name but it was a beef sandwich that had massive peppers which were under cooked and a massive piece of mozzarella which was longer than the bread which was just the bread you got the beef itself was fine nothing crazy didn't take a photo of it because I don't want to remember it the entree on the other hand was very good and something that I would differently eat again it was also a new item and completely forgot the name but it was very good it featured rice shrimp squid scallops peppers and crab it looks as good as it tastes finished the whole thing
The food and drinks are excellent! Service, however, is EXTREMELY slow!!! It took an hour for our table to receive our dinner in a practically empty restaurant.
"I had my Portuguese friend who wanted to  try some ""Portuguese African"" food. I guess I was mislead as I thought it was Portuguese food, but it's more from the island of Cabo Verde (Cape Verde islands).

The interior is big. A great place to eat, drink and watch live music.

We had two appetizers - the steak bites and the linguica. Then for entrees we had the Cape Verde style chicken (Franco) and Mozambique (steak, shrimp, mussels, eggs, rice and potatoes)."
Came for a fundraiser-- beautiful surroundings, great food, and the venue is spacious! The drink menu doesn't hurt either!
The food was great as was the atmosphere. I used to live in the neighborhood and regret never trying this place until I moved. The service was pretty good. Only complaint was that they forgot to bring my drink. Would like to come back and experience the live music and the lunch buffet.
Excellent, fresh, delicious food. If you care about flavor and richness in your meal-this is your place. Staff is courteous and kind, order comes out in good time and there is an excellent drink selection. Live music on Friday and Saturday as well! A must go to restaurant! It will be worth your time and you will enjoy some authentic, AMAZING Cape Verdean cuisine.
"The Cape Verdean food is certainly unique and worth a visit, though even by my lonesome in the restaurant it took a good twenty minuted to make my katchupa, so I can understand how wait times might start to climb during busier times.

I enjoyed the katchupa - with hominy, beans, potatoes, and yuca, this is a filling stew, and what I imagine I would be eating frequently if I lived on a small series of Portuguese-owned islands off the coast of western Africa.  For $9, I would gladly put up with the slow service to try the food, though I don't know if I would do it more than once."
first time here. Loved the ambience and band. Sadly the wait time for main course was over an hour! Really need to improve on that.
"Cesaria is a great authentic Cape Verdean restaurant in Dorchester. 

I go here whenever I want cachupa refugada. It's only $9 and you will always have tons of leftovers since they give you so much. It's always cooked perfectly and leaves me full. 

I've also had their drinks and would highly recommend the house tea (hot) and their pina coladas. This is one of the few places where I always order a drink because they're so delicious. 

I've had a few of the appetizers and all are good. The shrimp is incredible and they Cvs fries are fried perfectly. 

My only gripe with cesaria is that it takes a long time to get your food and also they are often out of menu items. Everything is cooked fresh, but it's frustrating when you really want something and find out they don't have it. Also you should call ahead at least 30 minutes if you want take out. 

I come here every month or so and I plan on keeping with that tradition. The owner is great, the people are great, and the food is great."
"I have been trying to come here for a while now. I had already prepared for a very long wait (according to previous reviews). 

I was hungry and had time today! 
There is parking in the back. Thats great, because street parking is scarce. 
The place was packed, but we waited less than 10 minutes to be seated (Sunday afternoon). 
Carla was our server and she was so sweet. Very nice and warm welcome. 
 
I already knew what I wanted. 
We started with watermelon jolly rancher martini's. Sweet and tasty. Not strong at all tho.
I ordered the Camaro Mocambique, which was shrimp in a spicy white wine and lemon crushed pepper sauce, along with white rice and potato. Awesome dish! 

I ordered for my long time eating partner. He trusts my taste like that. 
Bife Mocambique -  steak tips, shrimp, mussels, two eggs and fried potato. THIS dish was the bomb. So good! The steak was tender and the flavors were poppin. What seasonings do they use?! Very flavorful! Everything was perfect about this dish! 

The live band was jumping. Tequila shots. Good conversation. An awesome time. 

Carla gave us coffee tequila shots to try and it wasnt bad at all. I cannot wait to come back.. I have to show off and bring a few friends along next time!"
The ambiance was amazing!! The service could have been better, waiting about 15 mins just to get water, and about 30 to get the check. Over all loved this place for a girls night or small date. Steak tips were delicious!!
If you are looking to try some traditional Cape Verdean dishes, this is the place to go. My first time there I only had the drinks. This time around I tried the food. Their cocktails are really good. I'll say that's their speciality. I ordered that Hennessy side car, it was perfectly balanced. For my meal, I ordered the arroz di marisco (seafood rice) Which was really tasty. My friend ordered the goat stew dish that, he also enjoyed very much. They served very generous portions and the prices are reasonable. When we went it wasn't busy so there was plenty of seating. It is also a big space with cute decor. Friendly staff that made recommendations and gave honest input. I also found out that they do daily  lunch buffet deal for $8.99/person and a Sunday brunch with live music $12. I have to visit again and try the Sunday brunch.
Went there for my cousin's memorial dinner. The staff was so accommodating and kind. Our every request was granted. The food and service were excellent. The drinks were delicious also. I told my family we need to return asap for a happier occasion.
Really fantastic experience. We went on a Friday night and were pleasantly surprised to have a live band start playing music a few minutes after we got in. Service was a little slow, but the food was fantastic and the price very reasonable, especially given the large portions. We ordered fried yucca to start (excellent) and then had the churrasco chicken and fried tuna, both of which were fantastic. The side of rice and beans were also great. A new favorite place for us.
"Rocked up without reservation and we got seated very promptly. The fascinating & innovative decorations caught my curious eyes very quickly. They have live music on the weekend! If you would like a more quiet scene then weekday would probably be your best bet. Foods are served fast (i love that) compared to the more slow speed in most latin american restaurants. Servers were wonderful! They're very attentive and actually went to find out some questions i asked about how the food came about. 

We tried the Polvo Grelhado (grilled octopus) Katchupa & Bistec Mocambique which were absolutely delicious!! Finished off a nice mango mousse cake. When you come to think of it, not being Latino, the foods would be quite heavy and fulfilling to take on, plus the huge portion as well. Thus a much lighter & delicious version of foods if you haven't try Latin foods before would easily be found in Cesaria. Alas, this would be THE PLACE to go for not only trying Cape Verde foods but also easing you in Latin foods -ish. 

It's the first time I try Caribbean foods and neddles to say Cesaria very much delivered & well represented."
We went during a weekend buffet and were able to dsmaple fried fish, Mozambique style chicken with a zesty kick and I think an Angolan style rice and Cape Verdean Kachupa but not sure. The food has a Portuguese and African flavor. Not too expensive either. For the desert the mango cake and chocolate cake were a nice finish. I will come back again.
Tried Restqurante Cesaria out for the first time via takeout. It was delicious! My first time trying Cape Verdean food and I'm so glad I did. Chicken was juicy & lemony. Really enjoyed the rice & beans with olives and potatoes. Great spices. Highly recommend!
Amazing Cape Verdean food! Ordered through Uber eats and it was actually very quick, only took 30mins (really great compared to some of their pickup wait times)! Had the Chicken Churrasco entree was good, a little dry but well seasoned. The steak tips entree was PHENOMENAL and will be sure to order those every time I go!
"Cesarias in Dorchester is ny favorite Cape Verdean restaurant in Boston. Whenever I go j enjoy my meal. Yes, I know the wait time is no joke but theh never disappoint with their food. The flavors are out of this world. The atmosphere is also great because you really bask in the Cape Verdeam culture. The prices are affordable and you do get your money's worth of food. If you have not been you should and must check it out. 

Food: 5
Customer service: 5"
"When my Peace Corp Type roommate dragged me to this restaurant in the middle of Dorchester, I admit I was a bit worried about what I was getting myself into, especially since I'm not familiar with the area and with the recent reports of death and violence the thought freaked me out a bit. After a bit of verbal chiding on her part,  realized I was being a big of a BIG BABY. In the end, the experience wasn't at all what I thought it was going to be!

Okay! I must say that I was plesantly surprised at how much I enjoyed this Cape Verdian restaurant. The dining area is a good size and easy accomodated our large party of 20. There was a live band playing Cape Verdian music while we dined. The waitress was very helpful considering the large size of the party, and when we cracked open the menu I was incredibly pleased with how affordable the meals were. Appetizers cost somewhere around $5.50 and our meal somewhere around $10-12. Delighted by the price, I decided to order the Cape Verdian ""punch"" that my roommate recommended--a mixture of rum, molasses and brown sugar which really cleared you sinues and packed a powerfully sweet punch. I recommend getting this toward the end of your meal as a dessert, starting with it sort of gave me a sugar coma without anything else in my stomach. For an appetizer, I decided to start with the Polvo Grelhado - (Grilled Octopus in a garlicky olive oil pickled carrots and onions sauce  $6.50) and the Kartuniz/Codorniz - (Deep fried succulent quails in a sherry sauce $4.50) 

Let me just say....WOW. Those two appetizers really knocked it out of the park for me. The octopus was grilled perfectly, wasn't overly chewy like octopus can be, and had a tangy citrus taste to it. Meanwhile, the Quail was the best thing I had all night--juicy, succulent, I had to resist ordering another order because these were so incredible. The sherry sauce really brought out the dark meat of the quail and gave a tangy sweetness to the meat ---my boyfriend and I savored every bite of this. I might come back to order just the quail, it was so exceptional.

Fortunately, for my meal, I got to share quite a few of the traditional dishes and can tell you what to go for, and what to stay away from. First, I recommend what I ordered, the Katchupa Refugada - (Refried Katchupa with eggs and linguia $7.50) the fried Katchupa was absolutely delicious--and reminded me of breakfast potatoes, the eggs were cooked perfectly and the sausage was fantastic--however, my meal, since it's a traditional Cape Verdian breakfast, felt a little weird to be eating at 9pm. I did get a chance to try out the Camaro a Moambique -(A saut of shrimp in a spicy white wine, lemon and crushed pepper sauce with rice and potatoes) $12.00--Very, very tasty as well as our hosts favorite dish the Arroz de Marisco - (A casserole of seafood rice and assorted shellfish, shrimp, scallops and conch)

I would, however, stay away from the Feijoada - (Beans of the day with pork and linguia served with rice) which Russ ordered. The beans were in a bitter sauce and the pork was still wrapped around the bone, also the meat was mostly fatty, making it hard to eat. He ended up eating most of my dinner since it sort of looked like they had taken a pork leg and cut it up and served it. As adventurous as my taste buds are, even I couldn't stomach it. 

However, overall, I was pleased while tasting everyones dishes and would definately come back to try more things. I might even try the untraditional dishes which also are on their menu since we went strictly Cape Verdian as to honor the distinct tastes of our host as well as the restuarants personality. This Dorchester jewel has a lot to offer. I would recommend driving there since it was a ways from public transportation and located in questionable neighborhood--there is a parking lot right next to the restaurant which we used with no trouble. Great place for groups and perfect to get your Friday Night started!"
"Honestly, I've never had Cape Verdean cuisine, but I'm most certainly happy as a hog I did. (or as my girlfriend would say, happy as a pig and shit)

Portions were great
Food was delicious, great flavor, cooked well
Menu has a lot of options, maybe too many for indecisive  humans such as myself
Drinks were tasty, but not as strong as they used to be(according to my GF) 
Service was average, the food came pretty quickly, but we didn't have very many table touches by our server"
Not a bad spot at all! I wasn't here for the music but the brunch buffet wasn't bad at all. Went with a group and everyone like the food. The shrimp was skkkkkkrrumptious!!!! Some of the food I can't pronounce but it was pretty good all around. The decor is nice, service was decent, but pretty slow being that it was on a slow day. Other thing is I would've thought the brunch would be PACKED but it wasn't at all. The waitress did come over and help us take pics so that's always good for me, even let us pose on the stage. Great host!!!
Delicious, flavorful food. I ordered steak, rice & beans and it was wonderful.
Great food, seasoned well great portions the server was attentive and helped improve the experience.
Wow.....so freaking good! Words can't explain how good this place is, but Ima try. Their meat is sooooo moist and tender. They cook the rice to perfection and the servers are all kind. I really love their fish because it's not hard or too seafood like. They cook their fish so well and it just tastes freaking good. Their lunch is like $14 with tip and tax. I definitely recommend coming here!
Great vibes inside this cozy restaurant. The wait staff was lovely and very informative about the dishes served. $10 mimosas & $9.99 all-you-can-eat buffet which is a steal. Loved this experience & would definitely be back here again.
This spot was fantastic! I had the refried Katchupa. It was flavorful and tasty. The linguiça was just as impressive. The waitress was very amiable and attentive. I will be returning soon.
Food is bomb. Anything w/ seafood will treat you right. They take forever whether you pickup or order in restaurant though
"Rocked up without reservation and we got seated very promptly. The fascinating & innovative decorations caught my curious eyes very quickly. They have live music on the weekend! If you would like a more quite scene then weekday would probably be your best bet. Foods are served quite fast (i love that) compared to the more slow speed in most latin american restaurants. Servers were wonderful! They're very attentive and actually went to find out some questions i asked about how the food came about. 

We tried the Polvo Grelhado (grilled octopus) Katchupa & Bistec Mocambique which were absolutely delicious!! Finished off a nice mango mousse cake. When you come to think of it, not being Latino, the foods would be quite heavy and fulfilling to take on, plus the huge portion as well. Thus a much lighter & delicious version of foods if you haven't try Latin foods before would easily be found in Cesaria. Alas, this would be THE PLACE to go for only trying Cape Verde foods but also easing you in Latin foods -ish. 

It's the first time I try Caribbean foods and meddles to say Cesaria very much delivered & well represented."
"You can't beat the price for $8.99 for a very tasty lunch buffet in this place. 

Nice deco with a relaxed atmosphere: dimmed lights, up beat music , beautiful artwork on the red brick wall, black fan quietly rotating above you head. They also have a little stage for night entertainment. Waitress was very friendly and helpful."
"I've just recently discovered this gem; and it's officially my new favorite restaurant in Boston. Every single dish is delicious.

I also started to get allot of takeout order from them and my to go dishes are:
-Chicken Wings - To date the best wings I've ever had
-Steak Tips Mocambique
-Frango Churrasco 
- And of course Canja"
Restaurante Cesaria is a go to spot for unique dining experience or take out for authentic Cabo Verde food. Great vegetarian and pescatarian options too!
The seafood pasta is my most favorite meal in the world! Just fair warning they run on CP time so you should plan on ordering when you have time.
"Restaurante Cesaria peeked my interest because they offer ""Traditional Cape Verdean cuisine cooked up in a colorful, casual setting with occasional live music."" (http://www.restaurantcesaria.com/)

Street parking was sparse, but we fortunately noticed a public parking lot a short walk away.

Cesaria was surprisingly roomy inside, and white table clothes dressed the tables.  Walls were painted a cheerful yellow and chandeliers, glass bottles, Christmas decoractions and mirror balls hung from the ceiling.

A small buffet is set in a corner consisting of salad, fruits, and five hot buffet stations (some single and several divided), all off menu for the most part, with the exception of the katchupa  Two of us opted to go with the buffet for $12.47 ($13.34 with tax) on a Saturday.  If one has any dining restrictions, however, it is best to order off the menu.

Not sure what happened, but it took nearly 50 minutes for our a la carte orders to arrive (though yes, we were warned it would take 20 min for the chicken dish to be cooked).  Fortunately, my DCs were happy with their meals, both the veggie garden (though we noticed that the listed spinach fettucine had mysteriously been converted into regular joe ziti) and the frango assado.

From the buffet line up that day, the ribs were my favorite.  And I found the a la carte fries much crisper than those from the buffet.  I'd be up for another meal at their buffet, but am also interested in ordering the Cabritada $12 (stewed goat) or a number of their seafood dishes if I can manage to find a non-spicy version."
The only reason why I am giving this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the wait time. The food is delicious, affordable and always makes me happy :-)
This locations chicken is juicer and better than other locations. The service is good with a welcoming hello upon entering. Nice and clean new location that's kid and family friendly.
We had lunch today and got take out a week ago. Food was very good. Staff are friendly and helpful. It's well kept and clean. Keep it up!
I love their chicken plain dipped in ketchup. And corn on the cob is my favorite side. They have good salad dressing too. This location is not super busy and the staff are friendly. a little wait time for your order but manageable. It is in a mall so parking is easy.
The guys who take the order are not friendly at all. I will never come to this location at all.the staff at Davis location are really warm and friendly.
Nando's is still my favorite fast food. I am addicted to the peri peri sauce and I always take extra small packets for home as well. The lemon chicken and breast with the side = OMG such guilty pleasure. This location was a bit far from me and the one that is close to me isn't really that close. I just wish that there were more Nando's. It was busy, therefore, ordered up front to go. It was a long wait but completely justified being a busy day and all. I just worked on my zine on the phone until my order was ready. Even though they were rushed I do appreciate the extra time and care they took into actually packing everything nicely so everything remained in tact for the travel home.
Great bbq chicken and great price for the quality and quantity. Ordered the family classic which included a whole peri peri chicken, 2 sides and garlic bread! We ordered grilled corn and they were good! Love the sauce and the fresh bbq chicken with charcoal taste. Wait is a little longer than average but worth the wait! The best $35 meal we've spent in Vancouver.
Am in love with their chicken, your never go wrong with Nando's chicken super amazing food and staff . Would recommend this place to anyone looking for great service and food .
Stopped in for dinner.  Second time at Nando's but first at this location.  The place was clean, food was prepared correctly and swiftly....and was served hot and fresh.   The staff was friendly, interaction with who I assume was the manager was great.  This location is near our new home so we will be back....recommend!
"When I realised there was a Nando's near our Airbnb, the decision was clear. I knew what we'd be having for lunch. I called in our takeaway order and shortly afterward, two of our friends headed there to pick up our order.

Most of us chose the PERi-PERi Chicken Sandwich with lettuce and tomato on a freshly baked Nando's roll or the PERi-PERi Chicken Caesar served in a whole wheat wrap. For my side, I chose coleslaw which was peppery and delicious! I liked how each takeaway box had stickers on the exterior to tell us its contents. 

Our friends, new to BC, were happy with the 40-count Snack Pack of Timbits® from earlier that day but I ordered some pastéis de nata - traditional Portuguese custard tarts. They were also quite delicious so I regret nothing."
"I've always had great chicken at this location. We like to eat in as we love to drown out plates with variety of peri peri sauce.
I'd recommend the chicken with bone in, rice, peri fries. 
Easy parking, friendly staff, self serve drink station and they even serve wine and desserts."
Reasonable prices and delicious food - what more could one ask for? I found the staff a little on the bland side, but hey I wasn't there to engage in conversation with the employees. I have a fairly restrictive diet, but found Nando's quite accommodating. It's a great place for a quick bite that's a little more substantial than fast food.
"We usually go on an annual trip to Canada during Thanksgiving.  While other people are eating turkey, we will eat poutine! 


However, while walking around the mall, we weren't craving Poutine.  But, I did see a sign for Nandos!  Sign me up!

First time I had Nandos was in Washington DC.  Ever since then, I've been looking for Peri Peri chicken anywhere I can.  I did find a pretty decent place in the LA area, but I am always still craving Nandos.  The seasoning on the chicken is great, but the different sauces is what I love about coming here.  They have a variety such as Lemon and Herb, Mild, Medium and 2 levels of Hot.  I usually get a bottle of Lemon and Herb and the first level of hot.  The rest of the family eats the chicken just the way it is.

As good as the chicken is, the sides are great, too.  One popular side is the Macho Peas, which is a smashed peas dish.  I tried it in Nandos in Washington DC and it was good, but not my favorite.  For my order this time, I just got Peri Peri Fries (which come with their awesome seasoning) and Garlic Mashed Potatoes.  As you can see, I was carb loading even though I didn't have a marathon the next day.  But, it was well worth it as both sides were awesome!    

Unfortunately, there is no Nandos in California, so I will just have to wait for the next annual Thanksgiving trip to Canada....... Which will only be our 3rd.  LOL!

Note:  You can buy the sauces online!"
"Barcelos 
Surrey,B.C.

Nando's should b shakin' in their boots...
Awesome Peri-Peri sauce...simply the best version of this African /Portuguese style of fare. 
Such clean food too!GUILT FREE GOODNESS.

You need to go...

'appy Noshin'
Brianm
Foodieatlarge.yelp.ca
Fb
Tumblr"
"This is the new location after newton exchange n its pretty convenient. 
Layout and food options is very much like Nando's but they taste way tooooooo much better. Honestly i had same order at nando's as i ordered here but the flavours n quality of food is entirely different. 
Chicken with corn n grilled vegetables on side was my order.
Omg , my mouth water even now . It was too well cooked , corn seemed fresh n nicely done, grilled vegetables were a delight. Healthy lunch after a good workout. My friend ordered chicken rice which was equally good.
I must say that the place has nice decor n well kept. 
Tip- u have to take ur drink n cutlery from the side of the counter just as it is in nando's ."
"I wasn't able to take pictures of the food because before I knew it I devoured the whole plate.

The service here is always fast and friendly. I always feel very welcomed when I come to this restraint. And what I like about this style of restaurant is that your order food like you do at any other fast food place (at front counter), but they delivery your food straight to your table instead of you standing in line to wait. Which the wait is never too long.

The dining room is very nice and opened. Me and my friends always sit in a booth. And their washrooms are very clean and smell so good!

I always get the chicken sandwich with cheese  (very peri) with peri fries and rice, and peri sauce on the side. And it was AMAZING! Even if I did have a picture it would not do it justice. I enjoy every bite and wish that I would eat their food all day, every day."
Compared to Nando's (since it's basically the same thing), it's not better. The fries here give nando's a run for their money but the sandwich isn't the same. The bun here is a lot softer, sauce tastes sweeter and not as many selections for the heat. I recommend Nando's over Barcelo's.
They got really good chicken. But if I'm looking for a Portuguese-style flame-grilled chicken Nandos would still be my first choice. Barcelos just doesn't have the in/out flavour and aroma of a Nandos chicken.
Definitely comparable to Nando's for quality. The restaurant decor and menu are almost identical, which is kind of funny. We ordered the Half Pack (2-3 people) with half a chicken in mild, 2 kebabs and 8 wings in medium. The mild was barely spicy at all, but tasted good. The medium was a nice heat. We had coleslaw and potato wedges as sides and found those to be only okay. We'll likely go there again.
It's what a Nando's should be and could be if they served fully-grown birds, kept the place clean and hired friendly staff.   Food's pretty good, kind of pricey but I don't mind paying if things are done properly.  The people who own this place obviously take pride in their product and take care to provide a quality customer experience.  I'd come back.
Amazing great food, spot on every time, portions and nice and big fries are he bomb keep it up guys!!
Dare I say the chicken here is better than Nandos?? The chicken was cooked perfectly, grilled and slightly charred outside and juicy inside. The side tangy lemon sauce tastes delicious, while the peri sauce gives a nice spicy kick if you need more. The family meal come with huge portions. The garlic Portuguese bread is the most addicting. The sides of peri fries and rice are comparable to Nandos. We visited at a off time and we were the only ones there. The inside is modern and clean and service was attentive enough. Definitely craving another visit here.
I know this is a new place that just opened up, and oh boy am I happy it did ! The chicken wrap is really delicious there. They have delivery, they're quick too. My order probably took around 8 minutes to make. I would definitely visit again.
Great food!  My wife and I are frequenters of Nando's, but Barcelos will give Nando's a run for their money!  I found the sauce here richer and more flavourful than Nando's.  The price differences are only slightly lower.  No garlic mash but they have baked!  I highly recommend you give this place a try!  We'll be coming back!
Excellent service; the chicken is tender and juicy and not slathered with sauce. Lots of flavour. The actual restaurant is clean with contemporary decor, and the service is pretty impeccable. These people pride their food and it shows. There is lots of selection too, I ordered a whole chicken for my bf and I to share and he loved it. The food is well flavoured and it's my new favourite go to for good chicken. Well done Barcelos.
I must say I was so pleasantly surprised. I assumed like I'm sure so many do that this is just like Nados. But you would be right and wrong. The Peru Peru is very similar but I like Barcelona's better. But the real difference is value. Their chickens are twice the size. I got a double meal which I thought meant leg and thigh. But it was two. With two sides for about the same as Nandos but I didn't leave hungry. I will be back because I love the flavours and now it feels like I'm getting a good value for my money.
"We initially wanted to go to Nando's but ended up checking out Barcelos flame grilled on 88Ave in Surrey.  This is their brand new and just opened location as they had closed the previous outlet behind the Canadian Tire mall a while back; welcome back!!!

The decor and menu are an identical, almost exact replica of Nando's, although more comfortable, more upscale for fast casual and definitely better layout and service.  We walked up to the counter and ordered the family pack for four which consists of a whole flame grilled chicken cut in 8 pieces and comes with two large sides ($33.50).  The chicken cooked with peri peri was amazing - fall of the bone tender; peri peri fries were great; the yellow rice was tasty and not dry.  We added a side of the grilled vegetables which were very, very delicious!  

We started with a humus appetizer which came with sliced pita breads and a bowl of garlic chick pea dip ($4.99); again very,very delicious! (Did I say how delicious it was?!) And, we also had the chicken livers appetizer ($6.99) which was cooked in lemon pepper sauce and came with a Portuguese bun to mop up the remaining sauce at the bottom of the bowl, yum yum yum!!!!
They have a vegetarian option we wanted to try so we took in the double veggie kabob plate ($12.99) which came with a generous helping of rice and salad and two large and very tasty skewers packed with grilled tofu and vegetables (onions, crunchy red and green peppers, etc).

The staff constantly came to our table to make sure all four of us dining were happy and that the food was tasty.  Needless to say, we were extremely pleased and wowed.  There was not a single morsel of food left on any of our plates; it was THAT good and most importantly FAST! 

Definitely the best flame grilled BBQ joint in Surrey; will be back! #yummy"
Okay, so their speciality is chicken and they knock this out of the park. Tender, juicy and seasoning are just right. Quite affordable especially if your group bundle together and order off the family meals section.  If you're a fan of Nando's then you should give this a whirl as you might be pleasantly surprised or even find a new favourite.
Sometimes come here 2-3 times a week, as it's a nice alternative to nandos. Literally the same menu items, probably a spice or two from the same taste, but great tasting chicken regardless. The 2 owners have been nothing short of amazing when it comes to service, hats off to them. My go to is the peri chicken wrap, with garden salad and rice, very peri :)
"Quick, friendly service and great flame grilled chicken. Easy family meals. Fresh salads, slaw and veggies too.

Restaurant is full service but you order and pay first before they bring the food."
"The chicken here is pretty good.I wouldn't say it's spectacular. Very similar style as nandos.
I would say it is a bit pricey considering the portions that you get. If you have issues with spicy food you can get their lemon chicken which I thought was better than their perry Perry sauce."
"Barcelos NorthWoods Village has exceeded our expectations and we are certainly pleased. This location has recently opened but it seems to be an already discovered & popular local gem.

This evening our group of 11 celebrating a birthday had a reservation at 6pm. Our tables were awaiting our arrival despite 3 larger groups who had been through earlier in the day.

Immediately we noticed the clean & tidy dining area. The decor is African & it has a great feel.

The menu is easy to read & there are monitors in the dining area displaying lively photos of their menu items which was helpful to our group in making our selections.

You order at the counter & pay then return to your table & your food is brought to you. The tables have tasty condiments available to sauce up you meal.

They serve primarily chicken but there are beef & vegetarian options as well. You have the option of selecting your spice preference for your chicken. 

Our table included children & we were delighted that there was a tv showing the Canucks game to entertain them while awaiting their food. I was impressed by how relatively quickly our meals arrived considering how busy the restaurant was.

Now the food... I ordered a Portuguese salad with Veri Peri chicken & asked for the dressing on the side. My meal also came with a Portuguese bun & butter.

My husband had a half chicken, yam fires & salad.

We were both delighted with our meals. Outstanding! The salad has these OUTSTANDING dried chickpeas that are seasoned with awesomeness. Yum! The dressing was good as well. The chicken perfectly seasoned.

I polled our group who all ordered different items & everyone was delighted with their meals including 2 very picky boys. A success!

The rates are reasonable. 

The service is very friendly & they take pride in providing a great experience.

There is ample free parking in the lit out front plus street parking.

This place is an asset to the north shore. 5 start well deserved."
"Gorgeous store and location. 

But can't say the same for their Peri fries, average at best.  

To be fair, I'll try their chicken one day but didn't hear clients gloating about it.  

Clean washrooms.  

Located in beautiful plaza with lots of greenery all around.  Feels good, you know?"
I had the plate #2 with grilled veggies and yam fries. The chicken and yam fries were good. The grilled veggies had huge pieces of uncooked carrots that I had to separate. Other than that service was friendly and the place itself is really nice!
This restaurant just opened in our neighbourhood. Today is my 2nd time here & 2nd time ordering the same dish. The stir fry is perfect. Both visits I ordered it medium & both times I was very happy with the food. They are consistent in their preparation, a perfect amount of heat, fresh crisp vegetables, cooked & displayed with a flair generally not seen at this price. The ambiance is up beat & the staff seem very excited to be part of this team.
The food here is so tasty.  The chicken livers are amazing! Staff are so friendly.  Excellent value for money.  We love this place.
"We call this place Fake Nando's. The menu is similar, as is the restaurant layout. If the woman who gave us such amazing service has a South African accent, like I think it was, that's Fake Nando's too. 

We had two children with us and the service was immaculate. They offered to take our order at the table, helped carry the flatware to the table, and offered tea cups for the children's water to reduce the chance of a spill. Servings were enormous--sorry I forgot to take photos. 

We had the bland offerings because of the children, so I'd prefer to go back before discussing the food. I guess this is... to be continued."
Great Chicken, Resonably priced. The restaurant layout is a bit wierd - order and pay at the counter and then they bring you the food. But service was good and the chicken and fries were great.
"Stopped for lunch. Fresh hot, perfectly flavoured and one of the most delicious meals I've had in some time. 
Clean and friendly with owners checking in on quality. This lace has it going on. You can't go wrong lunch or dinner."
"On the spur of the moment I stopped here to grab dinner after work.  I was super impressed with the friendly staff and service.  One of the servers talked a client through the entire menu explaining everything!

The chicken was even more impressive.  It was really sooo good. I would say it is better than other flamed grilled chicken I have had in the past.   I got the half chicken with two sides and an order of the chicken livers.  The one side was roast vegetables which was a nice change for the normal fries or coleslaw scenarios.  I took medium spice which was just perfect.  Once I tasted the chicken I regretted not getting a whole chicken.

The food was so good that my husband snuck out today to buy some of the chicken for himself for lunch!  Luckily, he shared it with me when I got home! I think we will get more chicken for dinner tonight 

I highly recommend you check it out."
"Second amazing lunch here today. Juicy, fresh, spiced perfect, Crispy fries and great staff. 
Helen even came to ask how good the meal was and dropped off jug of water. 
Exceptional restaurant. You can't go wrong here!"
"Came around 3pm. The person at the counter was very patient with us (we took a long time deciding and asking questions). 
Between the four of us, we ordered the supreme family meal (mild peri), a portguese tart, chicken caesar pita (veri peri), peri chicken wrap (tangy lemon), and strawberry cheesecake.
We were very happy with our meals. Whole chicken was juicy and the portguese rolls were fluffy and crunchy on the outside. We thought the service was very good. Although this is a fast casual restaurant, he waited on us, bring us extra water and clearing our table.
I would recommend and come back again!"
So glad Barcelos moved into our neighborhood! We've gotten take-out many times and I'm impressed with how fast our order is ready! Veri Peri Chicken is delicious and the Peri fries are addictive!
I love this place because not crowded usually. Lol I guess not good for business owner, but it's my favourite chicken place !! I love the chicken liver as it so soft and fresh. Taste just right, not too salty, not too much seasoning . Just great as it could be. They dish it out with decent plates, colourful and vivid. Unlimited fountain drink let me sit a little bit longer with my friends here.
Pretty good service and food. The perri perri chicken is pretty good especially the perri perri sauce. Tried the chisme sandvich is really good.
"I freaking love Nando's. No second guessing. I've eaten at many Nando's locations and each and everyone has been consistent at being an amazing place to eat at; great food and friendly service.

My one issue is their take-out.

I was going on and on to my boyfriend that Nando's is the place to be for chicken and [peri peri] fries. We finally got the chance to eat there but we decided to have a lazy day and just get take out from this location and eat at home.

The wait was surprisingly quick: 10 minutes. Too quick... We ordered one of the family packs cuz why not and for the two large sides that came with it, we opted for two orders of peri peri fries-- cuz I was telling him how amazing they were. FALSE.

The fries were semi-warm (if that's a thing) and were ridiculously soggy. At first I blamed it on maybe the steam being stuck inside the packaging as we drove the 5 minute drive home. But then I complained to my older brother about it when he visited and he said, ""oh yeah, Nando's is awesome to eat in at but never get take out cuz they just give you the leftovers."" ..as he ate some of my leftovers. Or should I say my leftovers of Nando's leftovers?? The chicken, as always, was delicious so I guess I'll let this event slide... Just NEVER order Nando's take out (at least from this location that I know of)."
Visiting in Surrey and they walked in with take-out chicken from Nando's. Never heard of them but DAMN! This is seriously some of the best grilled chicken i have EVER tasted !!! Nice spicy kick, juicy and tender. Smeared more Peri-Peri sauce on it and I was yummin' it up like a kid. Sadly my visit was very short and I had to run back to Seattle but damn! I can get the smell and taste out of my head.  Will def plot a food run before too long.
great food with great service, I just love the peri peri garlic sauce with the fries! I always get the sandwich or pita and it's always delicious!
"This is one of my favorite places to go. The food is always great, and the service is even better. After recent renovations the owners personally thanked me and my girl for our continued patronage. The chicken sandwich with peri fries (and peri dip) is a great lunch. On a date pick up a variety pack and you'll both leave happy. 

Make sure to check it out on Tuesdays with a friend for 2 double leg and theigh combos for 14.99! It's a steal at that price."
I fell in love with nando's when I visited new zealand, nandos is amazing and doesn't fail... I wish they had one in the Seattle area. The chicken is tender and flavorful, awesome Periperi sauce, and the chippers are crispy and wonderful
So, here's a tip. The hot sauce means HOT. I mean freakin' hot. Stick your head in a snowdrift hot. I LOVE it!
"Wen I think of eating some quick healthy protein dinner , the only place comes to my mind is NANDO's . In fact if you cross beside any of Nando's location,u can smell flavours in the air. I did try Barcelos once but nothing beats Nando's.  if ever you have been to these 2 places , u will agree that the concept is more or less same but  Nando's outweighs the quality of food. 
Full chicken with rice n coleslaw salad + a coke is a good meal for 2 people in $30 . So u can pick n choose ur type of chicken n sides from the menu. Sandwiches are also on menu. Mind it the side portions are small in case u have big appetite. They have introduced colourful drinks n desert menu which does not have many options to choose from though. Beer n wine can be purchased too. Place ur order on the counter n pay for it there. They will give you table number n cutlery . Be seated n food will be served to you.
This specific location have only 6 booths n rest tables are placed in a dining area setting. Washrooms are decent n bright coloured. There is enough parking outside just few steps away from the restaurant. (Free)"
Try it once and you will not regret it! This location has the best food and service in town. I always order the same thing which is a Pita with their Peri Peri fries. My cousin ordered a chicken wrap and Cesar salad. I am never disappointed when I go to this location the food is always fresh and all the employees walk around with a smile on their face which is very nice to see. If you are looking for something fresh and healthy than Nandos is the place to go to.
This is another one of the better Nando's locations.  The chicken is grilled to perfection, and is still juicy inside. The pita bread for the chicken pita was nice and soft. We also ordered the hummus and pita appetizer and when the server put it on the table he accidentally dropped two of the pita pieces. But he promptly brought a new pita for us.  And he even brought us a pen when we asked for one and came back to check on us.  Great service. They clearly care about their customers. And the food is great!
"I've been a fan of Nando's for several years now since I started going to their chains in Ontario (before I became Yelpish!)  When I moved to BC, I was so disappointed with the cleanliness of the 2 locations I went to I couldn't even Yelp.  Until today.... 
For some strange reason, I found myself in Delta with my Mom.  We ducked into Nando's because it's conveniently located in a shopping area delightly named Strawberry Hills!  We immediately noticed the cute ""punny"" sandwich board outside the restaurant.  As soon as we walked in the front door, the folks greeted us right away but didn't rush us for our order. (My Mom takes a long time to decide.) 
After we found a roomy booth in the fair sized and very clean dining room, I got my fountain drink from a fancy dispenser with plenty of different beverage choices.  Our food was brought to our table within 7 minutes.  My Mom really liked her non-spicy BBQ quarter chicken and always a fan if the crispy, right out-of-the-fryer fries.  Her coffee was too strong for her but she was immediately brought some hot water when I went to the till to ask for it.  I had a medium spiced quarter chicken with the spicy rice.  My chicken was a bit dry (breast and wing) and the skin wasn't crispy.  I bathed it in the creamy and spicy garlic sauce condiment and it was somewhat redeemed.  Definitely a good experience and would come back."
Delish! Such a quick tasty take out option on busy days. The chicken is flavorful and best of all not greasy deep fried garbage that seems to be the only other take out chicken option besides swiss chalet. The peri fries are awesome too! Probably my favorite fries in the city!
"Chicken Livers extraordinaire. 'nuff said.
(Although my better half says the Chicken itself is the only way to go).
Peri Peri Veggies for the perfect complement either way!"
Def 5 stars for service. The guy behind the cash registe r tonight was excellent managed to take orders and was able to serve waters to the different patrons. I did have an issue with a side order of fries in which they were forgotten. They happily gave me a refund for the issue and offered to pack it up anyways and give it to go. Props to the service from the worker for going above and beyond with not only me but everyone else.
"Yes! We are at another Nando's flame-grilled chicken location! It feels like we have been to all of the Nando's restaurants by now but there seem to be more we have yet to visit! If you've never been to a Nando's flame-grilled chicken location before, you're missing out and here's why!

My chicken was practically swimming in mango lime sauce and I wasn't too happy about it! I've never had this happen at Nando's before and I'm generally okay with lots of sauce but this was far too much. I prefer to apply it myself."
Nando's in Canada doesn't have as good a menu as Nando's in England. I love the latter. The former? Still solid. But the cole slaw was terrible, their chicken sandwich was half the size of what I got in England, and my nephew's livers were pretty gross. Everything else, however, was great (and the sandwich was very good too, to be fair... just small). A-OK is three stars, so three stars it is.
"I came here with B for dinner. Because we live nearby within 20 mins walking distance. We got a coupon (spend $30 and save $10 in the mail). It was a pretty good deal. I got the 1/4 chicken leg with 2 sides and B got 2 chicken leg with 2 sides and a soft drink. 

Our meal was very delicious. I always liked Nando. 
My sides were the mash potatoes and coleslaw. The coleslaw was ok but not wow. B got rice and chips. The chips were super yummy. I wish I got that instead of the coleslaw. 

We really liked the pop machine here. It was one of those multi-flavor machine. 

Nando just reopened recently about couple months ago. They spent over 6 months renovating the place. It definitely looks nicer than before. 

When you walk in through the door, you would go up and order the food and they would bring it to your table (same as before). Overall, good food. Nando's is really like fast food but at a slightly higher end. 

Would definitely come back."
"This review is in reference to the South Surrey location. The food is always spot on and consistent quality. Juicy, flavourful chicken cooked to perfection. Creamy garlic mashed potatoes. 
The service is always on the ball and attentive. 
Every time I arrive my mobile order is made ready for me. They never miss a beat. 
They also have a coca-cola freestyle machine which is always really fun to have. 
The atmosphere is dimly lit and feels fancy for a casual restaurant. It's clean, has a hand washing station and all the sauces laid out for you to serve yourself. 
Great setup. A little on the pricey side but you're paying for good service and healthy, quality food."
Im from a NJ Potruguese family, 1st gen american.  Have been in Boston 3 years - and this is the best here!  GREAT food reasonable prices.  Also get trays for party catering.  Bacalhao assado, and Dobrada my favs!
"Real hidden gem in Somerville. Former roommate told me about this place and how they have the best chicken around. He wasn't kidding, their piri piri chicken is a Portugese staple and addicting indeed. 

Grab a half chicken with flavorful rice and fries. Deff carboload and will put you in a coma but worth it"
"Hola!!! My first time trying J and J Restaurant & Takeout. I have never eaten Portuguese food before. Their food is very similar to the Eastern European food. The restaurant is located in my boyfriend's neighborhood -Somerville. It looks like an ethnic deli from the outside and in the back they have a small and simple family oriented restaurant. You can tell the food is cooked on the spot. It tastes very fresh. I had pork(Febras de porco $10.95) and my boyfriend got the tuna steak (Bife de atum grelhado $12.95). He also had the Portuguese soup which tasted very good. 

My boyfriend recommended to go there on Sunday for lunch but he warned me that it wouldn't be anything 'fancy'. Just as he said, it was a simple and clean establishment. The food is very inexpensive - within $10-$15 range for a huge meal and about $5/drink. This place is worth trying. I am definitely going there again. The check came to about $40 for a soup, 2 huge entrees and 2 drinks - very affordable lunch. Too bad we were a little bit in a rush because we were scheduled for a 3pm chocolate factory tour at Taza. 

The staff was very pleasant and friendly. The restaurant was very busy for Sunday lunch but then again, the restaurant is not big. Sometimes you are better off trying the local spots than venturing out in town."
Their garlic sauce is AMAZING. Get their rice I forget if I got chicken or pork but get whatever comes with garlic sauce. mmmmmm.
As a portuguese person myself, I can say this place is very authentic!. The food is delicious, fresh & hot!... Pretty much love everything on the menu. The barbecue chicken is they signature dish! And it is delicious! Very affordable and you can order take out, witch we quite often !.....
Great food and lots of it! We had the recommended BBQ chicken that was smokey and had a delicious marinade. Unassuming  front which doubles as a convenience store and they also do take out that was popular! Will drop by again for dinner next time we are in town.
Half grocery/half restaurant. Homey atmosphere. Very good Bacalhau  assado, a little chewy grilled squids, good Costeletas de porco, very cheap Vino verde...nice personnel...Highly recommended!
"I come in here so often and it's not hard to say why... the Frango (grilled chicken) never a bad idea! It's a must have. I have tried a few other things from their menu and they are ""ok"" but I always get the grilled chicken prob more then I should. Sad to say my whole family comes here and this is the best Portuguese food around this area until you go to new Bedford or Fall River."
"The most underrated gem in Somerville. It's more of a takeout joint than a sit-down restaurant but the food served here is what you would typically get at a nice Portuguese/Spanish restaurant. The salmon is to die for, the steak is cooked just right, and the paella options are out of this world. My favorite is the seafood paella, it's not cheap at $20 per meal but can easily feed two people!! 

Don't let the outside or ambiance of this place fool you, the food is well done and unique for the Somerville area."
"A very, very good Frango de Churrasco (barbecue chicken). Flan pudding for dessert was very good as well.

Price is perfectly adequate ($12.95 for a half chicken with rice and fries).

Service is pleasant and quick.

Will most definitely return."
Take away food spot. The chicken is very solid served with fries and rice. Perfect for take away after a long day. Very comforting food. The caldo verde/kale soup is also good but not consistent, sometimes it's very liquid other times is perfect...you need to be lucky. You will have to call before getting there so you don't end up waiting forever for your food.
"On a corner in East Somerville, come for tasty Portuguese fare. Seafood and meat available to suit most tastes. Enter through the convenience store to a charming small restaurant with a few tables. Start with a delicate chick pea salad. Zesty with small rolls. Come to relax, enjoy your company, and dine on European cuisine. 
 
Plenty of fish dishes to chose from. Try the standard cod, baked with sautéed onions in a balasmic vinaigrette sauce. Note the baked cod takes awhile to cook. Served with slightly crispy and slightly chewy potato slices and steamed vegetables. The sweet balsamic sauce compliments the mild cod with precision. BBQ half chicken is charcoal goodness. Tangy seasoning. Four chicken pieces, on the bone, plated with french fries and buttery rice (unexpected highlight)."
"J&J is absolutely a great place for takeout! It's an authentic Portuguese restaurant. Everything in the menu is yummy-yummy! We ordered for takeout & was ready on time for pickup! We have ordered: Frango No Churrasco (BBQ chicken with rice, French fries and garlic sauce), bacalhau and Escondidinho (Fried cod fish with peppers, onions, and homemade fries) together with Linguica sub & ""Kale Soup""- soup is the must try one! Well recommended!!"
"This place isn't bad, but it has so much more potential. The space and seating I thought was all great, however very disappointing for a restaurant to open in the Fermentation District of Everett and have an extremely limited amount of local beers. No local beers from the 2 breweries next door or any breweries in the Boston area for that matter. Closest was Clown Shoes and they had a cider from Lookout Farms. The menu was decent with the usual food offerings of a pub, however the presentation off the menu could use a lot of work. It's very simplistic and uses bullets points, with no description of the meals. ""Zucchini Sticks,"" are they baked, fried, any sauces? The waiter was pleasant and professional however you could tell he had very limited experience. No major issues to report there though as our orders were correct and they came fairly quickly. I did like this place and I would go back, I just think it could make a few changes that might really step up their game."
Came here in between visits to Nightshift and Bone Up breweries.  The staff were friendly and its location is great if your hungry and need some calories. I'd try the Brazilian options, would likely be better. Great wine selection too!
"Not sure why the bad reviews. The space is huge and there is a good selection of beer and food. We had a great experience. We ordered the sampler app and chicken fingers. We were brought a separate order of wings instead of the sampler which was not a big deal. The kitchen made us a sampler and then we were charged only for the sampler. So for 12$ we got an order of wings, chicken fingers and the full sampler. This was more than generous for an honest mistake. It's convenient as well when you are looking for food after hanging at the breweries.
Keep up the good work!"
WOW, the food was amazing. Went for the first time tonight. Found out about it here on Yelp. My wife got the Carne Alentejana (Marinated Pork & Little Necks). She hasn't had that dish in over 20 years. She loved it. I got Kale soup (awesome) and the special of lobster, mussel, clams, scallops , rice and more. It was hot, the broth was off the hook, seafood tender. Coffee was delicious and hot. Wait staff was great. They answered all my crazy questions. IF YOU WANT A GREAT MEAL GO HERE. Tonight was my first time and surely won't be my last. OH and to have a fruit plate for dessert was a great finish.
If you are looking for a unique and surprisingly good dining experience this is the place to try. The Portuguese bean soup is my recommendation. It is flavorful and the beans are cooked to perfection. This is a reasonable priced restaurant with Greta food and service! From bread to desert it was excellent.
I actually found this place using the Yelp reviews:)  This place is amazing, what a great hidden gem! Went with a small group, they were very accommodating.  I had the garlic steak....it was so delicious, stuffed mushrooms were fantastic.  The calamari was the best I have ever had!  The prices are as good as the food - and the cocktails....where can you get a good class of wine w/dinner for $4.00!!!  I can't wait to go back. Plenty of parking:)  Staff is so friendly, by the time we left we felt like family:)
One of the great hidden gems of the north shore.  Plates overflowing with fresh seafood and packing a punch of flavor. Family type feel inside as well.
Very very good hidden gem...HEARTY very home made meals tons of bang for your buck! You will leave here satisfied. Tons of traditional portuguese dishes made to perfection all at an extremely reasonable price i take newbies here all the time love it i recommend the paella or carne alentejana
"This place is so incredible!!! Seafood stew is unreal, the broth is awesome, if you come here you MUST try it! Be prepared to wait for a table, the place is small but worth the wait so bring your patience. 

Bottle of wine, appetizer, and two large seafood/steak entrees for $76! Awesome."
This was some of THE BEST food my husband and I have EVER had! Huge portions, wonderful service and cozy atmosphere. We were not only greeted by the staff who graciously did their best to seat our group as soon as possible in a full restaurant, but we were also met by the friendly locals and regulars during our wait. Before we were even seated, our table was waiting with bread, butter, and a wonderful bowl of olives. My husband had the roasted pork with fava beans and I had the roasted goat. Let me repeat: This was some of the most wonderful fool we have ever had the pleasure of tasting. Everything was great: service, atmosphere, and food! This is a MUST VISIT!
Came in was greeted and seated right away. Come around 1pm it was slow but their seems to have a few regulars ordered sea food stew mild spicy came with bread and choice of salad or soup I picked the soup it was onion soup it was good but not great when the main course came out I I ate the whole thing the broth was very tasty it wasn't heavy broth was light and very flavorful which is a plus for me. I just hope they cooked it a minute less some of the seafood was a little chewy other then that service was good and friendly ... Just to let everyone no the menu prices is different from the yelp pictures the prices change I didn't notice untill the bill came out my sea food stew was 22 dollars it was worth it for me
"I got a kick reading all these yelp reviews because I would never expect someone to go out of their way to eat here. It's a tiny, easily missed hole-in-the-wall with outdated decor. BUT, if you're Portuguese or like Portuguese food, it's a no brainer. 

My steak tips here are awesome. Calamari -- don't do the rings, do the regular calamari and it's great. Rings are blah. Salad is fine, nothing to write home about. The ""fries"" are sliced potato and they're really good. Bread is always soft and too yummy for my own good. I loved the soup I had here. My friends have had the house steak - yum, all kinds of seafood stuff - not my thing but they loved it, and everything in between. 

Tips:
 - Sit at the bar
 - Order a drink, they're good
 - Don't come if you're in a rush
 - Come with a Portuguese person 
 - Don't expect white-glove service, but do expect good food"
"There is absolutely nothing better than stumbling across a restaurant that turns out to be something unforgettable! My husband, friends and I were in Boston for a weekend, and got a sudden craving for a Hawaiian staple, Portuguese Bean Soup. There began our epic journey to find a Portuguese restaurant. I don't even know how they found this place since I ended up passing out in the backseat of the car, but once we stepped inside, we knew we had found a hidden gem.

The owner(?)/manager(?)/waiter was very attentive and apologetic that we would have to wait for a bit and kept checking on us and giving us time updates for when we would be seated. There was a couple next to us who was finishing up and they told us that the seafood stew was amazing, so I kept that in mind. Once we got seated, we were taken on a culinary journey that was out of this WORLD! Our lovely waiter recommended a delicious sparkling wine and we ended up ordering the Flaming Linguica, two types of seafood stew and the marinated steak. 

First of all, the bread is stupidly good. Crisp thin crust and warm fluffy insides. I shudder to think how many of them I ate that night. The linguica was served LITERALLY on fire and the crunch of the skin and the slight char was perfect when I paired it with the bread. If that wasn't enough, the stew made me literally moan out loud. In between every bite of the spicy tomatoey broth, the fresh and plump clams, mussels, scallops and more, all sopped up with the fresh rolls, I kept going on and on about how good it was. When the table next to us left, they said that all we were missing was Anthony Bourdain and we would have had a show fit for the Food Network.

Keep in mind that this restaurant is quite small. Off the top of my head I believe there are like 6 tables that seat four each so you may need to wait if it is busy. All I know is that this will be a sure repeat visit when I get back to Massachusetts for Pax East!"
Food is amazing, atmosphere pretty nice but a little cramped. Perhaps not great for a special celebration but for a night of deliciousness without breaking the bank, it's a thumbs up.
Fantastic place.  Had the salt cod which was great.  The fava and pork dish is best comfort food.
Very authentic Portuguese food for the price. However, the service was a bit slow due to short on staff/waitresses. Overall, I enjoyed the good food, ambience, decor. Would definitely come back again.
Been here three times. Kept coming back everytime i am in the area. very friendly service. Better than our favorite NYC place.almost full on a tue night. Mostly locals.
"Good friendly service. The host (George) very pleasant and too busy running between tables and the bar.  
Seafood stew very good. But fish & chips smelled fishy which means the fish was not very fresh. 
No kids menu. 
Yes, we would go back again but..."
"It may not be much to look at, but this is the best Portuguese food you can get in the Boston area. Yes, there are a lot of carbs on the menu but, man, carbs are great, especially their carbs: buttery rice, and amazing french fries are the most memorable for me. J & J's has great Portuguese-style steak (and tuna steak), seafood rice, fried fish, and pork loin, but they're BBQ chicken is my favorite dish. It's perfectly done and the sauce is a great mix of garlic and spice.
The prices are very reasonable and the dining room has been expanded to actually have some chairs and tables (instead of the old waiting area). If you're looking for good, authentic Portuguese food, J&J's is the place."
My family is from the Algarve, the sunny southern region of Portugal, where you will find the most delicious chicken on earth: Frango Piri Piri. I have been searching FOREVER for some place in the US that can even come close to the authentict marinade, and no Portuguese place could deliver until I tried J &J's. They pretty much nailed it, only needing a bit more salt and piri piri. I am beyond psyched that I no longer have to travel 3600 miles to get my favorite food on earth.
Hands down, amazing! Great food & great service. Haven't had Portuguese soup that good in years.
"MMM, what a find! We were at Target in Somerville this afternoon, and we were very hungry and looking for a place to eat nearby, and we stumbled upon J & J, and we're so happy we did. It's pretty unassuming, just driving by, but behind the grocery area inside there is a delightful, homey restaurant. 

I can't say that I have had a lot of authentic Portugese food, but what we had for lunch today was amazing. We ordered the half grilled chicken with spicy garlic sauce as well as the grilled pork with spicy garlic sauce. These two dishes are usually accompanied by delicious buttery rice and french fries, but we decided to substitute the fries for a fresh salad (which was a good choice for us). 

Every meal starts out with garbanzo beans drizzled in olive oil with a relish of onions and peppers (from what I could see and taste), and it was refreshing and a nice starter. Their bread was hot and fresh from the oven.

When our meal arrived, we were surprised to see the large portions- - and couldln't wait to dig in. The meat had a nice grilled flavor with a slightly spicy garlic sauce, which tasted so good over the buttery rice. There was so much food, I couldn't eat it all and saved 2/3 of my meal for a friend and dinner for the next day.  

I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're in the area!"
"Tucked away behind a partition in a convenience store, this place really is an authentic Portuguese restaurant. We were the only ones in there who didn't speak fluent Portuguese and the food was just as I'd remembered it in Portugal. 

I got the BBQ chicken, which was flavorful, moist, and the garlic sauce really added something special. The waitress said it was just enough for 1 person, but I couldn't eat half of it. Would have been great to share... especially since my boyfriend got the pork with garlic sauce and it was pretty bad. Tough, thin, and really overcooked. 

The service was mediocre at best. I had to yell 'ma'am' to ask for more water and remind her about my soup. With only 2 tables of customers in such a tiny space, it should not have been hard to get her attention. 

I'd recommend it, but I wouldn't raise your expectations too high."
Pretty authentic, one of the few good Portuguese places to eat that remain in the area. Can't go wrong with some caldo verde! Try it out.
Amaaaazing Portuguese seafood! And the prices are so reasonable. The place would be so much better without a TV, but the TV seems to have invaded everyplace these days. People seem to be afraid of silence.
Grilled chicken is delicious, two meals if you're a light eater, one if you're super hungry. Love the portions, flavor, and prices. Friendly service. Hard to beat.
"Ola!!  My new favorite Portuguese restaurant!  It appears to be an ethnic deli from the outside, but venture inside and behind the wall to the right for wonderfully authentic Portuguese food, served in the requisite sea of olive oil.  
We ordered both of the two available appetizers to share at the table.  The linguica in red wine was good, but the pot of little neck clams was the clear winner of the two with a delicious garlic white wine broth and just a touch of lemon.  When the clams were gone, we scooped out most of the remaining broth with our clamshells to drink. 
For our main courses, we had cod, chicken, seafood and feijoada.   The mariscada (seafood with rice) was spectacular.  This is a dish similar to paella, but with a stronger tomato flavor that I prefer.  It was packed with shellfish, including some large pieces of lobster tail.  The chicken had a nice taste but the piece I tried was a little dry.  I think it was supposed to be served with a side of garlic sauce, and if so, that never arrived.  My favorite by far was the bacalhau de casa, an enormous grilled cod filet topped with sweet caramelized onions and served with mixed veggies and Portuguese style potatoes which are slightly crispy and incredibly flavorful.  If ordering a dish with fries, I'd recommend subbing these potatoes.  
Each of our entrees could easily have served two.  There was plenty to take home and no room for dessert but the couple next to use ordered a good looking chocolate mousse with a pile of cream on top. 
The official language spoken here is Portuguese and we ran into some communication problems when we asked for a drink menu, which might be known simply as the wine list.  This gives me an incentive to expand my Portuguese vocabulary, which right now consists solely of the words ""more,"" ""wine,"" ""bread,"" ""cheese,"" and ""stop, don't do that,"" the latter phrase near and dear to my heart as one I heard regularly from my paternal grandfather.  The wines are very reasonably priced and we ordered the topmost wine on the list on our server's recommendation.  Table opinion was divided on it, but I loved the sweet fruitiness. 
They shut down at around 8 on Friday so get here early."
I wouldn't dine in, but great for take out.  The rotisserie chicken with rice and beans is my fave.
My second time , visiting from pa, both experiences were great.....the food wonderful. The wait staff kind, and attentive. The grilled octopus, kale soup, and the hot fresh rolls, served with the chicken salad amazing. Looking forward to my next visit in the spring.
"Bbq chicken and the grilled shrimp are the best 
Great hospitality they let us to dine in even at the closing time ....
They know know how to run business and earn people 
5 stars service and food"
"My wife and I came in over the weekend. This was good Portuguese food - huge portions and great deal. Chicken was excellent but the pork chops were a bit dry. 

My biggest complaint is that the service sucked. I will head back given I have a soft spot for no-frills Portuguese food and want to explore more of this menu."
"You wouldn't even know this place existed if it wasn't pointed out to you.  From the outside, it looks like another of Somerville's many ethnic convenience stores.  Once you step in, you notice that behind a free-standing wall with shelves containing portuguese foods, etc., is a modest dining area furnished with cheap tables/chairs, and a tv set to the Portuguese channel.  
So, for eating in there's not much that can be said about this establishment's ambience (scratch tickets behind the counter, anyone?), but trust me, this is the area's best Portuguese take out (and IMO, food), hands down.  Prices cannot be beat for the large, tasty and authentic portions you get.  Many offerings, such as the pork steak and BBQ chicken have that wonderful, right-off-the-grill smokey flavor that takes me back to Lisbon.  Other standouts include the Caldo Verde soup, tuna steak in a pepper and onion sauce (very well done, btw, no searing--as is tradition, the Portuguese cook all their meats well done, for health reasons), & Carne Alentejana (pork and clam stew).  There's also American food (burgers, subs, fish n' chips) on the menu, though I've never tried.  Also great for catering, I usually pick up a tray of something of theirs to bring to a family party.  Solid!"
We've gotten catering sized trays of carne alentejana several times from J and J (if that doesn't sound familiar it's pork and clams in a brown gravy with potatoes).  Every time it has been top notch delicious.  Fresh clams and perfect gravy.  Can't say enough about it!
"This place doesn't have a great storefront but the food is amazing. 

I have gotten takeout from this restaurant before but this is the first time I've eaten in the restaurant. The service was good although the food took awhile to come out. We figured it was because we had gotten there a little bit before lunch time had officially started. 

My friend had costeletas de porco (pork chops in garlic sauce with rice) and I had the frango no churrasco (bbq chicken in garlic sauce with rice). We substituted the french fries with black beans. The entrees were amazing and we both ate much more than we needed to. 

It would be great if the restaurant had a lunch menu. 

Definitely check this restaurant out."
All I can say is WOWEEE!  This place indeed is a hidden gem.  Nothing fancy ya know, but it out-beats in flavor many fine dining restaurants.  Lets face it, put J and J's food on a fine dining menu and it would be the hit of the town and would be considering 'gourmet'. The piri piri chicken is to DIE FOR!  My complaint is with the rice, tends to be dry.  I no longer live in Somerville, but miss this place very much.  When I'm in the area, I try to make time to pay them a visit.  If you like salted cod dishes (bacalhau), I highly recommend the Bacalau Lagareiro, YUM!!
My family and I have been ordering food from here for years! always delish and fresh, always has us all wanting to go back. their grilled chicken plate with rice & fries is just bomb.com and of course there's many other plates that's great and yummy...love the food and I don't normally give 5 stars lol but it's deserving of all stars....
"Chicken. Oh hells yeah.

I was told that I HAD TO TRY this place, my boyfriend raved about how well a decently priced meal kept him fed and warm last winter when he was towing overnights. Finally after much talk, we finally made plans and followed through. 

When we walked in, my cousin and I razzed my boyfriend ""really, you brought us to a convenience store? You shouldn't have!"" When you walk to the right, down a little hallway type thing, you get to a little seating area. We sat, met the very polite and friendly waitress and ordered after a complete investigation of what the menu offered. 

Our waitress apologized for her English a few times, but we had absolutely no issues with ordering - especially with the questions about what my newly (again) vegan cousin's restrictions, she went and asked all the questions of the cooks to free everybody of worry.

I got the same thing that my boyfriend ordered. Half a roasted chicken. I sadly wasn't able to finish my meal (TOO much food for me, though my eyes constantly argue with my stomach on this topic...) but enjoyed the chicken a great deal, had the potatoes which were cooked very well, as was the rice. 

It was clean, the food was presented well, and the staff was incredibly friendly. I'm planning on going back with a bigger appetite, or plans to reheat it for the next days lunch."
This is some of the best authentic Portuguese food around. Everything always is always made fresh and flavorful. I have nothing but great things to say about J & J and will be eating there for as long as they are in business. 10/10 by far!!
This the best BBQ chicken (frango).  We mostly get the chicken as take out.  Their Portuguese soup is excellent -- almost as good as my grandmother's.
Rreally, REALLY, REALLY GOOD FOOD@@  Run and get yourself some grilled chicken.  The best EVER.  The kale soup was to die for, all creamy and filled with tender kale and slices of chorizo.  But the chicken, it can easily be the last meal I eat before dying. Service was efficient and sweet, the gal made sure we had everything and even got us rolls after we paid!  We called in our order and the the guy who took our order was very nice. Our food was ready when we got there.
This place is so good it should be illegal.  My favorite dish by them is their grilled pork with rice (hold the fries).  It comes with their amazing garlic sauce. I always ask for extra because it is *that* good.  I've only ever gotten take-out from them so I can't speak for their dining room, but if you are in the mood for some fantastic & fast portuguese food, this is the place to go.  It's very dangerous (for my wallet) that I live so close.  Which is not to say they are expensive, I just find myself craving their food all the time :)
"This place has amazing food, great service and I love the small extra things they give you so you feel at home. Comfort food with great flavor and great value. When you get here they give warm bread and a delicious appetizer with ""garbanzos"" something like favs beans. The bread and the garbanzos were spectacular. Then we got the Portuguese soup that was very tasty, similar to the Italian soup with vegetables that I am blanking on the same, oh Minestrone. The the BBQ chicken, mmmmmm the best thing. I want to come here only to eat that chicken, PERFECT. the guarana drink was also very good. We closed with the flan and that was the only thing I didn't love and that prevented me for giving 5 stars. Service was excellent and the space is good for kids."
"HAVE to go here for brunch.  Other times I have been less than impressed. 

The drinks at brunch are perfect and the options  especially for ommellettes!"
Being half Portuguese if I am ever missing my mom's home cooked meal when I am in the Somverville area visiting my family I have to stop by. I actually drive all the way from the south shore to get food from here. Clean , inexpensive and lots of flavor! Yeah it can be greasy but this is food from the islands without the fats and oils the food wouldn't be the same. This is some place I like to come on a sunday have a nice glass of wine and some nice steak with potatoes. Give it a try and judge for yourself.
"You can tell a lot about a place by their staples.  This place has delicious, meaty rice, perfectly cooked potatoes, well balanced spices and small plates that relax the soul.  I could dine happily on nothing else.

The entrees are large and uniformly high quality, they have good inexpensive wines, and great cod.  I need to go back soon to try more of their menu. 

Overall, you could take out your family for little more than it would cost to cook a great meal at home.  If I were going to set up my own restaurant, I could hardly do better."
"Two friends and I wandered over to this establishment per the excellent reviews I read here. The place was empty when we got in there, but quickly filled up with lots of Portuguese speaking peoples. Brazilians? Perhaps. Portuguese? I have no idea.

The food here reminded me a lot of the food I ate during my semester abroad in northern Spain. Yes, this is Portuguese food, not Spanish food, but the similarities were striking - thin pieces of meat, lots of oil, lots of carbs. It was definitely home cooking style. Their tap water was served without ice, a la Europe. 

Pros: The really yummy chick pea salad thing they serve with little buns (tee hee, buns!). Circular sliced potato fries. Really good regular fries. Garlic sauce. Service. Moist chicken.

Cons: TV. Lots of carbs - next time I'll switch the rice for some steamed veggies. Oily food. Thinly hammered pieces of meat.

All in all, not a bad experience. I'd return here again if I were in the neighborhood, but I won't be yelling their praises from the rooftop."
"This place is small, with about 10 tables, but a group of 6 had no trouble being seated on a Friday night at prime time.

The half roast chicken is excellent, with an interesting and slightly spicy marinade, accompanied with mountains of rice and french fries (side vegetable?), for $10.  Someone else ordered Arroz de Marisco, which at $19.95 was the most expensive item on the menu, but was loaded with shellfish and a whole lobster and was very good.

I don't know what the total was because someone else picked up the check before I could say anything.  Expect to pay $10 to $15 per person for poultry/meat dishes, $13 to $20 for seafood.  The online menu seems to be current.

This is also an excellent place to come if you are in search of lottery tickets.  They have a bigger selection than any place I have ever seen."
Mostly all their plates are great. nothing bad to say. food is fantastic period. yumm.com
Albana Shishko , What a great movie FOOD inc was, And this place has great food too!
Forever delicious, authentic Portuguese food. My go-to is the BBQ frango chicken. Catering trays are perfect for any event.
This is a small little convenience/variety store but off to the side is the restaurant. basic and casual. The food is good but as others have said...loads of carbs! I wish they would serve more veggies and not so much rice and french fries! I love the chick pea salad they serve as an appetizer! I wish also they would have a little more variety on the menu...I'm not really a fish eater, would like to see a few more chicken dishes.
Great spot. Friendly, neighborhood place with awesome home cookin. Had lunch here with my girlfriend and we shared the little neck clams for an appetizer. Great. Loads of garlic in a very tasty white wine sauce. Had the pork for an entree. Very tender and flavorful. Recommend this place highly.
"This place is hidden. You walk in the door and it looks like you are in a neighborhood variety store.     Look hard to the right and you see the entrance to a  ten table dining room. 

Fine Portuguese Cuisine 
           Great menu, simple wine list.
             - House white wine is from Portugal ( nice and dry ) 

Had the seafood plate ..fantastic dish.  For the money, the meal you get at J& J  gets a two thumbs up from me. 

Great spot for a fun relaxing meal with wine and an espresso.

These folks do an amazing job at keep this place clean .... really clean.   So, compared to many off the other neighborhood places in Somerville and Cambridge this is a stand out for being clean.  I like a  restaurant where the owner really goes the extra mile to make sure their dining room and kitchen sparkles.

Rolls delivered before dinner are fresh. However, this type of dinner role ( small and round) has a hard crust.  

Street parking, no valet here . There are lots of parking meters nearby. So bring quarters for the parking meter, if you drive to J & J"
"Awesome frangu plate with homemade fries .very very tasty and filling.
I Always stop by when in area either for a 2go plate or dine in.
Give them a try!!"
We place a large order for lunch for Mercedes Benz of Boston and we love the food.
"Visited the restaurant on Saturday evening....for some reason Yelp listed them as closed for the day.  Fortunately, the restaurant was not closed.  

I was really looking for great tasting food at this restaurant based on the strong yelp ratings.

People are correct...from the outside, you would not know there was a restaurant inside because it is blocked off by a wall and in the back.  Almost like secret section of the place.

We sat ourselves down and the waitstaff acknowledged us.  There were only a few other diners in the restaurant (not really eating but chatting over wine - slight indication of locals).  The waitress informed us that their grill was not working at all so the menu are limited to items that does not require the grill (ie fried or pan cooked).  

After a few minutes, we managed to find something to try.  We ordered the following:

Paelha Valencia - ""aka paella"" - except I requested to eliminate the pork and linguica (I do not eat pork) - so this leaves with chicken, shrimp, clams and squid.  It was a huge portion - rice was tasty, seafood was fresh but the chicken was too dry (which made up most of the protein) in the dish.  If I would to have it again - I would just request it as a seafood paella.


Feljoada - pork with red beans.  Waitress recommended this because it is a native dish.  It was all parts of pig (belly, fatty, lean cut and even some unknown)...some pieces still have the animal's hair on it.  Those pieces my hubby just pushed aside.  He said the dish was decent.

The restaurant is a no frill kinda restaurant - minimal service but friendly, food takes a little longer than expected and quality of food is decent though not spectacular as other yelpers had claimed.

Gave it a shot but will keep looking and trying."
"I grew up with this restaurant and have watched it mature and boy am I proud of this establishment! While it may be in a tricky location in Somerville, it is worth the parking nightmare for some quality, homestyle Portuguese food. 

For a quick, satisfying meal, I recommend the 1/2 or whole frango no churrasco, which is their delicious version of peri peri chicken. Their fish meals are also fantastic! Most of these dishes come with their rice and fries, and for someone who is picky about rice outside of the home, I love theirs!  For you polvo (octopus) fans, they serve polvo à lagareiro everyday! Bacalhau is also a staple here. 

As other Yelpers have stated, this is a hidden gem. Don't judge this book by its cover, take a walk inside and nom on some pasteis or rissóis while you wait for your entree to be done!  Eat in or take out. Enjoy!"
Hidden gem !! Been coming here for years !! You got to get the chicken with garlic on the side your welcome :)
"Whenever I have a rough day I stop here on the way home and turn it around.

My go to is their half chicken with rice and french fries, with a side of beans, and Portuguese soup. Literally never let's me down, it's the bomb. 

Might be time to try the other options, which I'm sure will not let me down!"
The chicken is soo good here. And the sauce that comes with it amazing. I always get extra. It's a convenience store in the front and a restaurant in the back. Great local spot y'all should check out
If there is anything that I crave in this life, it is the bbq chicken here, absolutely amazing. Always the same taste and the killer sauce that goes with it. I been coming here for years, and never once I had a problem with any meal. True parking is awful and it's hidden. Who cares it's worth it. If they had valet I would do it.
I love their grilled chicken (frangu). I travel there often just for the chicken and the beef is also amazing.
This has grown to become my go to Portuguese take out spot in the Boston area. Highly recommend. Great portion size with Portuguese flavors.
"Holy shit. J&J, I wasn't sure about you but I could eat at you forever. Looks a little dingy from the outside and you can't tell it's a restaurant but once inside it's wonderful. The decor is simple with funny azulejos everywhere--the same azulejos I see in all cafes and restaurants in Portugal, I felt at home at once. The service was really sweet and was really interested in making sure we liked it (I took three American friends). When we ordered the bacalhau assado she took care to tell us it would take 25 minutes--they would e grilling it freshly how awesome! The dobrada tasted exactly how I make it and was taught to make it. The carne de porce alentejana is the best I've tasted in the area so far and it's so cheap. This is not a fancy night out place but a place real people go to get normal no frills real Portuguese cooking. For four entrees, two soups, appetizer, 3 sodas, a bottle of wine and three coffees, it came to just over $100. Cant argue. This is my new go to spot. Absolutely wonderful. Reminds me of the restaurant my dad would go to when I was a kid if my mom wasn't home to make him Portuguese food--because he refused to eat anything vaguely american.

I'm hosting a meeting of the parents for my and my fiance's parents in a few weeks and I will be asking them to make a tray of something classically Portuguese!!"
Great chicken dinner!! Cant be beat. Have been getting take out for years. Never disappoints.
"Wow !! What a unexpected experience!

A friend of mine, who are newer to Austin, have decided to meet up every once in awhile and try a new restaurant! It was her turn to choose the spot and her spidey senses did not disappoint!!

First of all, Tio Pepe himself took our order (which was pretty dope). He was super patient and gave us the rundown of the menu as we anxiously decided how to solve our hunger problem.

We went with the 1/4 chicken, with ""hot"" marinade, and the rice as our side.... IT WAS AN EPIC PARTY IN MY MOUTH.

The rice literally seemed to melt as it pleasured my tastebuds and the chicken was moist and perfectly flavored. Oh! ... the soda options  ... the are of the ""Stubborn"" brand and simply brought a smile to my face with every sip. Go ahead, just try the Pineapple cream. 

Atmosphere was very smooth, and intimate, and all the employees are super nice. 

Basically, I'm asking you, ""what are you waiting for?"" If you have yet to grab your keys and head to your car... go!"
Friendly and home-like atmosphere.  GM Javad is very customer focused and patient.   Observed him helping folks understand what the moist, tasty chicken and scrumptious sauces are all about. And how to use the square payment system (no cash accepted) .
"Definitely a knockoff of Nando's.

We visited this place last night.  As soon as walked through the doors, we were hit by the disgusting stench of a musty bathroom.  Ugh!  

We got a menu and sat down at the farthest table away from the bathroom, and one of the employees came over to greet us.  She was very nice, explained the menu, and was very helpful.

We ordered a 1/4 chicken with garlic sauce, cilantro rice, and Fries.  The chicken had flavor, but it was lukewarm.  The rice had a nice taste, but you could tell that it had been sitting in the pan for some time.  The Fries were hot and crisp though, but that may have been because we asked them to be extra crispy.

The other employee there came by our table to ask how we enjoyed everything, so that was very nice and hospitable.

The place looked very clean, but it just reeked.  The soda fountain and sauces are located next to the bathrooms, so it smelled even worse over there.  I had to hold my breath while getting my drink.  I don't even want to imagine using the bathroom there.

All in all, a pretty mediocre place that smells really badly, but has great customer service.  Hopefully they can power wash the bathrooms to get that stink out because it really is encompassing the entire restaurant."
"I've spent a lot of time in Sydney where Portuguese chicken is a staple. I immediately drove over to Tio Pepe's after seeing it pop up on Yelp and was blown away. 

This is exactly what i was craving: fresh, spicy, and good potion size. Javad, as well as Pepe were a big help to the others who were new to the style of Portuguese chicken; being an old pro, I happily devoured my chicken burger, sad I hadn't ordered a double like a true fat ass. 

Get in here. This shit is incredible."
Great food... moist chicken and bomb sides. The service was excellent, above and beyond! Will definitely be going back.
Excellent food! I've always loved Nandos but this is definitely better! The people who work there are super friendly as well.
"This was great! Everything from the chicken, the sauces, the sides, to dessert was A+!

Going to be a staple restaurant for us going forward."
"Simple food with amazing flavor. Tio Pepe makes some fairly good grilled chicken, however their sauce takes it to another level. I had the Hot, to me it wasn't very hot, but great medium-heat with robust flavor. Kind of reminded me of Jamaican Jerk chicken, but obviously Peruvian, it has a really great collection of different flavors I couldn't quite pin point, but damn it was good! I like all ethnic chicken roasts, rotisserie, grilled, smoked, etc. Tio Pepe's Chicken was a great find I will definitely eat again.

A little pricey and side choices are limited. I was wishing their were some black beans to go with the rice. These are the only reasons it's not a 5 star for me.



Caution: If you're weak to the heat, be sure to try the sauces first, they have all sauces available to try before you order."
Yummy chicken!  I tried it with the garlic sauce and it was delicious.   The cilantro rice was a nice side dish.
"So everyone was very nice and the chicken came out very fast. I appreciated that. The prices are also good for the amount of food that you receive. There was a group of four  of us and no one left thrilled about this place. The chicken was actually very dry. That's what bothered everyone. It would have been a lot better if the chicken wasn't so dry. 

Also, if you are a Coke (or any other Coke products) lover, they have a Stubborn Soda machine. So they don't have the traditional pops. Just FYI."
"First off let me start this review by declaring that I gets dizown on the Peri Peri like no one else. I frequent Nando's Chicken Restaurants across the GLOBE! From KL to London-town. From Brizzy to DC. From TDot to BMore! NZ to... well you get the picture patna!

But unfortunately for myself I currently live in damn near the best city on earth and the only thing that could make AUSTIN TEXASS the top dun dutta is a functional and comprehensive light rail system OR a Nandos!!!!!! But Nando's is NOT coming here. Why? Cause the company expands slower than an ant on Xanax, at least in America. 

Never fear TIO PEPE be HERE! Look I ran up in here to pick up a delivery for some kind folks and when I went inside oooooweeeeeee that dank Peri Peri funk blew up my nostrils like a drone strike! I saw the menu and the words Peri Peri jumped out at me like some Vegas lights on the strip type ish. I vowed right then and there to come back and see if they could do justice to the sauce god of chicken... Peri Peri!

This past Saturday I took my wife on some date night type dealy to none other than Tio Pepe. She got the Hot Quarter Chicken White with rice and steamed veggies and I got the Hot Half Chicken with mashed potatoes. We dug into that chicken like 2 Lymed out Ticks on a hunter's ass cheek. The savory euphoric Peri Peri juices had us in a hypnotic like erotic state that only chicken dripped in Peri Peri nirvana can do!!!!

Is this place Nando's? No. Is it so damn good that you will slap yo own damn mama after eating here? DAMN RIGHT AND THANK GOD!!!!!"
Chicken is indeed really good and juicy. Knocked 1 star due to all their sauces being spicy , even the lemon and herb one . So if going with kids or someone that doesnt like heat ask them to not put and sauce when grilling the chicken.  Also tried the tres leches,  which was good but priced at 6.50 and being store bought and not made in house seems bit pricey.  One last weird thing is I asked for a lemon or lime and they dont carry any, only had lemon juice.
"I stumbled on this place today while looking for something new. Really juicy and spicy chicken. I ordered the ""hot"" and it was just right. Next time I'll probably get a bigger plate. The employees were all really nice and made me feel welcome. I'm now addicted to the pineapple creme soda from the soda fountain. It was addicting. The roasted corn side was ok, but I'll probably try a different side next time."
"This place is great. The chicken is moist and all of the sauces are amazing! The garlic was my favorite. 
This side dishes are well-made. We had fries and vegetables and both were addicting! 

The service is fast and friendly. If you've never been there feel free to ask questions! They were very helpful and attentive."
The first thing my wife and I noticed was how much pride the staff takes in the restaurant; that spoke volumes. The food itself was better than I expected. The chicken falls apart in just the right way, the sauces are well-balanced, the grilled vegetables were perfect, and the chocolate mousse cake put a bow on the whole experience. As an added bonus, the soda machine is really cool. Go there and find out for yourself ;)
Went here for lunch today and ordered a 1/4 lemon herb chicken with mashed potatoes as a side and it was AMAZING. Additionally the staff were super nice and helpful. The cashier explained the menu to me and made it easier to understand and order. The atmosphere is chill and the restaurant was clean. I highly recommend and will definitely be back.
Man, Tio Pepe chicken something else. It's that good good! Real deal food over here!!!
Finally!!! Peri Peri Chicken in Austin!!! The garlic peri-peri sauce is AMAZING!!! The owners were super nice and friendly. The place has plenty of seating. They also carry stubborn soda which was a great treat!
"This spot just opened up in our neighborhood. My boyfriend and I lift weights and are always looking for a protein filled meal. We ordered the garlic and lemon pepper chicken which was very good. Excellent service! 

*They don't accept cash"
I came in to grab a to go order because we had no clue what to do for dinner and we were so happily surprised. The ambiance is causal and welcoming, the staff was attentive and warm. But most importantly the chicken was spot on. I've never had peri peri chicken before but I will definitely have it again.
Had the garlic chicken today.  It was good.  At the table I mixed the garlic and extra hot sauce together and it gave just the right amount of kick.
With memories of some of the great Peri Peri chicken places in Lisbon dancing in my head, we made our way to Tio Pepe, located in a newly refurbished mall not far from the big ACC campus. Choose your degree of heat from the various basting sauces (also offered on the side), and an assortment of tasty sides- we had roasted veggies and grilled corn- no green salads available at the moment due to the lettuce scare. Staff couldn't have been nicer, place is immaculate and offers a good selection of non-alcoholic beverages. The general manager, Javad Davari, could not have be nicer- a charming gent who was enthusiastic about the customer's experience. We enjoyed a Tres Leches cake as a dessert- delicious. Cost is low, design of facility clean and spare, staff first rate. Highly recommended whether as a food adventure, an excuse to go somewhere different than your usual haunt or as a stop gap before your next trip to Portugal. Bring one to South Austin and you'll see us all the time!! Thank you!.
Tio Pepe never disappoints. Not only is it walking distance from my school, but the food quality is amazing! Javad is so sweet and caters to us every time we come in for lunch! Love this place so much :)
Probably the best chicken I have ever had. The Peri-Peri sauce is phenomenal! My family and I are visiting my brother in Austin, and I found this place on yelp and convinced them to give it a try. They all agreed it is the real deal! My brother liked the lemon herb sauce so much that he bought a whole bottle of it after our meal. I highly recommend this place. Great service, great food, and great atmosphere. If your looking for some of the best chicken you could eat and good prices, this is the place for you!
"Excellent in so many ways -obviously, the food is most important, but the people who own/operate Tio Pepe's are so warm and caring, they certainly set the tone for the whole experience.  

Our table had the chicken croquettes (4-5 decent sized on a bed of field greens), and a 1/2 chicken with lemon herb sauce with a side a fries.  There was not one morsel left on any plate.  Yummy, fresh, quick, and plenty for the 3 of us.  We then shared a delicious slice of strawberry cheesecake, on the house.  

We found Tio Pepe's a little difficult to locate, but we're all glad we preserved.  Simple, tasty, inexpensive, fast, clean, and personable are rare finds in a restaurant.  Tio Pepe's has it all!"
Excellent food, drinks and dessert. The meat was very tender and juicy. Very welcoming ambience. Will definitely visit again.
Somehow they make the perfect fries, seasoning is subtle and they are perfectly fried to still be a little moist and very fresh. Environment is clean and friendly. The staff is very accommodating, and there's a family but professional vibe throughout the place.
This place is awesome.  Delicious chicken, I love the apps and dessert. Nice atmosphere with music open and inviting dining room.   Healthy food that is delicious and all the spices you need.
"Man oh man, this place is awesome... This place is really the total package for causal dining. Let's start out with the food. Everything is so fresh, it comes out hot and it is so tasty. To top it off (pun intended) ANY of the sauces are delicious. Next, the people are really nice and the service was very quick despite the number of people people in the restaurant. Lastly, the place was super clean, well lit, and the vibe was great. Obrigado Tio Pepe.

BONUS: You can get the sauces to go and there is all day wine happy hour. What more could you want?"
This is hands-down the best tasting chicken I've had in a while. It may not be the most beautiful, but it packed some serious flavor. I got it with the mild peri-peri sauce and a side of mashed potatoes. I wasn't sold on the potatoes initially (either they're instant, or had a lot of margarine in them instead of butter, both of which are normally massive pet-peeves of mine) but after adding some more peri-peri sauce on the side, I had no complaints. The owner was incredibly nice, checking in to make sure we were enjoying our meal (we were!) There's even a very Instagram-friendly grass wall with peri-peri spelled out in neon lights, if photo ops are your thing. There's a good chance you'll forget about anything other than that chicken once you start eating though  :)
First time here from Dallas, and I must say one of the best chicken I've tasted. Peri peri lemon pepper sauce was amazing and not too spicy, brócoli and cauliflower well fresh, so was the rice and freshly made fries. Definitely worth it! AMAZING customer service.  The cashier was very helpful guiding us through the menu and options. And for dessert their chocolate mousse cake. Thanks again for such a great experience and definitely be back for more!!
Super great chicken, especially if you love dark meat. French fries are on point, sauces all great, friendly staff - highly recommend.
Delighted! Happy mouth taste buds.  The chicken is the best ever, sorry Mom, even better than ur roasted chicken.  The sauces r savory.   We have 3 on our table for our chicken and cilantro rice.  Red wine to complement the meal.  Javad, our host was very helpful walking us newbies thru his cooking process and history of the business.  Great music as well.  Eat here and ur taste buds will be happy
It's new! It's exciting! Simple at best for sure. Don't let their smaller menu think that you won't enjoy your meal. The sauces range from mild to not so pleasant (unless you love spicy) -I don't, but that's my problem and doesn't make their establishment any less than amazing! The owner Pepe made sure that every single guest in his restaurant liked their food and takes all forms of feedback with appreciation. If you want a simple, healthy meal that packs a punch with flavor go check out this spot. It will definitively become a place I frequent often!!
I went to Tio Pepe Chicken and really enjoyed it. The chicken was moist, the sides were great and the employees were kind. I will most definitely visit again. The  manager had amazing service! He suggested many different opinions. I would definitely eat there again.
"Wish we could give this more stars!!! Wow. 
Bright, inviting decor. Super friendly staff- owner is very kind and happy to answer any questions and offer suggestions. 
Now to the star of the show.... the food!!!! 
Wowowowowowow. Probably the best chicken we've ever had. Moist, tender, grilled perfectly and the FLAVOR-- the sauces. I could drink them. Exceptional. Even the sides were heavenly. All in all, we should've gotten more chicken because by the time we finished we were wanting more. It was that good. We will definitely be back! 
Do not sleep on this place!"
"Visited for the first time yesterday. I will be coming back.

First of all, the people working there are very nice and accommodating. They patiently walk you through the menu, if you have any questions on the items. And you can see them cooking everything out front. Very transparent and open about what they do.

Food was great, no complaints. I ordered a 1/4 chicken (chose the garlic sauce) with two sides. Next time, I'll probably do a 1/2 chicken with one side. Chicken was juicy. And the sides were a little small, in my opinion. That's why I'd order more chicken than sides next time.

I respect what these people make, especially after seeing how honest and transparent they were."
"Only open 3 months. Watch them grill & baste your chicken with the sauce you chose.

We got Spicy Chicken Sandwiches. It comes not-spicy and you choose level of spice from 6 sauces. I'd add a bit more lettuce; very simple (would be GREAT for kids) but delicious grilled sandwich (even  the bun!) We tried grilled corn & (from scratch!) mashed potatoes - both were delicious! 

Javad was friendly & very welcoming, explaining how best to order & offering suggestions and opinions on the sauces.

He checked on us during the meal to be sure we had what we needed. 

I love the natural sodas offered, too - tasty, unique flavors! Stubborn Soda!

I only gave 4 stars because I didn't try the main offering (the whole grilled chickens). I WILL return & update review based on that."
"If you're a fan of Nando's, you'll LOVE Tio Pepe. The chicken is phenomenal and full of flavor. Their ""hot"" sauce is my favorite. The chicken is juicy and far from dry, and the prices are reasonable. Their mashed potatoes are to die for! To top it off, the owner is extremely friendly. We will definitely be coming back."
I stopped in for lunch and I  cant wait until I return. I went in with no expectations, but I was greeted as soon as I wake in the door and the person behind the counter explained the menu to me and I didn't feel rushed to make a decision. I ordered the 1/4th  chicken with mashed potatoes. Now I normally get a thigh and leg but I decided to get breast and wing....and that was the juiciest breast I have ever had it was not dried out nor under cooked and the mash potatoes were actually potatoes that were mashed!! I cant wait to go back again..
Tio Pepe's is hands down my favorite peri peri place I've ever been to. I've lived in two cities with Nando's in the past and frequented then, but always felt there was something missing from the food. Tio Pepe's fills that void and then some! So much bang for your buck and the sauces are delicious. I'm hooked!
AMAZING CHICKEN. Tried the whole chicken with my wife. She got the lemon herb and I got the Hot flavor. Amazing, food was cooked to perfection. Got greeted by Pepe the owner and his wife which just enhanced the experience. Great people that walked us through the menu and house favorites. Will definitely be coming back. Hidden place with treasures inside.
This place is fantastic! Love the atmosphere and very clean. I was greeted right away by the manager Javad. He was very friendly and explained the entire menu thoroughly including the history of the sauce. It was my first time in and he suggested the 1/4 chicken which was amazing! I also got the grilled vegetables and they were cooked to perfection and very tasty. The manager also noticed a tattoo I have on my wrist from New Mexico which I had gotten for my brother who had passed away. His son was born in New Mexico so it was nice to make a little connection. However, I was not expecting his generosity and kindness which you don't find too much now a days. He brought me a plate of the delicious cheese on the menu! Totally made my day. I live over an hour away but I will be sure to hit this spot up when I'm back in Austin!
"Very casual comfortable place to grab a bite. The place is very clean, food exquisite, presentation very good. Wine terrific, especially the red. The sauces are incredible. I even bought two to take home. Owner takes great care in the details and authentically cares.
It's not been open long, but you must give it a try.
It's not a romantic place, but a great gathering place to celebrate birthdays or other special events.
I highly recommend it!"
"THIS IS THE BEST CHICKEN IN AUSTIN!
Seriously, I've never had such juicy and tender roasted chicken in this town. And the peri peri sauce!!! you could put that sauce on a flip-flop!
We like the medium sauce on the chicken, then dip it in the hot and garlic.. I wish i wasn't full so I could eat more"
The chicken was perfect. The lemon herb season was very delicious.  The grilled veggies were the right complement to the chicken. The service was fantastic. I will be back.
This place is SO good! The wings are especially delicious and I have never had a bad thing from the menu. The staff is also very friendly and helpful. Cannot say enough great things about it!!!
"Snagged this dodge rogger fox trot on a 10.9er. Crushed 
 Seriously tho this place has great chicken"
"My friend (Jacob) and I visited Tio Pepe for lunch on a Monday.

Vegetables: Jacob 8.5/10 Aaron 7/10. Nice seasoning, we both liked the lemon juice (cleansed the palate a bit), well cooked (tender but not soggy). Good portion as well. There may have been a very slight bitter aftertaste to some of the broccoli, perhaps due to the lemon.

Chicken: 9/10. Medium sauce was pretty spicy already, but I liked it a lot. Jacob got Medium and I got Lemon Herb, but we ended up trying all the sauce combinations except Extra Hot and Mild. Meat was very tender and juicy throughout. We could taste the seasoning in all of the skin *and* meat, unlike some places where it only sits on the outer surface of the chicken. We obliterated half a chicken each, and it was well worth it.

Service and Locale: 9/10 everyone was super friendly and welcoming, and we got a student discount without asking! Our servers really sold the different menu items to us, everyone working there shared a certain camaraderie, and the customers left satisfied. Location is next to I-35, there's usually ample parking space, and the interior is cozy and colorful.

Overall: 5/5. Satisfying meal with incredibly cooked chicken and friendly waitstaff. Will definitely come again."
"I was addicted to the garlic sauce once I tried it! I was dining with my friends (i'm vegetarian) and was very impressed with the hummus and roasted veggies! Seriously... that garlic sauce tho... ;) 

The gentleman (who I believe was the Manager) greeted us with a smile and filled us in on the Portuguese menu. 

+Clean
+New
+Different
+Fast 

I'm going back for the sauce!"
"This chicken is sooooo good!  And prices are very reasonable, wife and I decided to split a whole chicken and take the remaining half home to eat later. Whelp......the chicken was so good we couldn't stop. Barely a quarter left. We were stuffed. We ordered the chicken half garlic and half hot.   The only thing better than the chicken, was the service!  Owners are so friendly, and they *care* about their food! 
 
I predict Tio Pepe will be the next great Austin eatery! Get it now!"
Tio Pepe's is awesome! When we got there, the owner welcomed us and even offered suggestions as to what to try and how much to order (we were with a group of 7). I'm a huge fan of Nando's (they hardly have any here in the US), but the fact that Tio Pepe's is so similar, makes me extremely happy! The Hot sauce is my favorite and the rice abd mashed potatoes were amazing. If you can, try EVERYTHING. I'll definitely be back!
"If your looking for a flavor spin on chicken and like a little heat, I would definitely recommend Tio Pepe's. The Portuguese fire grilled chicken, or Peri-Peri Chicken was very moist and spicy :) Tio Pepe's is a casual eatery in the up and coming Linc shopping center, and it's on the opposite side of Easy Tiger (we had a little trouble finding it). Their set-up is relatively simple, from either choosing the 1/4, 1/2, or whole bird with 1 or 2 sides, and other menu items like wings or salads. You then choose what Peri-Peri sauce you would like your chicken basted with, I chose the ""Hot"" sauce. Then you can try the other sauces at the drink station, the Garlic sauce was amazing! When we came for lunch, I got the 1/4 chicken and 1 side for $9. I would say I was a little disappointed with the roasted vegetables, they were just blah, salt and pepper seasoned roasted vegetables. But, when I return, I'll probably try the salad side or corn, I saw others enjoyed the corn."
"Wow! Just WOW! What more can you ask for: friendly service, clean establishment, spotless restrooms and AMAZING FOOD! We shared the whole chicken and it was an explosion of flavor! 

This place not only met all of our needs but exceeded our expectations. 

We were close by due to the Tesla charging station and wanted to get a bite to eat. This place has 5 stars and we can taste why. 

We have also been keto for over a year now and it's extremely keto friendly! None of the sauces have any sugar and the sides we got were the vegetables and the salad. The vegetables were flavored with olive oil, lemon juice and garlic. 

If you're hungry have a Tesla and keto then this is the place for you. 

Even Tio ""Pepe"" himself came out to ensure we had an amazing meal! 

If I could give 10 stars I would. 
#keto #friendly"
"The chicken was outstanding. Took all sorts of time answering my nit picky questions. I would recommend the chicken to anyone, it's stellar. 

The veggies were underwhelming but let's be honest, not why I come here. Maybe cook them through a bit more. 

Come for the chicken, worth it.

The person I was with thought the chicken salad was just ok. To all out and get the big chicken."
"Tio PePe is a MUST TRY! I came with my mother and brother and we were greeted the moment we walked through the door. We reviewed the menu, which is not overwhelming and that's a plus, and decided we'd try the whole chicken with lemon herb and medium with cilantro rice, mashed potatoes and fries. 

I loved the presentation of our meal, but not only did it look good but it tasted GREAT! The flavors were there and chicken was extremely moist and juicy! Everything tasted fresh and homemade. Although, we ordered lemon herb and medium for our chicken, I ended up also trying garlic and extra hot...both delicious but I think the garlic was my favorite.

We met PePe and he shared with us how the restaurant came about. He's very nice and welcoming.

I wish this place much success because PePe is whipping up some really good food. I'll definitely be back during my next visit to Austin. 

PS: The Tres Leches is perfect!"
Excellent. Fresh and delicious. We had the wings, croquettes, 1/4 chicken, cake and flan. Everything was great and the service was friendly and fast. Can't wait to go again.
Everything was amazing! Loved the chicken and the sides. Went with a party of seven and ordered two whole chickens and four sides. Plenty of food and everyone was raving about how good it was. Trying the different sauces on the side allows you to find the flavor and heat level that you like. Pepe came over and introduced himself and gave us some free desserts. The flan and key lime pie are delicious.
Delicious and flavorful. Great management and service. Don't miss the roasted vegetables as they are fantastic. Can't go wrong with any flavor they have for sauce.
It was my first time, I was a little nervous because I didn't want a whole chicken nor a half a chicken and Pepe made  it possible for me to get the piece of chicken I wanted and it was awesome! Everything the roasted vegetables, the corn on the cob, and the cilantro rice was a  one and zero !!
What a great concept! A delicious feast. We got two full chickens with the jocoque and roasted veggies. We tried all the sauces too. Every single one of them was great but the garlic sauce was so good we bought some to take home. Great atmosphere and some of the nicest staff I've ever been served by. Definitely try this place.
Staff told me I was the first person to call in an order for pick up!!! Amazing chicken! My wife had the chick caesar salad and I had the spicy chicken burger, both of which were delicious. The fries were the perfect amount of crunchy on the outside and potato-y on the inside! Highly recommend the lemon herb sauce! We'll definitely be back!
"Just tried this place for the first time with my husband and daughter and we each ordered something different. We all LOVED our meals. The chicken was very fresh and so were the sides. The staff was extremely friendly and even suggested some items since it was our first time. Will definitely be returning so we can try more sauces. 
Try the chicken croquettes!! Only $5 during happy hour!"
"We found this place using Yelp during our visit to Austin. The food, atmosphere, and the staff stood above my expectations as a very picky person. The quality of the food is awesome. It's a very clean place as well. The server does a great job asking the customers at their table if they need anything, although it's a pay first type of a restaurant. An important side note that they don't use many disposable things (no plastic cutlery), which makes them a good choice for environmentally cautious people as well. Wish they get rid of the plastic straws as well. 

Overall happy. Will come back again."
"Really like this place. Great food, nice staff, casual atmosphere, inexpensive. 
First impression walking in: small, intimate, immaculately clean. The owner greeted us warmly and explained how they make their chicken and the sauces. On his recommendation, we got the whole chicken and a couple of sides to eat family style. The chicken was grilled, perfectly done and not dry or charred. Even the mild sauce is very flavorful and has a little bit of a bite. The medium will get a little sweat going, the extra hot is not for the faint of heart. The grilled broccoli and cauliflower was great, fresh and crisp. My 9 year old daughter, who hates everything that isn't a hamburger or chicken nuggets, loved the food. The staff was attentive and very kind. This was a nice casual dinner with the family. It would also make for a good work lunch. Will definitely return."
This is quality! Nice environment, friendly staff, delicious slightly charred chicken with excellent flavor.
Chicken is tasty and it is cool how they offer you the choice of 8 + sauces which is added onto the meat prior to throwing it on the grill. I also enjoyed the fresh roasted veggies. The Caesar is decent enough but did not seem to have enough anchovy/garlicky flavor for my palate. I also prefer chicken skin to come out crispy all over. Here, it was only crispy in a few places. This is a convenient spot for the area but I won't go out of my way. The servers were all super friendly and attentive.
The peri peri wings are fantastic. Went medium spice and it was definitely spicy. I'm not a wimp on hot food either. Can't imagine their extra hot.
"i had no idea what peri peri sauce was until i tried it! :) Yum!!! It's kind of like wing sauce, but with even more flavors. Very unique in Austin! 

This place is cute, great design and super duper clean and welcoming. 

It's a chicken lovers paradise, and you can order individually or family style--!!!

Service was very warm and friendly, the manager was great helped me find a vegetarian plate for me and my kids! They loved it too!"
This place is so great!!! I have been waiting for a peri-peri ESTABLISHMENT to bank on, and here it is. Staff is very helpful and the dessert is also very rad. 5 STARS!
"Went to Tio Pepe's in March but forgot to come and write a review here. When I went, it seemed like very few people knew about it since the owner asked us how we know about the place. I went there hoping to find something similar to Nandos back home in Bangladesh. I was sure it wouldn't come close to Nandos and it will be some other sort of peri peri chicken. I was pleasantly surprised how it was even better than what I used to have back home!

The corn on the cob and the fries were delicious! SO GOOD! The whole chicken was really juicy and well marinated. Loved their sauces too. 

Overall loved eating at Tio Pepe will visit again!"
Behold the one and only Portuguese chicken restaurant in town! My son and I absolutely love it here! Everyone's so warm and friendly. Pepe the owner and Javad the OM are really nice guys they would always check on you and your food. Service is very efficient. Restaurant overall is clean. I love their lemon pepper sauce! I only eat white meat and white meat has a reputation of being dry. That's not the case here. Their chicken is moist and juicy. Who needs Nando's if you have Tio Pepe's in Austin? Hope you guys open a branch somewhere north! More power to you guys!
Don't walk, RUN here! I read all the Yelp reviews and was easily convinced that Tio's was worth the short drive over from the office for a late lunch. For any other low carb eaters, you know you can't beat grilled chicken and a Caesar's salad minus the croutons....which is exactly what I ordered. 1/2 chicken, hot (sauce flavor). The place wasn't busy so my salad and chicken came out very quickly. Chicken was straight off the grill so while it cooled down I dig into the perfectly hand prepared Caesar's salad. They have the bottles of flavored sauces available so I grabbed the Extra Hot and Garlic and mixed a little concoction. Be prepared to get your hands messy but let me tell you, IT'S worth it!! The chicken was most, the hot sauce was great and mixed with my little sauce mix, it was even better. Very happy I found them (thanks Yelpers!) and I'll be back!!
The food was very good!! I had the garlic based Portuguese style chicken with mash-potatoes. They both had really good flavor.  I also sampled the hot sauce which was nice and spicy.  The staff was friendly and engaged to make sure the order was right.  They have some beer and wine along with a good dessert menu available.  This is casual order at the counter service and sit restaurant; food was served very quick after the order.  I will definitely return for more!
"Ambience - small open dining room with walk up counter and a very vibrant atmosphere.  The lighting is wonderful due to the windows and the main colors being white with a green wall made up of plant life. There is a few tables outside if you wish to be outside but the inside feels very nice.  The counter were you order is also the kitchen as well so you can she some of what is going on

Menu - The main focus here is Portuguese style chicken with Peri Peri sauce.  I dont know what that is but meh.  Anyways the menu is very small and focuses on how much of a chicken you want really.  They do have a few apps, desserts and salads but the focus is on the whole chicken.  You can get anywhere from 1/4 all the way to a whole chicken.  They you choose what kind of sauce you want on the chicken and what side.  The sides are limited as well but thats ok.  This is a very straightforward and simple menu.

Service - Service here was really good.  The cashier was very friendly and seemed genuine.  He made the idle banter of how things going and so on, so that was a plus.  When they brought my food out, the gentleman that brought went out of his way to bring me more of the sauce and a knife.  He then later came by and asked how things were and made sure everything was good.  He seemed a little nervous about asking how my food was but at least he made the gesture and went of his way to help me out.  And i was glad he brought me more of the sauce as well.  So the service was great, friendly and very helpful.

Food - Well when in rome, get the 1/2 chicken with 2 sides and the medium sauce.  Not knowing how hot Portuguese sauces are i went for the middle ground.  For my sides i got fries and good ole corn on the cob.  Yeehaw! My food comes out looking amazing as ever.  This was a nice sized chicken in front of me.  I was very surprised and pleased with my selection.  The chicken was slathered in medium sauce (yeah thats the name, medium sauce) and smelled oh so good.  I felt like a king in the ancient times siting upon a throne about to devour the daily sacrifice. Lol, anyways.  The sides were good, what one would expect from fries and corn on the cob.  Good ole fashion stuck corn in my teeth.  So the main star is obviously the chicken.  And i was not disappointed, this was an awesome chicken.  So the sauce was medium but it actually carried quite the punch, it was very good.  It almost tasted like Franks Red Hot but with more flavor and a little more burn.  The chicken was cooked perfectly, i knew found a dry part of the bird.  That is very impressive since cooking chicken can be finicky. The skin which is obviously one of the best parts was delicious and paired well with the sauce.  Every part of the chicken had a great flavor and you could taste seasoning and sauce in almost every bite, even the parts that deep down in the heart of the beast.  The chicken meat was juicy, plump and cooked well.  Definitely get extra sauce with your meal.  Because basically all chicken tastes the same but adding the sauce to each bite was awesome.  I really enjoyed the sauce, gave some great flavor and packed a nice heat level.  I honestly didnt think i would finish the whole bird but it was so good that i shoveled it all down my throat.  I felt almost embarrassed if not completely disgusting after devouring chicken like that.  I mean i was all hands in and sucking every bit of flesh off this bird.  I now know how a zombie would feel when eating its victim.  It looked basically the same way.  As i stared at the bones of my victim i couldnt help but think......damn that was good.  I dont think i have ever been so aggressive with my food in my entire life.  But it was just so good that i wanted more.  Anyways, the chicken was awesome.  Cooked perfectly, juicy and flavorful and no dry spots.  

Overall -  Even thou i left disgusted at myself for the way i just ate and treated that dead carcass, i was a very happy camper.  The food was great, service was great and the whole experience was great.  Even thou the menu is very basic, they at least do what they know very well.  The pricing is a bit high but it was half a chicken. I am looking forward to trying the hot and seeing how how hot it really is."
"From my first trip I knew I liked the staff, the chicken sandwiches (great for kids!) and the sauces/drinks -- I was finally able to try the WHOLE chicken!  It was everything Javad said it would be. It was perfectly cooked, well-basted with my choice of ""heat"" sauce and SO juicy I needed extra napkins!  I'll DEFINITELY be back!

And there were plenty of left-over chicken -- it was as great the next day, too! ;)
Thank you, Javad!"
So happy to have great Peri Peri chicken in Austin. All the food was fresh and delicious. The service was excellent and we all enjoyed the food. The garlic flavor mixed with the medium sauce was our favorite. Great restaurant with delicious food. Looking forward to coming back soon.
I work across the street. Been here ten times. Always good. Excellent customer service , dining soundtrack . They recommended garlic peri peri then first time and I've stuck with that . Good HEALTHY food!!! Go with roasted veggies and mashed potatoes. Rice and corn were not as good .
"Had a great experience at Tio Pepe! 
Ordered the hummus with pita and the garlic chicken Cesar salad. Both were delicious! Great option for trying to eat healthy too :) we will definitely be back!"
My family and I had the two whole chicken meal and it was delicious! We tried lemon herb, garlic, mild, and medium and all the sauces were exquisite. The owner is friendly and gave us great service. Definitely coming back here.
"Great sauce and friendly staff, chicken is flame grilled behind the register.  I recommend the garlic sauce.  Also had grilled corn on the cob.  It was fresh but would have liked butter with it.  To be fair, the chicken had my focus so the corn was sort of an after thought to me and i didn't ask for butter; they would surely produce it if asked.  

The flan had a nice custard base but I would have liked more caramel to add that saltiness to complement the sweet.  Really good value, the prices are low for the quality of food, but probably spot on for the ambiance. 

I will definitely be back and bring others!"
Great inexpensive quick and healthy food, either for dine in or take out.  I love the spicy sauce on the peri peri chocked and grilled corn.
The food is amazing and the team is incredibly friendly. The manager shook my hand and personally welcomed me. I tried the Garlic, Lemon Herb, and Medium sauces...they did not disappoint!  The cilantro rice and mashed potatoes are good too!
Super tasty new spot in the neighborhood! I love roast chicken and this hit the spot! I loved the addition of the roasted vegetables. The chicken was super tender and tasty. I also splurged and got the Tres Leches cake which was amazing! This is a really good spot for an affordable and healthy meal. I definitely will be keeping this in the rotation. The owner was also super nice and friendly. Service was quick and easy. Great spot!
Awesome flavor!! What can I say Tio Pepe Chicken has it all from the awesome home recipe of theirs cilantro rice to the chicken.  The chicken is a moist flavorful and above all cooked to perfection.  The staff was very inquisitive and welcoming, made me feel at home. I would highly recommend this place and enjoy some food!
"Great first experience here - the chicken was delicious and it's nice that they let you marinate each half chicken in a different sauce. We got the 2 chicken combo w/ 4 sides so we could get a sampling of quite a bit. The sauces were all good (got the garlic, lemon pepper, medium and hot), though the hot was the table's favorite. We got the roasted veggies which were good, Caesar salad which was pretty typical, corn (delicious), and French fries which were also pretty standard. We also liked how there were individual bottles of sauce that you could also put/dip onto the chicken itself.

The staff were all friendly and helpful and really rushing around trying to accommodate everyone/clean the tables. I definitely think that they'll need a bigger space soon -- definitely recommend and definitely will be back!"
"Popped in for some chicken Peri Peri style and was not disappointed.  Sauce was great and the chicken was grilled to perfection.  Mashed potatoes were perfectly seasoned and a delightful mix of smooth and lumpy at the same time!

What really sent my experience over the top was the friendly and attentive staff.  Especially the tall bearded gentleman (I think he is a manager.)  He was intent on making sure I was well taken care of, and kept my root beer full the whole time....  and the Root Beer, oh brother!  I'm a connoisseur of root beers and Two Pepe has some dynamite root beer on draft.  I also spotted some other interesting flavors on the fountain like Pineapple Cream Soda.  I'll have to go back for that one.

There's lots o good chicken joints in town, but with unique sauces and beverages and friendly hospitality, Too Pepe's will become one of my new Go-To's

You should go... too"
One of the best chicken spots in town. They have a great chicken selection and fantastic sides. Plus plenty of delicious sauces. The atmosphere is inviting and relaxing. Not to mention the staff and service. These guys go above and beyond for their customers. Highly recommend this place. THEY ARE CASH ONLY.
Authentic peri peri style chicken dishes. We were very happy with the quality of food, service and ambience. The dark meat we tried was very moist and well seasoned with a generous portion of sides and a variety of sauces. They also offer excellent dessert options. This what Austin was missing
The reviews don't lie - they truly know what they're doing here! A nice casual dining experience with excellent customer service. The chicken is tender, fall off the bone, and excellently flavored. If you enjoy your sauce, you can even take a bottle home with you. Excited to eventually try them all!
Wow! Gluten free / weight watchers delight. Delicious chicken and grilled veggies. The flavor is so intense you missed nothing. I'm pretty sure they wouldn't advertise as being a weight watchers friendly place but I can tell you right now I had the most amazing three point meal.
First time here. Omg its soo good! Ordered half a chicken with the garlic. Also tried a bunch of other sauces. Yum! I like the option of roasted veggies as a side especially i have recently been put on a restricted diet. I will definitely be coming back more often!
Amazing sauce but wish they grilled the chicken to order. They had the chicken precooked and threw it on the grill to reheat it and baste it with the sauce
Casual atmosphere. They've got great friendly service. The chicken is outstanding! The peri peri medium spice chicken is juicy and packed with flavor. The crispy skin is a great touch. The garlic sauce was very good as well. The fries and veggie sides are tasty as well. Good assortment of drinks as well. Great food for the price.
Nice little spot for some really good grilled chicken. Staff is helpful. Had the 1/4-chicken with Cilantro rice. #Delish with the Garlic sauce. My only issue is the soda. Specifically, the Root Beer. Too sweet! Other than that, really good spot.
"My husband and his friends ate at Tio Pepe Chicken the other day and told me about how great the food was, so I had to check it out for myself. I've tried Nandos Peri Peri in the past and Tio Pepe is better than Nandos. Yes, I said it. The best thing about this place is they offer halal chicken options. They buy their halal chicken at restaurant depot. I called in my order and by the time I arrived (15 min later), my food was hot, grilled and ready. I had the spicy chicken sandwich (medium sauce), corn on the cob and mashed potatoes. I ate some there and finished the rest at my desk at work. Everything was delicious. I haven't had a chicken sandwich that juicy/flavorful in ages. They do add an additional $2 for halal chicken, which is okay with me since there aren't other halal Portuguese food options in Austin.  They also had a variety of sauces to put on chicken.

Some things I would like to see (which I think would attract more patrons): 1. Halal certificate visibly hung up for customers to see 2. Halal sign on menu/website. 

This place is not too far from my office, I will definitely be back."
"The food is delicious, fresh and healthy!!

Fire grilled chicken!! Sooo good!! 

I told Giovanni, the manager, it was our first time even trying Portuguese food, and also at Pepe's. He was very kind and offered to make some recommendations. They put your preferences sauce on chicken and fresh grill it right there!

We had the grilled quarter white chicken, roasted vegetables and a Mediterranean salad. 

You have an option of 6 different sauces:
Very Hot; 
Hot; 
Medium (similar to buffalo style);
Lemon Herb;
Garlic;
Mild. 

I ordered the chicken with the lemon herb sauce, which is delicious. They also have bottles of all the sauces you can bring to you table to try. I tried the Medium with mine and loved it!!

The roasted veggies were delicious, and the Mediterranean salad had a delicious lemon/olive oil dressing. 

I also love that they have the Stubborn sodas. 

I feel so grateful for the previous reviews that helped me decide to try this place! 

The only thing that could make this better is if there was another location in Georgetown!!

I highly recommend this place, you won't be disappointed!"
Wanted to try something new for lunch and glad I did. The food is delicious and the service was excellent. I will definitely be back!
Great small business. Friendly service and consistently good food. This is the best restaurant at the Linc center. Tio Pepe is a hidden gem that deserves praise.
Very good sauces make the meal.  They made a small mistake on our meals and were very professional at correcting it gave us drinks , appetizers and Desert on the house and it wasn't even that big of a mistake will definitely come here again.
"Found this place while searching for something similar to Nando's (a peri peri chicken place we ate while in London)! My husband and I shared the whole chicken and two sides. The presentation alone was mouth watering. My initial statement ""were definitely going to have left overs."" After 15 minutes of silence, we had pretty much licked the plate clean. Needless to say we WILL be going back and it definitely exceeded expectations!"
Super cool atmosphere! The owner Pepe greeted us as it was our first time visiting. The food was amazing and the drinks even had a flare. Pineapple cream soda.... yum. Very easily my new favorite place to go in Austin!
We were going to go to another place nearby and the wait was very long so we gave Tio Pepe a try. I'm so glad we did! We liked everything we ordered and the service was amazing! It's counter service for ordering and then they bring the food to the table. Multiple staff members stopped by to make sure everything was good. I highly recommend the garlic sauce but we had a few different ones and they were all good. We will definitely be back!
Coming from South Africa, this place is amazing. Maria and her mom where amazing. They made us feel at home. The chicken in my opinion was better that Nandos. So good we went twice in 24hrs. Highly recommend.
I seriously love this place!! Their sauces are to die for and their service is top notch. I highly recommend it!
Grabbed dinner at this restaurant this past week with a couple of friends and was impressed with the service along with the various choices to choose from. I'm definitely a fan of spicy food, but played it safe with the medium flavor on the chicken, but will probably get the spicier sauce next time. Definitely recommend their mashed potatoes with chives as a side as well. Be prepared to come in with an appetite as well because their portions are huge!
Just got done eating a half chicken with a healthy side of perfectly cooked broccoli and cauliflower. The basting is amazing and the extra sauce is real deal peri peri! The price is on point and they are really friendly and Pepe the owner is also rad!
This is easily the best tasting chicken in Austin. I used to go to pluckers often to get my wing fix however after about a year i realized how unhealthy the wings and sauces are. After taking a break from PL, I discovered Tio Pepe's Chicken nd not only is the food grilled in front of you and the sauces having a new but familiar taste, having roasted vegetables as a side with the grilled chicken is phenomenal. 10/10 taking all my friends here for know on!
"Best grilled chicken in town! Choice of 6 sauces from mild to extra hot. Family-run business is very welcoming. 

They sell the sauce by the bottle, we have some at home now, too. Also check out the sides (grilled corn) appetizers (hummus w grilled pita) and desserts. Yummy tres leches cake. 

Seriously, very few places will offer fresh grilled chicken that is not greasy. They brine it, which is the best way to prepare moist chicken that isn't greasy from fake injected oils. 

This is an unassuming storefront but don't be turned off by the simplicity, the food here is great!"
Legit chicken, legit sauce, legit sides! Everything was delicious and fresh tasting! Will def be back for more peri peri sauce!!!
Excellent chicken and sauces, especially the garlic sauce. Enjoyed the tres leches cake very much!
Great chicken,  and what a bonus to have really good wine at a very reasonable price with their all- day happy hour.  There is pride shown in this simple meal and great service.
Juicy grilled chicken, fresh veggies. Great delicious healthy meal. And Pepe is a charming host.
"Everyone - even the preschooler - loved this food! The owner was courteous and very helpful. He let us sample the sauce to make certain it wouldn't be too spicy for the kiddo. The garlic flavor sauce was delicious and had the right balance of heat, flavor, and vinegar to really sing on the chicken. I mixed it with a bit of the medium to dunk the chicken in because I prefer more heat and there's much more spicy flavors for the more adventurous! 

I recommend the whole chicken with two sides (we tried the potatoes and caesar salad, both were very good) to feed about 3-4 adults depending on appetite. Also, the deserts were very tasty as well.

Really, I don't think you can go wrong here! 10/10 we'll be back soon."
The restaurant is small and quaint but the flavors are not.   There are a variety of flavors and heat levels.  The spice is good, not the kind that hurts, but the kind that lingers on the taste buds and allows you to savor.  There is a small variety, mostly just chicken, but it's good and tasty.  Definitely a good alternative to fast food chicken!
Delicious!! The chicken is so great I usually get the spicy chicken burger w/ cheese and it hits the spot every time. All of their sauces are amazing if you are having a hard time choosing. And they have some great sides as well I really like the mashed potatoes.
"First timer. 
This is probably one of kind restaurant in ATX, I may possibly say in TX. The space I will describe it as sophisticated for a retail storefront, cozy and very vibrant. 
I had half chicken with mash potatoes with IPA

The chicken- juicy, crispy on the outside and very flavorful, I will have to say the sauce is beyond the expectations I had. Hats off to the chef at the grill (perfect burnt-marks on the chicken)

The Mash potatoes - simple, rich and addictive!! 

The very owner PEPE! was present all the time; greeting, explaining the menu and helping the kitchen - talk about real costumer service! 

I will definitely stop by again!"
This was delicious and the staff was incredibly friendly! I had the lemon herb chicken breast with corn and mashed potatoes. I dipped a lot of my dinner into the garlic sauce, which was also delicious. We also LOVED the tres leches cake. We plan to add this into our regular dinner rotation.
The service is amazing! The people who work they're really nice and make great conversation! I split the half chicken with a friend and got garlic sauce with roasted corn. Everything tasted great, definitely will be going back!
"Tons of raving reviews about this place and I must concur with the masses: Tio Pepe Chicken is extraordinary.

Ambiance wise, its a very hip, modern space that would be great for date night or just if you wanted to catch up with someone. Not the greatest for large groups, but its a cheerful, well lit place if you want to attempt that.

Food wise, some of the best chicken you'll eat in Austin. The chicken is moist, flavorful and nowhere near dry. The peri peri sauces are all laid on for you to try, so I would recommend getting your chicken basted with mild/medium and then dipping to mix and match. Personally I liked the medium the best out of all the sauces while my wife liked the lemon pepper. Garlic is a tad strong. The hot also means serious business so keep that in mind if you want to go that route. Medium is the best of all worlds I think.

Side game here is really strong too. I personally really liked the cilantro rice - very flavorful, colorful grains with some corn for color and textural pop. The roasted veggies complete a healthy meal.

The service is also top notch as they make sure you are well taken care of, from ordering, to suggestions to clean up. 

Great place and can't wait to come back again!"
Great flavors. Friendly staff. They are a bit stingy on the sides. The menu says sides serve 3-4 people. We got more like servings for 2 ppl. We had to order more sides for the 4 of us in our group. It was a little overpriced for what we got.
Portuguese cooking of organic grilled chicken with five different flavors to pick from plus great sides-wow wish we had this up in Fort Worth because not only was the food good the service was outstanding and these two guys represent the skill of customer service-you need to go
"So I just had my first experience with Tio Pepe Chicken yesterday. It was a happy accident as my cousin and I were driving in the neighborhood googling ""restaurants near me"" and it popped up. We'd never had it before and we wanted to try something new. 

Not only did all the food melt in your mouth, but the employees are really fantastic. I loved it so much I went back TODAY. Not sure who the owner is or if he/she was there, but they all seem like they could be the owner because of how they treat you, how they know the food, how they give great suggestions and even free sample sips of their wine. Yesterday I shared the 1/2 chicken (medium hot) with mash potatoes and the rice, hummus with WARM, ROASTED pita bread and some lovely red wine. Today was 1/4 chicken (garlic) with the mash and corn. Nothing disappointed!! 

The establishment was clean and inviting. The music playing was super fun and appropriate for the cuisine served there. Made me love it more! 

I rarely go to the same restaurant 2 days in a row, but this place was totally worth it. I brought 3 of my students today and they loved it as well. This place has won my heart so much I may even go by and make it three days in a row!"
I'm addicted to this place. All of sauces are unbelievably good and very unique. I usually get the 1/2 chicken with the Hot peri-peri sauce and roasted veggies on the side. Then, I try all of the other sauces at the table while I'm eating (the Garlic sauce is so good on the veggies). They've grilled the chicken perfectly every time I've been there so far. Also, this place is perfect for anyone on a low carb diet, 0 carbs in their sauces. Highly recommend!
Wow! What an awesome place: sauces were out of control, chicken and the grill on the skin were on point, and the service was excellent! Pepe, the owner, was extremely friendly. We had the full chicken with half mild (for the kids) and half garlic, rice, veggies, and a yogurt appetizer that was good enough to put on a dirty shoe!
Food was okay and seemed overpriced. The chicken reminded me of the rotisserie ones you buy at the grocery store, but you will pay way more for it here.  I guess I'm more a brisket than roasted chicken guy.  The staff were very nice and helpful though.
Quicky review. Stopped in and ordered peri peri wings 4 count in medium hot sauce, chicken croquettes 4 count and a quarter chicken dark meat with lemon pepper seasoning. The peri peri wings we're good but could have use a bit more sauce or marinade. The quarter chicken was good but needed more seasoning and the chicken croquettes were fabulous, flavorful and creamy. I will go back but some dishes need more seasoning. Thank you and gotta run. Bye.
The chicken was so juicy and the sauces were amazing!!! Best part is that it can also be Keto friendly. The inside was all clean and ingredients tasted fresh. The staff and owner were as kind as can be and they helped us make a decision in ordering. I wish I knew about this place sooner, this is definitely worth a try.
"Drove by this restaurant daily on my way to work downtown and even saw one of my favorite food bloggers make a visit here so I had to definitely try it out! 

The owner is super nice and very helpful when ordering. I've been here twice with my family and we LOVE it. Tonight we ordered the whole chicken in a lemon herb flavor with 2 sides :  broccoli & cauliflower and cilantro rice. We even ordered a side of hummus with grilled pita. Again, the chicken was so moist and tender. Very flavorful. My daughters favorite is their fountain drinks! You have to get the root beer ! 

This will be a continued visit as we love the atmosphere, the music and the food!"
"Amazing and flavor filled chicken. Fantastic fries and even better people! The service is great. We happen to go on the night of there 1 year anniversary and were treated with a slice of tiramisu cake to help celebrate. We ordered the whole chicken w/ two flavors, fries and veggies and we ate all of it (there was only 2 of us)! I then went and ordered a half a chicken to-go to make chicken noodle soup with. 

Definitely worth trying while in Austin and if you live here, you will find yourself becoming a regular!"
My fiance and I have only gotten tio pepe's chicken for takeout but it has been so good every time!  The chicken is so moist and the sauces are just amazing.  We would recommend the mashed potatoes as a side, we tend to double up on the mashed potatoes because they're just so delicious!
This place is so good. The customer service is fantastic and the food is yum. We tried the chicken in both garlic and lemon, the chicken croquettes, jocoque, veggies and mashed potatoes. And polished it off with tres leches. (We left with a to-go box, of course). So glad this place was recommended to us and that we had the opportunity to go! Highly recommended.
I love this place. Spice on the chicken is on point, great quality.  Near my house great place for dinner.
Love it, love it,  love it. The service was A++ the chicken was most and delicious. You get to picked the sauce, we tried the garlic ( in our opinion the best) and the lemon herb. (Also yummy). We had cilantro rice... Oh God it was wonderful. The mashed potatoes and creamy, fluffy and a lovely bitter taste. The rosted vegetables were amazing. Everything was soo good. And of course pair it with the Doural wine!
"Lots of sauce

Lots of chicken

Mashed potatoes mashed potatoes

Forks are for the weak

Soda levers"
I wanted something different for lunch and had been wanting to try Tio Pepe's since it opened but kept forgetting about it. I ordered a 1/2 chicken with a ceasar salad as my side. I ordered online and they gave me a discount automatically since it was my first order. My order was ready on time and the food was delicious. I ordered my chicken with the lemon herb sauce. I loved it. The sauce was tangy and flavorful. The ceasar was very good - lots of parmesan, croutons, and tasty dressing. I will definitely be dining here again.
"Fall of the bone chicken this is oh my goodness good
Iots of sauces from mild to hot and grilled to perfection

The mashed potatoes are great and I really loved the grilled corn on the cob

For desert we had the Tres Leches cake to end our meal and will definitely. order it agsin"
We are visiting Austin and this spot was close by and sounded interesting! It was amazing- fresh, healthy choices. Deep flavors from the peri- peri sauce options & excellent service. Love the logo, too! Tio Pepe is a great addition to this area, wish we lived here!
Very friendly staff, super delicious chicken, and most importantly, seriously tasty hot sauce. I ate way more than I had planned to walking in. Zero regrets. Fav sauce: Hot. Medium very good on the fries though.
Amazing!! The chicken is cooked perfectly, and the rice & potatoes & salad are very flavorful and yummy! The red velvet cake was delectable with the right amount of sweetness. Pepe & the rest of the staff are very generous and friendly and really go out of their way to give you an excellent dining experience. Very cute atmosphere & decorations. Left feeling very stuffed and satisfied. 15/10 definitely recommend!!!!
I first tried this type of chicken in Chicago and I was so so happy to find a Perry Perry chicken here in Austin! Love it
"I was in the area and decided to stop by for lunch. The staff greeted me and took my order right away. I ordered the 1/4 chicken (white meat) plate with corn and roasted vegetables as my side. My sauce of choice was the ""Hot"" flavor but I did go on to add a generous amount of ""Extra Hot"" once my plate was served. The chicken itself was cooked wonderfully, fell right off the bone, and tasted delicious. The corn and roasted veggies complimented the dish very well and kept the meal very light and playful. After the main course I ordered a seasonal key lime cheesecake that was extremely tasty and not too tart. My one and only complaint about this visit is that, while the Hot sauce was packed with flavor, it lacked heat. The Extra Hot had no heat whatsoever and was not as flavorful as the Hot. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised with this visit and would happily come back."
"Tio Pepe had insanely good chicken as well as amazing staff. Had such a good experience here. You can see them make the chicken fresh right behind the counter, and the portion sizes are huge. There's a variety of sauces but my favorite was mild because it had a good smokey kick. It's a nice change of flavors from typical fried chicken, because it's flame grilled.

My friend and I shared a whole chicken and we were super full. It's feels healthier than many other places and the the owner is very kind and knows how to cook his stuff. Don't forget dessert. The tres leches was delicious and not overpoweringly sweet. Will come here again and again."
"Super friendly and attentive staff. Cute, casual, clean spot. Their chicken is grilled to order, which is really cool. The dark 1/4 was better than the wings. I didn't find the ""hot"" level sauce spicy. The flavor was a three for me, tenderness (dark meat) was a 4 and service was a five."
This place is so good, wow. The hummus had my taste buds dancing. Everything is made fresh and from scratch right there, however, SERVICE IS SO FAST! The vibe is also so chill. 100% recommend. Will go definitely go again.
I finally got the opportunity to try Tio Pepes!!! My fiance and I ordered the 1/2 chicken in Medium hot. That Medium hot had an actual kick to it, it was very delicious, I wish I could've left the restaurant with a bottle of it. The chicken itself was a tiny bit dry but that may be because I ate the breast and my fiance ate the leg. Usually the breast isn't as juicy. The rice needed a bit more seasoning, I had to put a lot of hot sauce to get any flavor out of it. I did however, enjoy that they put some corn in the rice:) I love corn on everything!! The roasted veggies were roasted to perfection, they weren't too burnt and they weren't too raw... they were perfectly charred and yummy! My fiance and I were the only ones in the restaurant on a Monday evening at around 6:30..... Overall, I recommend trying this place but it definitely isn't anything over the top which saddens me because of the many great reviews. I will try it again and let you know my thoughts after try #2.
I flew all the way from San Francisco to try the most acclaimed, most reviewed Portuguese restaurant in Austin. We came with a lucky group of five friends. We ordered everything from a full chicken, jocoque, mixed olives, croquettes, wings & everything was absolutely wonderful. Looking forward to my next visit!
"The hype is real. Nothing but amazing things to say. The chicken is the star of the show and the sides are incredible as well, but the customer service is something that gives this place an immensely genuine vibe. 

Will be back soon!"
This is so delicious, we will definitely come back!!  We had the whole chicken, veggies, wings, and a chicken breast.  The breast was moist and amazingly seasoned.
"Stopped by for lunch. The spicy chicken burger was delicious. I'm excited to try the different Peri Peri sauces they have available. The two I tried ""medium"" and ""hot"" were both very good. The food prep is right out in the open, which is nice, and the interior is modern and aesthetically pleasing. It's a good addition to the Linc, which is looking like it's going to get booming soon. Worth a shot. Will definitely eat here again."
Came here for the first time and everyone was super friendly and nice. We got the whole chicken with 2 different sauces... Javed was extremely helpful! He explained the menu and all the choices to us. We also got tres Leches cake and my bf loved it. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. Amazing food and service
My husband I went to Tio Pepe for lunch on a whim. The food was excellent and the plethora of sauces made my chicken breast delectable.  Excited to come by for a Happy Hour, their menu looked like a steal. Jivad gave an excellent level of service, attentive and efficient.
This is the first time we were at Tio Pepe Chicken and we loved their whole chicken. All the sauces were so delicious.
Simple, clean atmosphere. Pepe himself was working the register and sincerely wanted my feedback. It's not cheap ($16 for my 1/4 chicken with two sides), but the food was very well prepared, fresh, and healthy. I had the garlic PiriPiri on my chicken but tried the other sauces on my veggies. All were very good.
Friendly service. Great Peri Peri chicken cooked to order. Nice variety of sauces and spice levels to suit many taste buds. The yogurt app was really good as well.
"Wow!! Absolutely blown away by the entire experience I had here at tio Pepe's chicken! The food was BEYOND amazing! The chicken was perfectly cooked, the wings were delicious and the red velvet cake was to die for! I have no words to express the greatness of this place. It's a must have experience that everyone should just come and experience for themselves. All the sauces are amazing, AND you can buy a bottle of your favorite one for only $10!!! How amazing is that?! They have all day happy hour on their wines and other happy hour deals M-F from 3-6 pm. You can't go wrong with any selection you make! Stop by today and get yourself a 1/2 chicken plate (I personally recommend the lemon herb
). Pepe Garcia is an amazing owner running an amazing business. I'm glad I had the pleasure in talking to him. He took his time to make sure we had everything cooked to perfection, brought out his sauce selections to our table and double checked that everything was perfect for us! That's the type of owner you want to have, especially for making great first impressions! Enough jibber jabber, make sure to stop in next time you're driving by and enjoy yourself some Tio Pepe's Chicken!"
"Food- 5 out of 5. My family and I have been here 5 times in the past 6 weekends. My kids crave it. I crave it. The chicken is always fresh and perfectly cooked. There are 5 of us and we usually get 1.5 to 2 chickens. The sides are delicious too- we always get Caesar salad and fries. And dessert is a must- key lime pie is our favorite. However, Pepe gave us a sneak peek of a tiramisu he's rolling out and it is amazing. I can't wait until this hits the menu. 

Service - 5 out of 5. I don't think I've ever encountered a rude person here. Pepe is obviously really personable and friendly and takes a lot of pride in his workmanship. His employees are all friendly too and really quick to see how things are going and want to make our experience top-notch. 

We can't wait to go back! Please support this amazing business in ATX and help him expand. There are so many people missing out on this unbeatable chicken!!"
Holy wow. Y'all this place is NO JOKE. I found Tio Pepe's when they first opened and ever since then, I have ate there or ordered it Togo at least once a week. Every single thing on the menu is phenomenal. I recently tried the Caesar Salad and wow it was amazing. Highly recommend as one of the BEST places I've ate at in Austin.
"Definitely come and try!
 
Food: DELICIOUS, flavorful, very juicy chicken and great sauces. Tio Pepe is a hidden gem.
Service: Top notch! very attentive, super nice and friendly staff.

I highly recommend it. You won't be disappointed!"
This is hands down the best restaurant in the Linc and customer service is amazing! The restaurant is supper clean and food is even better! Y'all come try it out!
If you're in Austin and haven't been here you're missing out. The chicken was perfect, the sauces are flavorful, the value is insane and the staff are nice and super helpful. Check this place out. For real
"If you want consistently juicy grilled chicken, this is the place to go.

I have been here 2 times, and are still blown away by the quality of chicken and the variety of sauces. You can just grab a whole bottle and dunk your chicken with great flavors. 

The flan was delicious as well. 

Ample parking too, never have to worry about finding a spot here."
this place has amazing chicken!! overall, the service is great, the vibes are great, and the food is great!
This place is so good! Delicious food, friendly staff, and a fun atmosphere. I had a 1/4 chicken with lemon herb sauce with cilantro rice and veggies, and I scraped the plate clean.  I'll definitely be coming back.
LOST IN THE SAUCE  Pleasantly surprised would be an understatement. Everything, from the interactivity, menu design, interior, dish ware, all the way down to the food is a 10/10. Everything came out quick and fresh and tasted like home. So cool that Pepe works the front. He's so nice and you'd have to be a fool to not see the talent presented so elegantly here!! I hope Tio Pepe stays here forever. He looks really happy serving his gorgeous food. I can see this becoming a Texas staple.
"Where I even begin? Easily some of the BEST chicken I have had in Austin. The food is so good you will want to cry. Cry tears of pure joy!
Tonight I devoured a half chicken that Tio Pepe cooked himself, roasted veggies, mash potatoes that had to have been mashed by God himself and flan for dessert... I even went back for a second serving of veggies. I'm so mad I didn't get a full chicken and over eat tonight. Usually I hate myself for over eating but tonight I'm hating myself for not doing it. 

We met tio pepe as well! Very kind and super friendly. Smart man with a kick ass restaurant! 
BUEN TRABAJO AMIGO!"
Amazing food! Staff is very friendly and there for any of your needs! Very impressed with the flavor of the chicken. THE HUMMUS IS A MUST GET!
"First time. But not the last. Very tasty chicken that doesn't leave you feeling bad. The sauce flavors are great (tried almost all of them) and the sides are well-portioned and delicious. 

I hope they open more locations in the greater Austin area, because I'd absolutely frequent this place up in Round Rock."
"Staff was very friendly. 

I ordered the 1/4 dark chicken in lemon herb peri-peri sauce, which I assumed is supposed to be mild. I picked the side of roasted vegetables which consisted of broccoli and cauliflower with garlic, olive oil, and lemon juice.

I like that they put the chicken on the grill after you order it - no dry or old chicken here! The chicken was cooked all the way through, but somehow very moist - one of the moistest chicken I've ever had. No crispy grilled skin though - probably due to the chicken being basted in a wet sauce.

Pretty much all of the sauces are going to be spicy, including the mild. The lemon herb sauce which isn't as spicy as mild sauce, still leaves my mouth tingling. But at least it's bearable for me. For those more sensitive than I am, go mild, the lowest you can go.

The plates look more impressive the larger you go. Worth a return if you're going to splurge on the pricier items, for sure - come with a friend or two."
This is by far one of the best chicken preparations that I have eaten. The meat is really well cooked and the peri peri sauces are to die for. Our favorites were the Hot, Garlic and Lemon herb. The desserts are also great! Javaad took really good care of us and was very correous. Excellent food and great service.
Great workers and good customer service! The food is great , my first visit there was 10 out of 10 and I will say It it's the best chicken I've had in Austin. The fries are the best!
"Amazing appetizers and entrees!!!! We started our dinner with an order of wings and of jocoque, both delicious but I have to say the wings were my favorite with garlic sauce!! They were grilled perfectly!!! We then ordered a half chicken with fries and Cesar salad... everything was truley amazing, I definitely recommend the dark meat though!! Cannot rave enough about this place and I must say the customer service was really great, with the owner, Pepe, checking up on us and our food. I was so obsessed with the garlic sauce that I asked to buy one and I did. They even let me know that I could order more through their website and it would be shipped directly to my home!! 
I am definitely coming back!! 100% recommended!!"
Simply good food.  Great environment and good price.  Chicken was moist and tender.  Whatever spices they used for the roasted vegetables were on point.  Will return.
Wow!  The first mistake I made was only getting half a roasted chicken!  I probably could have eaten the whole bird.  My second mistake was being off carbs because the cilantro rice and mashed potatoes look amazing!  The chicken here is delicious.  I got the medium sauce which was delicious and used the lemon herb sauce to drizzle on my roasted veggies! (Keto friendly, I think!) My partner got the spicy chicken breast sandwich which was tender and juicy....fries were fresh hot and crispy.  Daughter (who is vegetarian) got the hummus app and a side of roasted corn.  Clean restaurant, friendly staff, and delicious food.
Excellent fare and service!  The staff is charming and gracious, the food is fresh and savory.  The menu is limited, but in my view that's its appeal.  No column upon column of assorted items, but just a few, centered upon the wonderful grilled chicken prepared fresh after your order, with sides that are a perfect complement. The interior of the restaurant is simple but comfortable, bright and clean.  One leaves this restaurant feeling refreshed and satisfied.  Most highly recommended.
A welcoming and efficient staff serving exceptionally good fare at very reasonable prices in a pleasant room.  What more could you want?
The food was good but it was 48 dollars for 3 people. Flavorful chicken, tasty fries and great roasted corn on the cobb.
"Amazing folks and even better chicken!!
Had peri peri chicken (hot) and it was wonderful 

Get over there now!!!!  All different flavors on their Portuguese style grilled chicken! Try them all and enjoy!!!"
Wow.  Finally tried this place and am so glad that I did.  Amazing!   The chicken a really tender and juicy, the sides were delicious and the sauce options were plentiful.   Quick and easy, nice staff and atmosphere, patio out front and right down the street from Easy Tiger.  Win win.  Will definitely be frequenting this place going forward!
If you like Inca Chicken, you'll love Tio Pepe. The chicken was great, especially the 6 different heat level options. If you're any type of cheese fan, you've gotta try the Jocoque. They also serve beer and wine. The side options were good, I had the mashed potatoes and my boo had the rice. The chicken was flavorful all they way through the last bite, not just the skin.
"Austin Version of Nando's quite possibly better! Finally checked out Tio Pepe and I loved every bite of it! I'll be back again and again because that chicken is to die for. 

Tried the medium peri peri today and got sides of the hot, garlic, and lemon pepper. All were delish and not too spicy!

Oh and get the fries as a side. Don't leave without them. They're perfectly cooked and this French fry lover knows her fries!

You can order a whole chicken to go if you want. They'll split into half and you can get a different sauce on each half. 

Loved the chocolate mousse also - which the GM sent out to us for free. It was not overly chocolatey sweet. Craveable for sure! 

Plenty of seating, a nice place for you and your family. You'll be as impressed as I was and will your next visit while you're there."
Everything I've had here is delicious. The chicken is juicy and perfectly seasoned and sauced, and I have never liked tres leches cake until I tried theirs, which was light and moist and melts in your mouth. Just wonderful.
"So much flavor!

If you've never had peri peri, do yourself a favor and GET SOME here! I don't have a complete understanding, but peri peri sauce is Portuguese in origin made from the African Bird's Eye chili. 

At Tio Pepe, you can choose a type of Peri Peri sauce to cook your chicken in, with the option to dip it (or other foods) in any of the other sauces. They have a mild, garlic, lemon-herb, medium, hot and extra hot sauce. 

If you don't like spicy food, fear not - the garlic, mild, and lemon herb are pretty reasonable. 

Healthy, fresh, reasonably priced, flavorful. Can't wait to go back!"
Portuguese grilled chicken in Austin! 6 sauces to choose from ranging from mild, medium, hot, extra hot, garlic, and lemon herb. Garlic is apparently the most popular and I would agree. I enjoyed that and the lemon herb sauce! We had the half chicken, chicken salad, corn on the cob and mashed potatoes. And so much more! All delicious. Fast casual but they offer beer and Portuguese wine! Food comes out fast and is so delicious and relatively healthy! Although you can indulge if you want with a piece of vanilla flan if your sweet tooth kicks in! Just go give it a go! In the new Linc shopping area off I/35! Open for lunch and dinner!
"I've always had this place bookmarked but I never stopped by until now! I was skeptical of the high reviews - like how good can a fast casual restaurant actually be?? But oh man I am so glad I finally tried it. It definitely deserves 5 stars and you will not be disappointed! 

Pepe the owner, according to their website, brings a ""depth of Portuguese spices and cooking over an open flame. Pepe hopes to bring the simplicity of good food back to the table and offer a unique and relaxed space where people can come together."" This is absolutely true and you can see the unique flavors and how the open flame brings it out in their food! The restaurant is also very casual - you order at the front and they'll bring you your food. It truly makes the experience more homey and comforting!

I had the Mediterranean hummus to start off with and wow!! The hummus is delicious and the pita is even better. It's slightly crisp because it's slightly charred over their open flame, but it is still soft and fluffy inside! You can really taste how the open flame adds to the flavor. Honestly I would come back here just to order more pita. 

As for the main course, I had the 1/2 chicken with garlic sauce. The chicken was tender and flavorful. The 1/2 chicken consists of 2 big chicken thighs enough to make 1 person very full. I split it with my boyfriend however and we were left feeling satisfied. But if you and your friends can eat a lot, I recommend getting the whole chicken (which the menu states can feed 2-4 people). 

They allow you to sample the sauces before you buy which is great! They state that their flavors are inspired by the flavors found in the traditional Portuguese Peri-Peri sauce. The Peri-Peri sauce is made from a mixture of chilis, spices, citrus, and onion. I love the garlic sauce personally because it provides the right amount of kick (not spicy but just right). There is also some hot sauce on the self-serve bar which you can bring to your table if you want to add extra spice. 

Overall I can't wait to come back to eat more chicken and try other sauces! They also have happy hour from 3-6pm. I love their food and I love their service! They are all very kind people. Come here to support local and see for yourself how amazing this place is!!"
Great place! I missed eating at Nando's from when I lived in Chicago. This place is pretty dang similar! I love that they cook everything to order so my fries were super hot and my chicken tasted really fresh. Mashed potatoes and fries were super good! Definitely coming back
"If you miss Nandos, look no further. Service and food both were amazing. Chicken options and presentation were great along with the options in fountain drinks.

It will be our go to spot every time we will visit Austin."
"Flavorful, juicy roasted chicken with many peri peri sauce options to pair with it! I loved ordering the whole chicken (feeds 2-3) and sharing it with friends. Presentation is beautiful and all of the food is fresh.

Choose a base sauce flavor for your chicken (lemon pepper, garlic, mild, medium, hot, or extra hot) but fear not if you're indecisive...because you can also add more sauce onto your chicken! There's an assortment of custom peri peri sauces for you to use on the counter.

Garlic mashed potatoes are DELICIOUS!

For dessert, there's tres leches cake...I'll be trying a slice next time.

Great owner who loves the food he makes and is super friendly. Very passionate about his food!

A meal will run you around $10-15/person.

Can't wait to come back again soon."
"First time eating Portuguese food for us.  

The chicken here is delicious and moist.  The sides are good.  The portion are generous.  My kids love the food.

Will definitely come back!"
This restaurant absolutely deserves 5 stars, it's a great value and delicious, my new favorite spot after hitting the gym. The service was excellent as well. The cHicken was juicy and cooked to perfection. I recommend you try all the sauces.
Was in town on vacation with my wife and found this place on google. The owner and his wife are the cooks. Which is pretty cool. They are very friendly and super welcoming.  The chicken wings are amazing!! I had 1 order Garlic and the 2nd order was medium. They were very flavorful. My wife ordered a chicken wrap. Which she loved. They also have great fountain drinks all made with real sugar cane, which was a plus. Definitely recommend this place to anyone in ATX.
I got a To Go order from Favor and Favor completely dropped the ball. My food was picked up and delivered very late, but Tio Pepe definitely stepped up. They went above and beyond to ensure I had a fresh meal that wasn't sitting out waiting for too long and they remade my order. Their food was warm when I got it, thanks to their excellent customer service and very tasty. Chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I wish I had their sauce to pour on it because it was that good. I got the wings with their garlic sauce and it has a kick. I also got their mild sauce half chicken and it was just the right amount of heat for me.
If I could give this place a million stars I would. The food is awesome, fresh, delicious and best part is, it's still healthy. The Peri Peri sauce made by Pepe himself is insanely good. I usually buy a bottle of the sauce to take home for when we grill our own chicken/wings at home. Pepe is usually there also greeting his customers with a smile and making sure everyone is taken care of. I am a big wine drinker, and their wine options hand picked by Pepe again are great. Go check this place out if you haven't already. Pepe and all the staff there is amazing.
"Pros: 
Tasty chicken and seasoning
Basic but delicious sides
Great sauce options
Pita was fresh and tasty

Cons:
When we walked in, the area by the menus smelled intensely like rotten eggs.
The jocoques appetizer was basically pita and a bowl of cream cheese. I know it's a traditional dish and that's how it's made but I wish the restaurant added their own spin to it or gave it a little extra umph.
The tres leches cake was partially still frozen when we received it. It also didn't seem homemade which was a bummer since that cake is a staple for many Latin-inspired restaurants."
Quite possibly my favorite grilled chicken in Austin. Basted lightly and grilled to order, the chicken was flavorful and tender with a crisp skin. I also ordered grilled corn, which was fresh off the grill and had the perfect char. The roasted veggies were lemony and good. One of the line cooks brought my food out,  hoping I would like what he served. And the owner, Pepe, is there to please. He should be proud.
"This is some great chicken! Enjoyed 1/2 lemon chicken with roasted vegetable and salad.
Very moist chicken which was a nice surprise considering chicken can be really dry.
I had Uber eats deliver it for convenient since I'm out of town and will absolutely enjoy the chicken again.
Probably tomorrow night I'll try the garlic flavor."
This is hands down the best restaurant in the Linc and customer service is amazing! The restaurant is supper clean and food is even better! Y'all come try it out!!
"Wonderful food, great prices, incredible sauces. 

Had some of the best service I've ever gotten in Austin. 

Highly recommend splitting a full chicken."
It's healthier than most lunch options out there, but it is also pricey compared to fast food. There are less expensive options on the menu, but on this particular day I was really hungry. I opted for the 1/2 chicken with grilled corn and mixed veggies. It's interesting how the food is prepared; an already cooked chicken is reheated directly on the grill with the spice level sauce requested along with the corn and veggies. It's served on an actual plate instead of paper or plastic and brought out to you. The sauce, peri peri, comes in varying heat levels as well as garlic or lemon pepper styles. The chicken comes out juicy and tender and the grilling gives the protein and veggies an awesome flavor. They have other chicken items like a chicken burger or chicken sandwiches. I don't know if the chicken burger is made with ground chicken and formed into a patty or just another chicken sandwich but I do look forward to giving it a try.  Since most customers may not be familiar with the venue, the staff makes it a point to let you know that Tio Pepe is a chicken joint only and how they prepare the chicken. A quick tour of the sauces, varying heat levels, and how it is all prepared are quickly explained. I really like that since I wasn't too familiar with Peri Peri. The entire staff was friendly, and didn't hesitate to bring you utensils, napkins and even refill your drink. That's impressive and a reason while I'll go back.
I was looking forward for this restaurant to open in Austin. We finally have a local Peri Peri chicken place. The food was great and they have a great sauce selection. Their wings and chicken were delicious and cooked well.
"My husband and I haven't eaten all day so we got the whole chicken per recommendation of the gentleman at the register. He explained the chickens they use are hormone free so they're a bit smaller than normal chickens so it will feed about 2-3 people (menu says 2-4 but I think it's more like 2-3). We finished all our food but we were stuffed.

The chicken was quite tender and moist. We did half garlic and half lemon herb. They have all their sauces on the side so don't fret if you can't make a decision! 

The cilantro corn rice was great and we loved the roasted veggies too.


It's a bit in the pricey side, we spent almost $40 on 2 people. Then again, it could've fed 3  I'm not sure if I would go back, I think el pollo Rico suits me just fine if I wanna order a whole chicken! Nevertheless, delicious and fast."
"Great food chicken was cooked just right a must try.
Service was on point with food.
Will definitely comeback."
"In Austin for a conference and this place popped up just down the street from my hotel. The service is awesome - the gentleman who waited on me (who I can only assume is Tio Pepe himself) was super friendly, offered to let me sample the soda selection even though I had only ordered water. Then I was having trouble getting sauce out of the bottle so he came and helped me at my table (think old Heinz commercial techniques, LOL).

The chicken was perfectly moist with skin satisfyingly crispy even with the sauce, which was the perfect heat for me. I tried the garlic and lemon pepper sauces on the side, both good, but I'm glad I got the medium on the meat. The vegetables we're grilled Al dente, simple flavor, went well with the meat - nice to have a low carb side option that actually tastes good (not an afterthought). 

Tried the key lime ""cheesecake"" for dessert and was not disappointed! It really is more like key lime pie in taste and texture, which I prefer - just enough sweetness with a nice tart lime flavor. 

Definitely come and try this place - you won't be disappointed!"
"I can't stop eating these wings. Best wings in Austin. The Extra Hot sauce is my favorite level of melt-your-face-off spicy, but the Hot sauce has better flavor, so that's what I usually get.

An order of wings + the jocoque cheese with grilled flat bread = my current favorite meal.

The people here are the NICEST. Just an all-around great place."
This hidden gem was very delicious. First things first, the staff was very welcoming as soon as I walked in. I had the wings and a side of fries since I hit lunch a little late today. However these wings were something to talk about. The flavor was amazing and just killed the tastebuds (in a goodway lol).. clean establishment and overall a good experience. Def stop by this place you won't be disappointed:)
Love it! The guy in charge today took his time explaining peri peri sauce and their specialties which was super helpful. We split a full fire roasted chicken between 3 people and it was the perfect portion. I love that they have all their sauces at the counter for you to grab so you can always pick something mild and work your way up to extra hot. I tried all of the sauces and my two favorites were lemon & herb and the hot.
"This was my first visit and I left quite satisfied. It's a very simple and very casual restaurant but it delivers on the necessities which is harder to find in Austin these days: I didn't feel sick after eating here, the food tasted great, I got a fair amount for what I paid for, and I left feeling full. 

I tried the chicken breast with garlic sauce as well as the mashed potatoes and cilantro lime rice. I loved it. Everything tasted fresh and everything had a very home cooking vibe. Not to salty either! I shall return to try some more."
The Mediterranean salad with chicken is bomb and the extra hot sauce is delicious. LOVE this place!!
So delicious! I have to stop here every time I come to Austin. The chicken is tender and their sauces are great! The service is always good.
"10/10: I'm talkin experience and food as a whole. Walked into this gem of a restaurant tucked away off the freeway, and immediately I was greeted with a warm welcome from Tio Pepe himself. Every meal I've had here is made with pure love and attention. Have had 3 different flavored sauces and not one had disappointed. Really hope this little diamond in the rough continues its business. Best damn chicken in the area. 

The rice was ok, but fries, corn and the chicken are the perfect 3 hit combo. 

Love this place!"
"Absolutely delicious chicken. I had the 1/4 chicken in medium sauce with roasted veggies. My boyfriend had the 1/4 chicken in hot sauce with cilantro rice. Oh! And the croquettes! So good!! 
The staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming. The interior is cute and clean. 
You can also buy their sauces to take home and it's super worth it! They also have a massive drink selection; beer, wine, fountain drinks. 
We'll definitely be coming back. :)"
"Tried this place a few days ago when visiting Austin, and couldn't have been more impressed! I had no idea what Portuguese chicken really meant, but we were walked through the menu and told what the favorites were. 

We ordered a whole chicken, half medium half garlic. My dad and I preferred the medium sauce, it's got a little kick but the flavor is great! The roasted veggies were tasty, as was the caesar  salad. We ended our meal with some flan, which is made there, and it was fantastic! Can't wait to go back next time I'm driving through Austin."
So grateful to have eaten here. After a week of traveling, eating such a delicious and healthy meal really hit the spot!
Coming from New York City this place made me feel like I'm back in SoHo , small and authentic food . Love it
"Just did curbside pick up. We ordered and picked up in 10 min. Still delish!
We had whole chicken with two sides, Jocoque and Chicken croquette"
Love love love Tio Pepe!! I always get their chicken breast with their garlic sauce with roasted veggies and cilantro lime rice! Soooo good! The chicken is so juicy and the sauce has so much flavor! And a kick to it! The veggies are roasted and seasoned to perfection! And the rice is delicious! Definitely recommend if you're wanting something healthy and tasty!
I order the Pepe chicken as I have heard a lot abt it but wasn't very impressed.  Not sure how authentic pepe chicken should taste, but it was dry that is why 3 star vs 4.
Grilled chicken with peri-peri sauces. I'm not sure what makes a sauce peri-peri, but whatever it is they are very good. The sides were great. Owner super nice. They have Flan and Tres Leche cake - I wanted both but got the cake, which was wonderful. Definitely going back.
Chicken is tasty, but the sides are disappointing. I ordered the grilled vegetables and got plain old steamed broccoli.
"Really love this spot and really love the delicious chicken that Pepe is dishing out. It's also worth noting that Pepe (the owner) is always there and he's super nice. 

The chicken is packed with flavor, and if you want the heat, choose the hotter sauces and you'll get it. 

They've tweaked their menu since opening and it has a few more options than it did before. The joqoque (spreadable yogurt cheese) is yummy as are the chicken croquettes. I'm excited to try a salad and a chicken burger soon. 

I also love the wide variety of sauces (available in bottles for the table) and how they are all so different and all so tasty. Try them not just worth the chicken, but also with your sides."
Really good garlic chicken and I like the free complimentary drink thank you , the option for salad as a side great choice I took the Caesar while I'm giving it a 5-star cuz I want to help out the local business my best suggestion would be to not be a cashless transaction often for small meals I prefer cash not a credit card I wanted to add the chocolate mousse cake afterwards as a desert but didn't because I didn't want to run a credit card again also on the quarter chicken after cooking I ordered the dark cut it so that it's in two pieces prior to serving overall a very good restaurant New and up-and-coming let's give them a chance the food was really tasty
This restaurant has fantastic food. I recommend to anyone. Great environment and the owner and staff are very friendly.
The chicken sandwich is great and there hot sauce is so well flavored and not unbearably spicy but just right. I highly recommend and the haters don't know what they are talking about.
The mashed potatoes are sooo good and so are is the broccoli and cauliflower. The chicken is good but sooo messy to eat. The restaurant is cute. They have a lot of sauce options
"Small, cute, casual and super clean restaurant. First off the staff is super friendly and really polite. 
I ordered boneless chicken breast with 2 side (grilled veggies and grilled corn). All tasted amazing. I went the staff's suggestion for the spot and it was spot in terms heat and the spice level. 
Overall, it was a great experience and will definitely go back."
Love Tio Pepe Chicken! The owner and the staff have excellent customer service! We leave with a smile & happy belly each time. My husband and I make it a point to come eat here at least twice a month. The chicken and sides are delicious! Garlic sauce is bomb as well! If you're in the Austin area it's a must try! Don't forget to order the tres leche :)
"Just left Tio Pepe's after having an absolutely wonderful lunch. This was our first visit, but it won't be our last! 
This is a casual restaurant in a nice strip mall. It is very clean and simple--nothing pretentious or attempting to be. Also not a large space. 
The menu is relatively simple and short. Again, not pretentious. The GM greeted us and explained the menu. We ended up sharing a whole chicken(enough for leftovers) with cilantro rice and grilled vegetables. They have several sauces to choose from and provide bottles of these for your table. 
In a word--excellent! Chicken was flavorful and seasoned perfectly. With the sauces, I didn't even feel salt was needed. Cilantro rice was tasty and accompanied the chicken very well. I'm a roasted veggie fan and these were quite good. 
They have starters and desserts, but we knew we'd fill up quickly, so we didn't go there. It all looks very appealing though! 
Hope they stick around. We truly enjoyed our meal!"
So glad they opened up a place like this in Austin, a healthier option while still getting all the flavor from a meal out. The chicken was perfectly cooked, amazing flavor and really moist on the inside. Two of us ordered a full chicken split with two sauces, and the roasted vegetables and Caesar salad for sides. Everything was great, and they have extras of all the sauces kept out so you can try them all out. The staff was very friendly- they made a small error when billing us and immediately came over with the refund and an apology, which was appreciated. Try them out!
Very new establishment when visited. Awesome chicken menu selections. Staff and management very polite and courteous. The food quality is exquisite by far especially the variety of sauces. Will definitely go back when in the Texas' capitol. Must place to go to for unique cultural cuisine.
I'm here every week, sometimes two or three times a week. I've tried just about everything and I'm telling you, you can't go wrong. The staff is great and always friendly.
Everything about this place is absolutely amazing. I love the food, the decoration, and the staff. Very friendly and enjoyable experience. Thank you
Food is amazing, and best service in Atx. Really personable.  Portuguese chicken style and all the sauces are great you can even buy them online which is a PLUS. 5 stars!!!
With 5 stars and 247 reviews I was expecting my head to be spinning. Food WAS good. Chicken was juicy. I'll go again, but my head wasn't spinning. Sides were good too. I will say that service was EXCELLENT and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
I was with friends and I'm a vegetarian so I was happy to see a few vegetarian options while my friends were enjoying their chicken! I got the hummus since I wasn't too hungry and it was absolutely delicious. Probably one of the most flavorful hummuses I've ever had. Also service was really good! The staff was really nice. Wish they had more vegetarian options but I heard the chicken was good!
I was looking forward for this restaurant to open in Austin. We finally have a local Peri Peri chicken place. The food was great and they have a great sauce selection. Their wings and chicken were delicious and cooked well. I just wished they had halal chicken option.
"Staff was terrific and friendly.  They helped my handicapped mom with everything..so nice! Food is really goid.  Recommend the croquettes..tasty! Chicken we had was medium
.just right level of heat"
"We ordered the whole chicken, half with Medium and half with Garlic Lemon sauce with 2 sides, (cilantro rice and corn on the cob). It was atrocious. Granted we came in at 6 on a Sunday, but to charge $40 for what we just consumed was an affront. The chicken was reheated on a flat-top which caused the chicken skin to be limp and flappy. The corn on the cob tasted and looked like it was leftovers from the night before. And the rice, was extremely undercooked and COLD! The entire meal lacked salt and basic seasoning, which made it necessary to drench the entire meal in the sauce they give you on the side. SO disappointing!


I do want to make an amendment to this review. After posting the above review, the owner reached out to me directly and issued me a FULL refund. While the experience on Sunday was not the best, the fact that the owner was so willing to correct the entire experience, and issued a full refund makes me want to give it another shot. You don't see too many owners/restaurants nowadays who do that. So I'll amend this review and give a few more stars because this kind of business ethic is so refreshing and rare."
Awesome chicken and tasty sides. Shows how grilled chicken is not only healthier than fried chicken, but even tastes better when cooked well. Wish they had a location closer to downtown/campus.
Huge fan! Similar to Peri Peri if you've ever been there. You can get 1/4, 1/2, or a whole chicken to share. 5 or so different sauces.  I went with 1/4 dark w/ medium sauce. Quite tasty.
"The owner personally welcomed us and recommended to us (2 people) the whole chicken. The food was absolutely amazing and the flan really hit the spot. I recommend the sauce ""hot"" and to dip the chicken in the other sauces to try out different flavors. The chicken was cooked to perfection and the cilantro rice was a good side."
"Love this place!  The chicken is moist and delicious!  We got a whole chicken and two sides.  The cilantro rice was very tasty and the mashed potatoes were reminiscent of what Grandma used to make.  We had enough leftovers for me to have for lunch the next day.  Come enjoy their amazing food!

PS great service!"
Javad was really sweet helped me choose the perfect vegetarian combo! Cranberry salad was yummy and all the desserts were yummy!
Makes El Pollo Loco look like amateurs.  Moist chicken, great prices.  Nice variety of peri peri sauces, excellent complement to the chicken (we bought 3 bottles).  The vegetable sides are simply cooked and are a nice side.  Go to this place, I would like to see them expand to more places!
Simplemente delicioso!!! Amo este lugar el servicio al cliente esta excelente y la comida increíble!!!  :)
Awesome chicken and really great service! As a roast chicken fan, I was truly impressed by the taste, presentation and sides of this place. The sauces are all so flavourful. We have had garlic and lemon herb and they are bomb! So happy they are on Uber Eats too! If you're looking for healthy and delicious option, this place is worth the drive!
An amazing discovery for us today was the delicious chicken at Tio Pepe Chicken!!   We had the quarter chicken with the garlic sauce and it was so satisfying and tasty!  The staff was very personable and friendly.  The environment colorful and clean!  This will definitely be on our list to return to over an over again!!
"Nothing fancy but very good food ....

I found this place through Yelp, the roasted chicken with cilantro rice pictures on Yelp caught my attention.  The chicken was moist and the choice of sauces added to the flavor. The cilantro rice is a family recipe Tio told me.  I will visit again."
We visited Tio Pepe Chicken today for dinner and it was amazing!!!!!!! Great service and great food! Come check it out! #supportAustinlocal #grilledchicken #periperi
Delicious food, good beer and wines. It's my favorite spot for lunch in North Central Austin. Their hot sauces are amazing!
Love this place! It's similar to a place called Nando's that I ate at in the UK and wished we had here in the states/Texas. The sauces are so good and the sides were good as well. Very friendly service. Highly recommend! I'll be going again soon.
"This has easily become one of my favorite places to eat chicken. I first came in, ordered at the counter, then took a number to where we wanted to sit. The whole inside of the restaurant was super vibrant and aesthetic. They have a green leafy wall with the words ""peri peri"" on it. Super cute photo opportunity! As I was waiting for the food I could enjoy the Latin music, read on the walls what peri peri flavor is, and watched them grill the chicken out in the open. Such a great ambiance. When the food came out, everything hit the spot. The chicken was very flavorful and juicy. The fries were just perfect in taste and crunch. While we were eating one of the cooks came by and checked in on us, which I found sweet and unique! Overall, 10/10 would recommend for the amazing food and experience."
We ordered take out from Tio Pepe and weren't super impressed. Everything was fine but the chicken was a little dry. If chicken is the star of their menu I was expecting to be floored by it. Probably won't order again, but in a pinch they're an affordable lunch spot.
"So good and fast! This place is a no thrills type of restaurant,  but it hits all the right spots! My husband and I went there for dinner on Friday and we had the chicken (haha)!  Specifically, I had the chicken breast and my husband had the 1/4 chicken.  We also had an order of the croquettes. The croquettes were very tasty, but they were small. They were more like miniature egg rolls. 

The chicken breast was perfectly done; it was juicy and the sauce (I had a garlic lemon) was a perfect topping on it. I also tried the mild and medium hot sauce and both were delicious.  

They also have a selection of wine and beer that go with perfectly with the chicken."
My GAWD this place is amazing. Incredibly tasty chicken. Not fancy, just good food. The price is competitive with other chicken places
"So good, I ate it before I could take pictures!!

Came with a couple of friends and we ordered the whole chicken with two sides (french fries and veggies). We also ordered a large Cesar salad and two glasses of wine. All this for under $50! We had the option of two sauces with the chicken and we chose garlic and medium hot sauce. Both sauces were phenomenal. All sauces they offer are available to use on the side at no extra charge. The flame grilled chicken was absolutely delicious, juicy and had great flavor. 

Just thinking about the chicken is making me want to come back! Would highly recommend giving this place a try. Great food, awesome service and the flavor is definitely there."
"This is near my house and I'm very lucky it is! Great tasting Peruvian chicken and sides, I'm always full when I'm done with my meal from here.
I usually get a half chicken as I can eat a quarter and then I use the remaining chicken in something else: tacos or whatever needs cooked chicken in it. 
Sides are always generous, I like the rice and corn.
Last time I was there it was curb side only, which is just fine by me."
I don't know how I never tried Tio Pepe Chicken and it's one of the few new restaurants I discovered that I'm kicking myself about. The chicken was perfect and the fries super tasty albeit a bit undercooked. Staff was super friendly and it was ready quickly. I'll 100% be coming back in here soon for more.
After months of procrastination, I finally called on Tio Pepe for my Portuguese chicken needs. Needs. Not wants. Needs. And Tio Pepe came through pra nois, gente. The wings were some of the best I've had... I usually prefer them coated in buffalo sauce, but these ones didn't even need it. They were seasoned like autumn in the northeast, with vibrance and vivacity. The relationship I had with those wings walked the line between romance and lust. I need to stop typing now... the chicken fever is getting to me.
Absolutely loved the Peri-Peri chicken here at Tio Pepe. We ordered the whole chicken with half cooked in the lemon herb sauce and the other in the hot sauce. Both were delicious, tender and addictive. We could eat it all day. The customer service was amazing all while observing the Covid rules inside the restaurant. We'll definitely be back.
"Owner was very kind - he approached us when we walked in and personally explained the background of the restaurant and gave us his suggestions on what to order. The place was very clean and the staff was super kind. For two people, we ordered a whole chicken with a side and it was a perfect portion size! You also get to personalize your heat level (two different ones on a whole chicken) so if you're sharing and have different heat preferences, it's no problem. Chicken was AMAZING and this is coming from someone who generally doesn't like to eat meat.

I don't think you can get this Portuguese chicken anywhere else in Austin. Please do yourself a favor and try out this place! I loved it and you won't regret it."
"I went out to Tio Pepe's yesterday with a friend. My friend got a half chicken, garlic peri peri sauce. I got a whole chicken. Lemon Herb to have there and then garlic to take home for the Wife. Apparently Garlic is the best seller Peri Peri sauce but they all tasted good to me! 

The hottest sauce wasn't that hot for me but my heat tolerance is through the roof! It was very spicy for my friend. 

We got an appetizer too - the bread with the yogurt sauce. The sauce tasted very good. We found out that it goes well with the cilantro rice along with the hot sauce - good combo to clean up your plate with. 

Pepe is great. We met him & some of the staff. Everyone is very nice & welcoming. When we got there at 6:45p, no one was there but right after us, there were about 7 - 10 people that walked in one after the other so we might've just been lucky. 

We didn't have to wait long for our chicken but it was very moist and cooked well! Most people don't know how to cook chicken, it's always white and chaulky. That's not chicken! 

Pepe knows chicken. It's glistening & moist inside with the outside a tad bit crispy on the skin but not too much. Don't go here for an interview bc things get messy when you dig in but it's well worth a trip!"
"There are days when you need a break from all that rich restaurant food, but still don't feel like cooking. For those occasions, I have to recommend Tio Pepe! They offer freshly roasted chicken and sides, with a beautiful array of peri peri sauces. In our home, the peri peri wings were particularly popular, but the half chicken w/ corn on the cob & roasted veggies easily fed 2, with some leftovers for the next day.

Tio Pepe has an easy online ordering system, and plenty of parking, so it's an easy choice to bring home. They also feature daily deals, such as discounted whole chicken dinners, that really make this a healthy and affordable option for a family meal."
"""Is this your first time here?"" The owner has a twinkle in his eye. He likes what he does. He has reason to be proud, too. The place is only two months old but it's first rate and I predict that it's going to become an enduring favorite. 

The roasted chicken was large, delectable and juicy. We ordered half a chicken and there was enough for a hearty meal for two plus some to take home. The various piri piri and garlic sauces - Tio Pepe-branded and bottled - are exceptional. Piri piri is spicy, but not like Southwestern or Mexican chiles, or Indian curries. Its chili peppers are originally from Africa and the sauces are available in different degrees of heat, combined with citrus, onion, garlic and other spices.  

We liked the garlic sauce so much that we purchased a bottle. 

We tried the mashed potatoes, the cilantro rice and the jocoque (yoghurt) with pita bread. I'll be reordering that jocoque, for sure.   

The design of the restaurant is bright, distinctive and inviting. Everything is immaculate, the menu is affordable... and there's beer and wine, too. 

Pepe, the owner, comes from a long line of restaurateurs. He's lived In Mexico, London, Bangkok and San Francisco, before he moved to Austin. The man knows his food. 

And hey, it's super convenient if you're headed to the Austin Film Society theater."
I usually get the chicken with hot peri peri sauce and mashed potatoes. It is delicious and reminds me of Nando's chicken in Toronto, Canada.
"I came here in March before things got crazy. My date and I had a half slab of chicken and a slice of lime cheesecake. I was somewhat disappointed by the chicken and sauce, which were good but not as extraordinary as reviews would have me believe.

The dessert selection, however, was truly remarkable. The entire dessert menu spoke to me, but there was no question that we'd get the lime cheesecake, as my date is wild about lime. It's been six months but I still remember how it had the perfect smooth texture, the perfect balance between cool tart lime and mellow cream.

Absolutely a great place for dessert."
AMAZING! The food was hot, fresh, and delicious. We came in a large group and the staff was incredibly accommodating and helpful to our large group. We ordered 2 whole chickens with the garlic and medium sauces. For sides, we ordered the French fries, roasted vegetables, corn on the cob, and mashed potatoes. Everything was great   and came out really quickly. I highly recommend giving this spot a try. All of the sides were good, but the roasted veggies were fire  I definitely recommend giving this place a try. Also the restaurant has a great ambience and is perfect for cute photos.
I got fries and corn on the cob. The chicken was cooked perfectly. The skin which is obviously one of the best parts was delicious and paired well with the sauce. I tried the key lime cheesecake for dessert and was not disappointed! It really is more like key lime pie in taste and texture, just enough sweetness with a nice tart lime flavor. Delivery was not that fast but the food was delivered hot and packed well.
I didn't know what I wanted to eat today, and I was tired of pluckers. I told my boyfriend I've always wanted to try tio pepe's chicken so we park outside and order online, the food smelled so good in the to-go box, i get home and as soon as we grab a fry and eat it we knew it was going to be worth it! SO GOOD
Place is the truth.  Awesome.  Pepe is cool. Grilled chicken, veggies, grilled wings, peri peri sauce. Healthy and tasty.
"Wow! So delicious, I want more! What I had:

- Chicken Croquettes (Garlic Sauce): so delicious! The garlic sauce didn't go well with the croquettes though, and was a better dressing for the lettuce bed that the croquettes arrived on. But these were just so good. I'd get this again.

- Peri-Peri Wings (Lemon Herb Sauce): Damn, these were just so goood. Tender and not over-dressed in sauce. They were worth the price. I would love to get this again with a different sauce.

- Quarter Dark Chicken (w/ Cilantro Rice): Really yummy! Tender, yummy, and the rice was pretty good! I might grab a different side the next time, though the rice DID go well with the chicken.

Def go here y'all."
We were on the way to Pluckers and saw Tio Pepe and decided to check it out instead. Boy we were glad we did! The chicken as beautifully cooked and the flavors were so delicious. CanT decide which flavor to get? They've got samples of all of them. I'm on a health kick so I got the roasted veggies as my side and they were absolutely delicious. 10/10 will be coming back!
"Austin Resident: Meu Deu!  Finalmente tem peri-peri portugues verdadeiro em Austin!

(Oh my God! They finally have real Portuguese piri-piri chicken in Austin!)


Lisbon Resident: Fica tranquil. Nao e uma grande coisa.

(Calm down. This is no big deal.)

* * *

Tio Pepe's is a decent piri-piri chicken place - the first of its kind in Austin.

If this is your first time with piri-piri, Tio Pepe's version is a good one.

* * *

Piri-piri chicken is Portugal's answer to buffalo wings.

Never mind that buffalo wings were invented in 1964 in a bar in Buffalo while the Portuguese have had piri-piri sauce ever since they colonized West Africa.

Buffalo sauce and piri-piri sauce are close enough to be brother and sister.

This is especially the case when you figure you can alter the heat and therefore the taste of either of the two.

There are plenty of places in Austin where you can get perfectly wonderful buffalo wings. So adding a piri-piri place does not mean you are going to get something you have never had before ever.

* * *
Piri-piri chicken can be wonderful and can be godawful.

Tio Pepe's is a good place.

In bad places, it is the rock bottom of all fast food.

The take-out places buy the cheapest and most dubious chicken, fry it in marginal oil and cover up the sins with superhot sauce.

You will spend a lot of time in your bathroom atoning for those sins. 

* * *
Tio Pepe's shows you what real piri-piri chicken can be.

They buy an honest bird.

They cook it well.

The sauce is very nicely executed.

(I had the hot - which is ""normal"" in Portugal).

Unlike Buffalo wings - you get a whole chicken (or a half or a quarter).

I like me a whole chicken so this is a good thing.

* * *

Sides and extras are not as wonderful as the chicken.

French Fries are white and pasty.

Sauteed vegetables are broccoli and cauliflower.

You feel pious. You are eating healthy. It does not taste good enough to be fun.

(They try to spike things up with a little lemon - but it doesn't help that much.)

They offer Stubborn brand sodas for their artisanal sodas.

Stubborn brand sodas remind you of why Maine Root is good.

The difference between Stubborn and Maine Root is like the difference between Royal Crown and real Coca-Cola.

So I enjoyed my chicken but struggled through the rest of my meal.

* * *

If you have a favorite bar where you like the buffalo wings, 

there is no need to go dashing across town to check out Tio Pepe's.

But the place is good for what it is.

Now if we could get ourselves a real honest to god Portuguese restaurant,

With fresh sardines, grilled octopus done right and goat in wine sauce ...

Now we would be talking!"
We got takeout from here the other day. The mashed potatoes, corn, rice and chicken were all very tasty, as was the sauce we bought. Portion size was good too! Overall I'm happy its nearby for a good, balanced, meal that also feels pretty healthy!
Great service and food. We had the hummus appetizer, 1/2 chicken with garlic sauce, cilantro rice and veggies. We had red velvet cake and tres leches cake for dessert. It was all good and for a good price. We will definitely be back.
I ordered chicken and grilled corn through a delivery app. Despite the time taken for the order to arrive, everything was nicely packaged and piping hot! The chicken was cooked perfectly: nice char on the outside and very juicy inside, all the way to the center of the breast. The corn was the real star. It was grilled just enough to cook the kernels and leave a lot of sweet corn flavor. I like that they do not oversalt the corn or drown it in butter. It had a bit of seasoning (herbs, maybe?) and was delicious when I rolled it in some drippings from the chicken (it's pretty juicy). I got a half chicken with 2 sides of corn and that's good enough for dinner today and lunch tomorrow. Five stars for preparation, packaging, taste, and quality. My whole place smells like delicious roast chicken now
"Austin Version of Nando's quite possibly better! Finally checked out Tio Pepe and I loved every bite of it! I'll be back again and again because that chicken is to die for. 

Tried the medium peri peri today and got sides of the hot, garlic, and lemon pepper. All were delish and not too spicy!

Oh and get the fries as a side. Don't leave without them. They're perfectly cooked and this French fry lover knows her fries!

You can order a whole chicken to go if you want. They'll split into half and you can get a different sauce on each half. 

Loved the chocolate mousse also. It was not overly chocolatey sweet. Craveable for sure! 

Plenty of seating, a nice place for you and your family. You'll be as impressed as I was!"
The chicken is always so juicy and succulent. I wish I knew how to make them this way! We love the garlic sauce on top too! Great place nearby to grab low carb amazing chicken. Well, it'd have been a successful low carb lunch if I hadn't ordered the soft and delicious tres leches cake :)
Nice place, very clean. Ordered the 1/2 bird Medium sauce and it didn't disappoint. Ate the breast first and it was moist. Veggies a tad bland but were cooked well. Should've got some sauce on the side. Also had the chicken wrap and wifey loved it. Will return
Tio Pepe has some of my favorite chicken in Austin. When you order chicken, you get to choose from a selection of peri peri sauces and all of them are delicious; my go to order is the whole chicken shareable plate with lemon and garlic sauces along with grilled corn and mashed potatoes as sides. Online ordering is available and pickup is super easy.
Absolutely delicious chicken. We had given the order chicken sauce with roasted veggies. I had the 1/2 chicken in medium sauce with roasted veggies. My boyfriend had the 1/3 chicken in hot sauce with cilantro rice. Had the spicy chicken in hot sauce, this was so delicious. I like that you can try their different sauce's. The stubborn sodas are great as well. Everything was great and came out really quickly. Great food! Very fresh chicken and flavorful.
Wonderful establishment!!! The decor is classy and upscale! The food is delicious and the staff is super friendly!! This is a must try!!! If you are looking for a great night out - come to the village bar and grill!!!!
"Great find in the 'Fermentation District'!
Very interesting and varied menu, including several perfectly authentic Portuguese dishes. 
Great beer selection and super friendly staff. It's a family run place, we learned, in business for just a year now.
We'll certainly go back, and bring some of my Portuguese in laws."
This is a great place to grab a snack and hang after a night of hitting the breweries and distillery. The staff is really friendly. The fries and sweet potato fries are amazing. They also have a good selection of craft beers from Down the Road brewery, which is convenient if you don't feel like walking a mile down the road to get some. It's also the only place in the area that I know of where you can get chouriço bombeiro, which is basically a flaming chouriço served in a plate. They have a jukebox, too, which is good if you're not a fan of the music that's playing.
we were all blown away by their pizza, super delicious n crispy crust, lots of fresh toppings, awesome sauce...outstanding! the wings were meaty n juicy, the mac n cheese super creamy, fish croquettes superb...and the tripe n bean soup the best i've ever had...cooked and seasoned to perfection...can't say enough about this place!
"This review is way overdue. The event I will be speaking of occurred in April 2019 but I am just getting around to writing this. 
I arranged a birthday party to be held at this location. I called about a week ahead of time to reserve the bales and requested a specific area near the pool tables. Two days before I called to double check they still had the info and they did and knew exactly who I was. (Proving they pay attention). Everyone I dealt with went above and beyond for me. They let me bring balloons and the cake there earlier in the day and held it for me. When it was close to the time of our reservation, they set up all the tables and even added weights to the balloons that they clearly decorated themselves which was a great touch! All in all they helped to make the celebration go off without a hitch and were very attentive to our needs.
The only downside was that there was karaoke that same evening, we didn't know would be occurring. That was not the issue, the issue was the DJ was set up right next to our tables and his speakers were facing us. Granted not their fault, We requested the spot we wanted, but I think that since they knew people would be there they should have relocated the DJ to another spot. Or asked if we wanted another spot. It was more of an irritation but not a problem. Made for some interesting jokes about bad singing haha."
"We live close so we're extra happy this place is awesome! Not too busy when we went in on Saturday around lunch time. The bartender was super sweet, attentuve, and she knew every wine and beer they had. After my guy ordered the "" prego sandwich "" she kindly told us they serve a lot of Portuguese food and she explained what the sandwich actually was so we could make a good decision. I had the chicken fingers - they couldn't have been better. We had fried pickles and they were perfect. Fried and battered - that's hard to come by. 
 I'm elated we found this place and you'll likely see us there if you visit"
Ordered take-out.  The pizza was okay, some of the dough was perfectly cooked while other parts were overdone.  They do sprinkle a healthy dose of oregano on top which I like.  I also got the buffalo chicken wings and they were pretty terrible.  Not crispy, not flavorful or properly salted, and the buffalo sauce was meh.
Good service, good food, and decent beer selection. There are not a lot of options in this area, so it is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. If you go to Night Shift, Bone Up, or Short Path, definitely stop by Village and check it out!
Awesome place , cold beer, nice appetizers , Cézar was the best waiter. Definitely I will come back! Nice food, nice atmosphere!!
Very friendly staff but the food is amazing...octopus and the cod fish are a must.. my husband looooves the pizza here !!!
Friendly, attentive wait staff. The beer options are pretty good and inexpensive. Food is so-so, mixed reviews from my party (see pics). We came here accidentally after rock climbing nearby because we thought this was part of the brewery next door but we ended up staying since they have food while their neighbors do not. Overall fairly enjoyable meal with friends.
Upon walking in I noticed the beautiful open space, gorgeous wood floors and funky chandeliers. The staff was very friendly and we conversed with several of them. It's nice and casual and kid friendly. The food was good, but there were no surprises here. Just the usual suspects, burgers, pasta, your standard wraps. I guess I was just disappointed that with this brand new space in a location that attracts hipsters, beer enthusiasts and goodies, that this place would not even attempt to have some originality on its menu. How about some creative hearty sandwiches? How about some funky dumplings for appetizers, creative and unique salads? This place is fine, but with a blank canvas and a fresh start, it's a bummer they didn't seize the day!
"Look, this place started out rough. Food was ok at first. Bartenders didn't have a great idea of pours and drinks for that matter. 

But TRY IT AGAN ! That was the BEST PIZZA, I have had in the area, delivery or inside a place in the 12 years that I have lived in this area. Amazing and it was a plain cheese. Drinks were good as well. Drink menu was a good mix. 

I'm coming back for that pizza though !"
Good food and friendly service. Great to have a place in the area that serves food all day. Especially before/after visiting the surrounding breweries. Definitely with a pop in for their nachos!
Found this spot randomly and glad I did! Super cute outdoor seating, drinks were okay and the pizza was simply perfect.
Had lunch with a group of six women this past weekend and everyone loved their meal. I had the chicken with mushrooms and was delighted by the flavors.
"We were looking for a good place to eat in the area and came across this little gem.  It's not a large place, so you might want to call ahead.

Our kids kept to the sandwich menu, with one having a burger, one having a steak burger, and the third trying the linguisa burger. All came with beautiful homemade fries that were fried to perfection.  The sandwiches were a huge hit.

We tried the Shrimp San Miguel and the Salted Cod Stew, both amazing dishes. The sauces were delightful and the seafood cooked wonderfully. We sopped up the last of the dishes with the plentiful bread served by our very attentive servers.

We will definitely be back for another enjoyable evening!"
Amazing authentic #portuguese food. The octopus appetizer was delicious and the pork and clams entrée was mouth-watering! Will definitely return!
Based on other Yelp reviews, I dragged by husband out for Portugese food.  Trackside Bar & Grill was everything and more that had been written about it.  We started with Portuguese beer and wine - you have to try it!.  I had the kale soup with slices of sausage.  Marvelous flavor.  The owner, George, recommended the house steak.  Perfectly done strip steak in a creamy mustard sauce.  Definately the standout.  My husband had the pork and mushroom special that was delicately flavored.  Dessert was a perfect flan.  Highly recommended - read all the reviews.  Well worth the effort!
This place is a great. We ordered the seafood stew, garlic steak and the port wine chicken. Sorry no pictures because we could not stop eating our food. This is a small Mom and Pop place that really let's the food and flavors shine. I hope you go!
Great cozy family restaraunt, great portuguese dishes, like the traditional Bife a Casa' (house steak) with the tradition of the egg on top, with Portuguese home fries, and the simple great Linguiça a bombeiro which is brought to the table on the traditional clay dish, and its cooked at the table
"The grilled octopus and the seafood stew are amazing.

One of our new favorite restaurants!"
A couple of months ago, my brother told me about this nice Portuguese restaurant in Peabody. He and I went there for lunch and I tried the steak tips with Portuguese fries and brocolli. It was awesome! The meat was tender and marinated in a delicious wine sauce. That same evening, I  took my wife to Trackside Bar & Grill for dinner. She had the garlick shrimp dish and absolutely loved it. I had the pork medallions. We have returned several times and have this place on our eating out list. They also have a variety of Portuguese wines along with a full liquor license.
"THE BEST FOOD EVER!!!
The Freshest Seafood I ever had, Best kept secret Authentic Portuguese Food"
One of the best meals I've had in Boston. Surprise quaint place in the middle of a neighborhood. The surf and turf......steak tips with garlic shrimp. I could eat this three nights a week. The steak tips were marinated perfectly and were prepared exactly medium rare as requested. I had a side of Portuguese fries, and I highly recommend them. George was our waiter and made the experience that much better. This is a must do if you are in the North Shore area.
"Authentic Portuguese food.
I read though the reviews and my interest was peaked.
I wouldn't call it quaint and it's not the best food I've ever had, but I'm glad we tried it.
It is in the middle of nowhere, but as it's name implies, right next to the train tracks.
Parking behind, enter on the corner. You do not go there for the ambience. There isn't much decor. Pretty much everyone else was a regular. The waiter asked us where we were from. I guess it was obvious that we were not local. We were 4 people. We had 2 appetisers, 4 salads, 4 main courses, 2 desserts, 1 glass of wine and 1 espresso all for $80.
The fried calamari was decent, but the sauteed squid appetiser was excellent. The red fish special is a whole fish served with Portuguese fries which are kind of like homemade potato chips. The bacalau was so huge we took enough home for another meal. The grilled octopus was extraordinary. By far the best thing. The portion is 2 large tentacles, more than enough.
We liked the almond tarts better than the flan.
It is not large, maybe 8 tables. One waiter works the whole room. He is attentive and friendly, but busy."
"Sooooo good!  We were driving for 30 minutes to find a Portuguese restaurant when finally we stopped at a local store for a suggestion.  They said Trackside and so we went there.  The food was so delicious, the seafood stew is their specialty, though the sausage and bread were also excellent.  Prices were also reasonable for the food we were getting.   

Also, the owner was super friendly and talked to us throughout our meal.  He wasreally funny and cute.  I would totally go here again if I'm ever in the area."
"This place defines a hidden secret.  You could live next to Peabody and never know it there.  Its half bar on one side, half comfortable family style rest. on the other.  The prices are great, the food is fantastic, the specials are crazy.

The cod cakes are out of this world, and the steaks done Portugese style are fantastic.

This is a great place for a whacky, off beat ""wow who would have guessed this hid here "" kinda place.  Fun.  We go often.


The service is fantastic as well!"
I've only eaten here once and had the paella - it was to die for.  We had the chicken wings appetizer with a special maranade that was really good too. If you like Portuguese food, this is the place to go!!!  I can't wait to go back.
"Wow! What a find. Tucked away, as it is, on a back street in Peabody, you might drive right by this world-class Portuguese restaurant and not realize it's there. But once you figure out how to park in a lot behind and walk around to the front entrance, you're in for a treat. The place isn't large and fancy...no linen or candles or trendy dacor. The dining area is simple and functional and friendly. There's a full bar and an interesting wine list -- heavily weighted, as you might imagine, to wines from Portugal. But foodies take note: the cooking is anything but pedestrian! 

I had the Caldeirada de Marisco (seafood stew) consisting of clams, lobster, shrimp, mussels, calamari, and white beans in a tomato base sauce. It came straight from the stove in the pan it was prepared in. If you order this dish, be prepared for a plentiful serving of Mediterranean goodness. The ingredients were fresh and the sauce was so tasty I just had to sop up the dregs with bread. This entree was one of the most expensive on the menu and it was only $18. There were many other interesting dishes I'll have to try on other occasions that were significantly less. 

I went against tradition and had a red wine with my meal instead of white. I splurged on a 2001 Herdade Perdigao Reserva and it was excellent...earthy full bodied complex and well within the window of readiness. Dessert consisted of a couple of to-die-for pastries -- a Pastel de Nata (from Lisbon) and a Vila Franca (from the Azores) -- accompanied by a spectacular glass of Madeira that the owner imports directly from his native island off the coast of Portugal. 

Our server, Anna, was great. She was attentive, and happily answered our questions and made worthy recommendations when asked. All in all, this was an excellent dining experience, made all the more memorable by the unlikely local and very reasonable prices."
Old world Portuguese food in a very cozy old school neighborhood family restaurant, with a warm emphasis on family. This is definitely not a stuffy place that frowns on kids. The food is hearty wholesome, even rare, yet there is nothing trendy or derivative about the food or the setting. A real break from contrived novelty. The real thing. I had rabbit stew, steamers and some wonderful Portuguese wine that the owner himself recommended. I highly recommend this hidden gem.
The best! My boyfriend and I have been here a few times so far and we've been pleased every time! We both love seafood so we've tried the garlic and shrimp which is amazing and the mussels are a must!!!! My boyfriend was never familiar with any sort of Portuguese food before he met me, so we can thank this place for getting him hooked! Lol
"I found this place using YELP...best food I have had out to eat in forever...you have to get the paella...the seafood was a bit over cooked...however the sauce and the rice is so good who cares...I had paella at a ""high end"" restaurant and it wasn't even close to what I had tonight"
"What a wonderful find. My husband and I were in town for a wake and decided to have dinner before our one hour drive home. I googled Portuguese resteraunt in Peabody and came up with trackside. Gps lead us to a dark street that I began to question my choice. Boy was I surprised. It was a small place, one window two doors. The bar side looked busy, the restaurant side, there were only 3 parties there. I ordered the red fish my husband the seafood stew. My meal was fantastic. So authentic. Even the waiter and cooks were authentic. My only petty complaint was the bread. Too Italian. Only my non Portuguese husband ate it. 
Definitely going back on future northshore visits."
"Listen to Yelp, guys, this place is a total gem. For one thing, they served me some of the best octopus that I've ever had - so tender, so flavorful, tossed in a deliciously tangy but not overbearing sauce. The seafood stew was such a shock-and-awe showstopper that everyone at our table burst into laughter when it arrived, but, that being said, for my money the carne de porco alentejana (with that sauce! that sauce!) simply can't be beat. 

One look at the prices on the menu will tell you that this place is probably a pretty good deal, but when you see the portions and quality of the food you'll agree that it is a PHENOMENAL deal. It's everything you want out of a low-key, no bullcrap, family restaurant."
I work with an out of state consultant who religiously goes every Tuesday to eat at the  Trackside Bar & Grill and can't stop talking about the Grilled Octopus, Several of the consultants go weekly and literally;  all they do is talk about the food at Trackside Bar & Grill They are truly addicted!  My boss agreed to finally go and the next day, I could not wait to hear all about Trackside Bar & Grill . She said she loved it so much; it was the first thing on her mind in the morning; reached into the refrigerator and ate her leftovers for breakfast!! That's the best testimonial I have ever heard! Going this week!
"I've been here twice now and this place does not disappoint!  My goal is to try everything on the menu. Place isn't huge but big enough and has a real cozy feel. 

Have tried the grouper, house steak, mussels, kale soup, pork with cubed potaotes (best ive had yet!). Just really wish this place was closer to me - I'd come once a week."
"This is a small restaurant that seems to be popular to locals.  There is only one server for 8 tables.  He does not seem welcoming to people that are not natives, locals, or regulars.  Very disappointing.  The food is pretty good.  I was in search of something different that didn't fall in the category of fast food.  I ordered the Garlic Shrimp appetizer.  It came with about 8 shrimp, but it was not as flavorful as I'd hoped.  I was not given my bread until the meal came.  The server never stopped by to see what I needed.  I would have asked for a lime or lemon.  While flavor was slightly missing, the portion was good and the food was piping hot.

I will say that when I called ahead of time. I received good customer service.  I may come back to try other menu items, but that's a serious maybe."
"Went here for lunch on recommendation of Yelp (sorry TA, happened to be looking at Yelp). This is the sort of place you generally avoid, unless someone you know or some trusted website tells you otherwise. Small place but immaculately clean. We haven't done Portuguese, so were a little unfamiliar with menu. At 2PM, several tables and the bar occupied by middle to late-aged men. Everyone seemed to know everyone else (think Cheers in Portugal).

We each ordered a sandwich (linguica and pork) and they came with fries. Sandwiches were wonderful on fresh Portuguese bread. The ""fries"" were home-made from real potatoes sliced thin and fried (like a cross between chips and fries). They too were great.

The lunch menu is somewhat limited, but the dinner menu is much fuller (both a regular menu and a ""specials"" menu.

We'll be back."
Lovely, lovely staff.  Good food. I got the steak with mustard sauce.  Very tasty but steak was a bit tough
Amazing!   I'm Portuguese and so I know good food when I have it.  The alcatra is amazing..very juicy.  Bife a Portuguesa was great as well.
Fantastic food. Got the feel to a corner pub, so you can sit at the bar, or has approx 5-6 sit down tables. I had a shellfish broth, which was huge and included lobster, clams etc. That and 2 beers came to $40 including tip. And that meal was one of the pricier options. Most meals were $15ish. The broth i had was $28. Food was phenomenal, and parking easy.
I don't usually take the time to write reviews... But this place most definitely deserved it I have eaten at the Trackside before and have always been pleased with everything from the bread right down to the meal.  I ordered the mussels appetizer today and was thrilled with the flavor, presentation, and portions.  It filled me to max capacity and I still have enough left over for another full meal! Another great entree is Carne de Porco Alentejana! YUM! I encourage everyone to give this place a try!!!
We found this place thanks to Yelp. The sangria was yummy, both the red and white. We tried 3 apps just so we could get some variety. The octopus was delicious, the Portuguese sausage was fun served flaming in a little pig grill/dish. The kale soup hit the spot but the best thing we had was the flan. The best I have ever experienced.Don't let the outside deter you from going inside to try it. The food is delicious, the service great and George makes you feel like family on the first visit.
I came here after a retirement ceremony with my shipmates and we loved it! Service was great . The waiter, which I think was the owner , suggested a Portuguese beer with my linguisa sandwich and he was on point!! Love this place. If I am ever in the area again I will defiantly visit again.
My family and I got the paella with lobster and the seafood medley (with a garlic and wine sauce) for 2, it was more than enough food for the 3 of us and in total there was 1 and half lobsters (3 halves) a ton of scallops, shrimp, calamari, mussels and clams. Both of these dishes were delicious and a great deal, the total for the two meals was $54 bucks. The owner(?)/manager?, I think his name was George was so kind and hospitable. It is truly a hidden gem!
It is great to have this authentic home made Portuguese restaurant on North Shore.  We have pretty much tried all the dishes from our visits and they are delicious not to mention the friendliness atmosphere.  It is a small restaurant so calling in advance is recommended.
Amazing food, super cheap, heaping platters of seafood and an introduction to the chef on the way out the door.  Can't wait to try the flaming appetizer!
First visit to this gem! I got the pork with little necks and potatoes. The Mrs got the shellfish stew. Both were great! This place is small and seats about 30 in the dining room and about 15 at the bar. Service could be a little on the slow side, but the dishes are worth the wait. Very economically priced for authentic Portuguese. Will plan a return soon!
"georgie is the man, hes so nice and friendly
I love the food here, I wouldnt mind going every day
I enjoy the mixture of wine and seafood
they dont rush you like most restaurants do
they give you authentic Portuguese olives
the people who rated this place 1 star, good we dont want you anyways"
The place is fantastic!  Outrageously good food perfectly prepared and served by friendly and knowledgeable staff. The ambiance is casual, joyful and not too loud. And the price is amazing - excellent fresh food, prepared to order, and a great menu with lots of choices plus chef's special for the evening.  We found it on Yelp and have passed by for years not knowing what a great place it is! The calamari app was superb -sautéed (not fried- yeah) and lots of tentacles and rings in a spicy delicious sauce. It's a different sauce for each dish... very unusual and very delicious!!  Great wine list and a tasty flan for dessert. We will return!!
Fantastic place! Every dish was delicious especially the grilled octopus. Our waitress was wonderful. The only downside with such awesome food...you have to get in when you can as it is a small restaurant.
This place has great food!  It looks a little intimidating when you are walking up as they have 2 doors; one into the bar the other into the dining side.  Lunch or dinner you can't go wrong!
"Plain and Simple, a great experience!

Atmosphere: 
Cozy, warm and welcoming. 

Food:
A good variety between meats and seafood and solid selection of apetizers you can't go wrong with. 

Cost: 
Prices are affordable though this isn't one of those cases ""you get what you pay for."" The quality of the food is way above average. 

Staff:
Friendly and attentive.

If you wish to have a good meal and leave with a smile on your face - this is definitly a place to check out."
This is the best lunch I have had in a restaurant in quite a while. It's a small, neighborhood place with good parking out back. The owner, George, introduced himself and chatted with us before recommending a Sagres Portuguese beer to my husband, which he loved. The bread and olives he brought were delicious. We both had the soup of the day- a carrot soup with kale, light and almost creamy in texture. My husband had the linguiça  sandwich and I chose the bacalhau- salt cod, onions and potato. My husband devoured the sandwich. (I have bought linguiça in the grocery store before but it was nothing like this.) My serving was a lot for lunch so we'll be having the leftovers for breakfast tomorrow with some fried eggs. We will definitely go back!
Great food and local flavor where you. can eat like a King without breaking the bank. Thanks Yelp !
Review to come...in short, excellent food, prices and service.  A more detailed review will replace this.
"Although you'd never know from the name, this is an amazing Portuguese restaurant.  It's my favorite place to get Portuguese food.  Everything I've tried is fabulous, but I just can't get past the Carne de Porco Alentejana dish.  I get it quite often there.  Their caldo verde (soup) is also delicious, along with their bread which I'm 99.999% sure it's from the Portuguese bakery down the street.  It's a small place, so if you have a big group, call ahead.  However, it's not too much of a wait, usually, to be seated.  There is also plenty of space in the bar area, and as another reviewer mentioned, often with older Portuguese men watching some kind of soccer match (but you wouldn't even know they're there while dining on the other side... they're just friendly people enjoying a drink and a game!).  The servers are all friendly and accommodating.  Give it a try!  :)  This is the epitome of hidden gems.  :)


Bonus parking tip:  Behind the restaurant there's a small lot if you can't find room on the street.  Don't go in the big lot across the street or you risk getting towed."
Thanks to yelp, I found this little place.  At first appearance, I was uncertain.  Once inside, it's clean, the service is great and the food is Portuguese yummy & delicious! I've gone back a number of times with family and even had a lunch function there for about 15 people, the owner was attentive to our needs and everyone bragged at how great the food was.  Give it a try.
I've been to 100 Portuguese restaurants from Newark, Fall River, New Bedford, Cambridge, Hartford, as well as many trips to Portugal. This place has authentic, bold flavors, good prices, and a relaxed atmosphere.
This place was really good. Georgie and everyone were very nice. It fell like a good family restaurant where they treat everyone like a family. Best of all, the food was to die for. I had a seafood dish (not sure of the name) and they made it just right. The broth had just right amount of flavor without over powering other ingredients. Highly recommended for someone looking for a good local food.
This is the best Portuguese food I have had in a while with great prices. If you are looking for good authentic Portuguese food this is the place. It doesn't how ever have the ambience of a restaurant as it is very close to the bar. Another downfall is the service here the waiter likes to hang out at the bar a lot and somewhat ignore the people waiting to eat. The server is usually the waiter, host, and bartender on slow nights; it seems unless it was the night we went. If service had improved and the waiter was able to attend to the customers better I would give a better review.
We had a great dinner here, and the lady who seated and served us (I gather she is the wife) was super helpful and friendly.  We had an assortment of appetizers and dishes, and everything was great.  I really love these types of family restaurants where you are made to feel welcome.
This is one of my favorite restaurants on the North Shore.  The food is incredible and authentic. The ambience is cozy and welcoming.
Never have I been to a restaurant where the food was so good i came back  the very next night. My friends felt the same way and they came back as well. My Portuguese friend said the food reminded him of eating the home cooked meals he grew up with. Wednesday night and the place is packed. This place is a must try! I would suggest anything. We all had different meals each night and All was delicious.
Great Portuguese food served like you mother would do it. Great family environment and the prices are great .
This is one of the best steaks around and the prices are outstanding.  Their house steak is served with a creamy masa sauce, while heavy, is absolutely delicious.  Also the steak was perfectly cooked and very tender with little grissle.  The only reason I didnt give it a full 5 stars is the salad was below average and the keilbasa was charred and dry....but maybe thats how it is supposed to be.  It didnt matter as the steak was over the top delicious.  Also, the host/waiter George was as nice and hospitable as it gets.  He's not the owner but he makes sure you feel right at home.  The atmosphere is also a bit bland but casual...overall a tremendous value and a true hidden gem,  I look forward to going back and trying some of the fish dishes
I was really happy , that I tryed this place.i will be going once a week. Also try there Portuguese beer.
The atmosphere is very simple but nice. When you first walk in they have a bar to the left full of Portuguese men drinking, haha. great bread, great kale soup, I got a cod salad which was very good as well. My boyfriend got a steak that was amazing. They did not have the 1 meal I wanted to get there from my childhood (Portuguese grandmother is the best cook) but there is plenty on the menu that I am sure is delicious. I might try out a few other Portuguese restaurants before coming back, just to experience other places.
"Just had the chicken alentejana. They don't have it on the menu but sometimes have it as a special. They have carne alentejana on the menu which is pork but I much prefer the healthier chicken version. I didn't see the chicken version on the specials but asked if they had. The waitress went and asked the chef and came back with the good news. My 2 daughters and myself had it. It was awesome, hope they add it to the regular menu!

Also had the app, garlic shrimp. Ask for plenty of bread as the sauce is out of this world for dipping your bread.

Waitress was also very nice! I give it 5 stars!!!!!"
Great authentic Portuguese cuisine. Fantastic food. Parking is available defiantly a hidden gem.
Oh what a find.   Everything about this restaurant is authentic and true!   Family operated and so the care they offer is real.   The food is all homemade and has varying taste.   We were a table for four.  Three of us had the nightly special:   A grilled swordfish steak, stuffed squid with cubes potatoes, and rabbit with a butter garlic and herb sauce.  My dish, the surf and turf with steak tips were out of this world.   It only were they tender and juicy but the marinade made them have a somewhat sweet taste.    Will be back as you can't find these restaurants everyday
As a Portuguese from Maine living in Vermont, Im constantly searching for home cooking on the road. If you're looking for authentic Portuguese food at a price only Portuguese people would pay, this is your place. From $5 sandwiches to fresh seafood, you won't find a thing on this menu that anything more than reasonably priced. The coffee is exceptional! Expect genuine service and friendly locals, but this is only a good place to go if you're not in a hurry. Service is slow but well worth the wait. Make sure you ask for your check if you're in a hurry, no offense will be taken.
Trackside Bar & Grill is one our favorite Portuguese food restaurants in the North Shore. My wife and I visit Trackside on a regular basis and have not been served a meal we have not enjoyed. Helder, the chef, was born in the island of Madeira and his passion for cookiing is rooted in his family. In addition to the Portuguese traditional dishes on his menu, Helder features weekly specialty dishes. If you want to want to find out what he's cooking, just give him a call. By the way, you may even run into a Portuguese Traditional Cooking author while at Trackside.
"The food is authentic and fantastic and earned a place on my shortlist of bookmarked sites on yelp!

The seafood casserole is fresh and delicious.

The Sagres was fresh as well which is very hard to find. Most places don't sell enough for it to be so good!"
My husband and I wanted a mom and pop local restaurant to eat. Plus, my husband wanted to try Portuguese food. There were extra parking in the back of the restaurant, which smelled so bad. The place had a small bar inside. When we came inside no one came to greet you, wasn't sure if we can just sit anywhere. After standing for a few mins, a guy from the bar came over. He sat us down and gave us the menu. Other customers starting to come in and they wanted to sit at the bar. The man that worked at the bar took the customers at the bar first. We thought oh maybe he's just the bartender and our waiter is in the back. We kept waiting for 8 mins and no one came by. My husband and I kept looking around. The bartender notice us and came over and took our drink and food order. I told my husband, they need server on the floor since he seems to like to be at the bar. Our foods were great. We ordered the little neck clams, pan fried pork medallion, and baked scallops. The food were so good... my husband waited for the bartender to come back to refill his water but no one came by he walked by us 4 times and nothing so my husband drank from my cup. When the bartender came by we just gave him our credit card because we knew it was going to be a long wait. Which we were right. He kept talking at the bar.. overall place has great food but slow service. They need extra help on the floor.
My friends and I went to Trackside the first time for lunch. Amazing food and customer service. We had the sausage, which was a bit dry but flavorful; the grilled octopus which was amazingly the best octopus I've ever had, tender yet remained that chewy texture, not too much seasoning so you can actually taste the sea; the seafood stew was significantly good, a lot of seafood in there but the broth was what impressed me. Nothing to complain about this place. Definitely coming back soon!
"Food can take a while if the restaurant is busy, but it's definitely worth it.

We ended up getting there around 8pm on Friday and had to wait for 45 minutes for the food. Good thing they give you snacks (olives, bread, and salad/soup if your entree comes with one) while you wait. We ordered seafood stew and the octopus. The food was amazing and they make you feel right at home."
The epitome of a wonderfully fantastic family owned and operated establishment. A personal family favorite for since their beginning and I cannot speak of a higher praise for them. Small and homely, and always welcoming. The special menu should always be your first consideration for amazing limited time items, while their staple menu never disappoints. Limited parking in the area so just be vigilant depending on when you arrive. But the shining gen outside of their wonderful offerings is always the beautiful gem Monica who makes your heart melt as she takes the best care of you.
"We live in Oklahoma.  Seafood was a must do for us while in Peabody.  We wanted excellent!  We found it.  Trackside is ""The"" restaurant for eating in Peabody. Ethnic or American preperation, take your pick, they have both.  Small, seats 40, very attentive wait staff, willing to take the time to ensure you understand the food & wine combinations.  We will return."
We went to the restaurant because it got good reviews and we were not disappointed. The Portugese wine and beer were excellent. The Kale soup was delicious and the rolls were warm and soft. I got the grilled chicken salad. The mixed salad was fresh and the chicken had a slight spicy taste which was good. My husband got garlic steak with garlic shrimp. The meat was tender and the garlic sauce was very good. The waiter was very attentive. The restaurant is small but very clean. I certainly would go back again.
Welcoming, friendly, with good, authentic Portuguese food. We stopped by on a hot afternoon, looking for a cool drink, and stayed for a perfect grilled octopus appetizer and tasty fish stew. Everything about this place says that the owner really cares.
"I wanted to come here for sometime because of the reviews and because I miss the small Portuguese restaurants I used to go to with coworkers in Caracas, a long time ago. I was delighted and will be back. 
I ordered a Portuguese beer, collard greens soup, grilled cuttlefish (calamari), and a decaf expresso. All perfect!  Have you ever praised a decaf expresso? This one deserves it. 
I ordered cod fish cakes to go ( croquettes). I could not resist and tried one... Different from the ones I am used to, but really good. 

 I will be back."
doesn't look like much on the outside, but it's a classic and authentic portuguese restaurant. my family and i attend here often and are never disappointed. viva portugal!!
Now we talking, I love portugese food, growing up and had a few friends that were from Portugal, I somehow always made my way to their family dinners. Just to see the variety of special dishes from cod fish to octopus I was in love. Now track side is a hole in a wall, their food is so good and fresh. The waiter who pretty much does everything in this place, I was surprised he didn't cook. This guy's took care of all his patrons, he seemed a little edgy but that's the way he is. Let's start with the food. First order grilled octopus it was so good 2nd order was again grilled octopus this really was that good, tender not to chewy,  That's important most places over cook or under cook. Grilled chicken not as good as my J&J in Somerville as I compare everything to it. Fish stew for the price and freshness this dish is filled with goodies.  From mussels, calamaro, shrimp, cod, little necks, and even potatoes. Also lastly  was the house fries, sliced round and thin like chips, I think they were baked cause there was not one touch of grease on them. They were delicious. Will be back again
There is NOTHING like good ole Fall River and New Bedford Mass when it comes to real Portugese food. Until now! This is as good as being back home. In addition to the amazing food, the service and people will ensure your experience matches the quality of food. Throw out the Chorizo Florida and go try some Chourice! You'll never go back!
"The drinks are strong!! First things first we made reservations! Once we arrive they took our temperature on our wrist. Mask were worn until we sat then we could take them off. Every went smooth and fast. 

I had the Camarao A Chef, I asked for the spicy version. Unfortunately it was over cooked and not spicy at all... we also ordered the cod fritters, this is very salty and if you don't like fish you will not like this appetizers. We also had the calamari, which was heavily breaded and over cooked.  

The clams were ok but didn't have much flavor for me, but everyone else liked them. The Chourico A bombeiro was well season and was fun to watch, we may have watched it to long because it was very chard. The kids had steak, rice and fries. The meat was over cooked for them, as they like medium. The sardines were good and well seasoned. The Caesar salad had way to much dressing and was not served with Romain lettuce  but taco lettuce.. 

The service was amazing and our server was very outstanding!! Very accommodating, and understanding!! Which is why they got the fourth star for me. They get $$ from me everything is affordable. The drinks were amazing and strong. No complaints there. Overall we enjoyed the drinks and company but the food just wasn't for us. We would return for drinks for sure!!"
"I felt like we traveled to Portugal, when I stepped inside this  very pretty  little restaurant!  Extremely charming, and truly authentic.  It was so pretty, I thought I'd share photos before the lunch crowd came (we got there before noon)

The waitress was from Portugal and was extremely helpful and knowledgeable on the menu. 

For the appetizer we chose the octopus and squid dish. It was awesome!  The octopus  melted in my mouth and the squid was also very good, not chewy like some are   

My husband had the Bacalhau a Ze do piping o, it was extremely  tasty and  was plenty for TWO people.  My choice was Bacalhau a Lagarerio, another big (yummy) plate. My plate was drizzled in olive oil, which was good oil, but next time I'm gonna ask them to use very little oil. 

I'm coming back to try the garlic shrimp."
"I'm not a Florida local but I heard this place was good and it seemed to have good reviews on here. I have also never had Portuguese food before besides egg tarts. 

The place is super cute with hearts and blue and white walls (see picture). I got the steak with the eggs, I forgot what it's called (sorry) and it was delicious! I think I've only had eggs on top of my steak one other time but this time was just as good! My boyfriend on the other hand got a codfish dish which he liked but I thought it could use a bit more seasoning or something. We also got the egg tarts and I'm not sure if I'm forgetting what it's supposed to taste like but the top was hot and the bottom was cold. I don't think they're supposed to be like this but again I'm not sure. Overall it was yummy and you should definitely get the steak!"
Beautiful restaurant, great service, amazing authentic Portuguese Cuisine! I had the shrimp appetizer, grilled Octopus and Pastel de natas dessert...ALL AMAZING
Great spot in the heart of Dr Phillips!  Really enjoyed the service and food!  Will be back soon!
Great food and service.  Authentic Portuguese meals.  The bacalhau is amazing.  Family run place that reminds me of home.
This is the best food I have eaten for a long time. I have been to Portugal and their cuisine is great and this is the same authenticity and even better quality. The owner and the people who work there make you feel you're family. They are the real deal. Highly highly recommend it.
Food and service were great. Clean and great aesthetic. We had the potato soup, octopus, steak, lobster, and calamari. The calamari is a heavier breading (reminds me of how we had it in Germany), the show stealer was the Octopus- so so so good. Steak and lobster were seasoned well. Stefani was a great server, answered our many questions, very nice and the right amount of attention to our table and meal. I bumped to a 5, since I couldn't give a 4.5 (based on dessert- it was just ok- Grandmother's sweets, I think was the name).
Excellent Portuguese food. Courteous service and nice decor. I felt at home. They served the biggest Gambas I've ever seen, the Bacalhau à Brás was delicious, and the Pastéis de Nata to die for.
A great Portuguese restaurant. Amazing food, I ordered traditional Bacalhau a Gomes de Sá which was excellent. As appetizers we ordered bolinhos de bacalhau. Great service, great fados(traditional Portuguese music) playing. A well deserved reopening for Orlando.
Amazing food & staff. Very attentive and friendly. Real authentic Portuguese food, full of flavor. Bread is my favorite, it's amazing!
Absolutely the most amazing experience! We moved from Connecticut and we could never find a Portuguese restaurant however my birthday was on Thursday and my boyfriend found this location!! It was an extremely emotional experience for me I felt like I was home again if you are truly missing Portuguese cuisine I would definitely recommend this place. The young lady that took care of us name was Thalita!!! I highly recommend her extremely sweet attentive 10 out of 10!! If you're reading this I just want to thank you for my birthday experience you made it truly wonderful!!!!
OMG! A hidden gem in the rough. Not everybody's first thought is a Portugese restaurant... But you should try this place. Pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and quality of the dishes. My in laws are Portugese and I've had some REALLY good authentic for over the years. This place was all that... Authentic and quality. Yummmm! Definitely coming back
Wow!!! Ambiance, service, flavors, options all incredible! Made sure you get to try some of their house-made hot sauce! Incredible!
Had the privilege of having dinner at this restaurant last night. Being so far away from a Portugese community visit Orlando with family and going to Dinner at Lisbon sure made me feel like I was in Lisbon. If Portuguese food and culture is what you are looking for this is the place to visit. The food was outstanding, we were a party of nine so there were many different dishes, they were all outstanding. Best of luck to Rui and his family you made me proud of being Portuguese, I can't wait to come back.
"This place definitely deserves 5 stars. Even during this pandemic, they manage to have fresh ingredients and keep the quality high!!!! 

Clams were sweet and fresh. AND the extra virgin olive oil sure deserves acclamation! You can tell they use high quality oil. Wine! Portugese wine we had was excellent. 

We ordered cod fritter, clams and Portugese sausage for appetizer. Excellent! 
Dinner we ordered Octopus and pork chop (for my child, otherwise I would have ordered a whole fish).  Delicious and delicious!!!!

Why am I writing this? Because a place like this should stay open. Quality of food is just so so amazing"
"Tonight I got to have a very special dining experience. Lisbon is a unique Portuguese restaurant. They specialize in the Portuguese food of the Azores. The food I grew up with busting family in Southeast Massachusetts. 
We started with the Pasteis de Bacalhau. These are codfish fritters that are made with salted cod. My mom makes these and I told her I liked these better. They were light and fluffy, they are battered and fried. They have a nice mild flavor and are a nice way to start. You get six in a potion. 
We also had the chourico a Bombeiro. This a link of Portuguese sausage served flambé table side. This is the chourico I grew up with. Nice sausage made with chunks of pork. A nice flavor that was highlighted by the sauce that was used to flambé. 
Next we moved onto entrees. I had Carne de Porco Alentejana. This is roast pork with little neck clams and fried potatoes. This is one of my favorite Portuguese dishes and this did not disappoint. There was an abundance of Little necks and pork. The potatoes were on the bottom and helped soak up the yummy red wine sauce. There was also a nice amount of garlic in this dish.  Mmmm.  
My mom had the Bacalhau du Lagareiro. This was a large piece of salted cod with red potatoes, tomatoes, peppers, onions, garlic. This was a nice large 6-8 oz portion of cod and was tender and flaky. The Portuguese olive oil they use has a distinct flavor of olive that stands out and pairs well with the fish and potatoes. 
My dad had the Febras Grelhadas. This was marinated roast pork that is grilled. It is served with rice and French fries. Weird but delicious. The pork reminded him of of pork his uncle made when he was younger. He was in heaven.  
For dessert we had the Pasteis de Belem. These are a classic Portuguese Egg Custard tart. Two per dessert and as good as any I have ever had, if not better. They are warm and flaky.  
We also had Doce de Avo, Grandmas Sweet, this is a layered Egg Custard, Sweet Creme and Maria Cookies that are crushed up. A nice sweet to end an amazing meal."
100% loved everything from the waitress, best food, great wines and SUPER owner and Chef!!
Lisbon Portugese! the food is delicious the tapas are exquisite, the atmosphere the employees are excellent, the best beer and the green wines super refreshing, it is one of my favorite restaurants . Love it!
Best, fresh amazing food.  Lot of great seafood. Great service . when there with a 20 people and we try about almost anything. Delicious!!!
I tried the clams and the carne the porco à alentejana, and they were both amazing. My wife had the bitoque and she really likes it. We will definitely come back next time we are in Orlando.
One of those visits that starts off rocky, maybe a little chaotic - some of it service related on their side, some of it timing related on our side - and by the end of dinner none of it matters!! The food was fantastic, the service recovery on point, and the leftovers the next day just as good!! The flavors on the Bitoque blew me away in how well blended they were with just a hint across the top of those marinated peppers that just brought it all to life. True family owned/operated venue from what we learned. Looking forward to going back when the Dad is back in the kitchen. If his staff is that good without him - he must be spectacular!!
This place a must Visit while in Orlando. The food was superb. We had the seafood rice and was to die for. The appetizers wEre very good and plentiful. The sangria was excellent. Our server was Roberto very knowledgeable, diligent and helpful. Nice setting. We had too much appetizers so we didn't have dessert. Very cost effective. Highly recommended.
Sat in house for our meal tonight, the food was delicious and cooked perfectly. Portions are plentiful for the prices, but make sure you leave just enough room for dessert! The service is super friendly and they don't  hesitate to ask if you need anything. For COVID friendly dining experience they ask you have your mask on until you're seated and they check your temperature when you walk in the door. All their tables are spaced far enough apart for a delightful experience with social distancing between parties. Highly recommended and will definitely be coming back again!
"I went in for dessert only. The pasteis de belém are to die for. Maravilhoso!

Sadly this is not a restaurant for vegetarians as the only option is salad, which I find very boring. Lisbon, fica a dica, adicionem opções vegetarianas mais elaboradas no cardápio. Grata! :)"
"This Portuguese restaurant is beautiful and clean. My entree, bacalhau a bras, was delicious and the red and wine Sangria perfection! The dessert, pasteis de Belem, were amazing, served warm - just melted in my mouth!
Our server, Bruno, was friendly and provided outstanding service. I can't wait to go back!"
"We went with a larger party so we were sure to have a reservation.  They required masks until seated and took temperatures before heading in.  

We ordered some of the specialty cocktails and my favorite was the Portugese Caipirinha.  It was strong, but the flavors were still refreshing for me.  

We ordered a few appetizers - salted cod fish, little neck clams, calamari, and sausage.  All were very tasty for our table. My favorites were the clams and felt they were cooked perfectly in the white wine sauce.  For my entrée I ordered the Camarao A Chef.  It was sautéed shrimp in a Portugese sauce.  I asked for mine to be not spicy  and it was very tasty.  It also comes with some rice and french fries on the side.  It was a lot of carbs for me, but I just at the shrimp and had some of the rice with them.  

The service was great and they were very attentive with making sure all items came out and drinks/water were filled and ordered as needed.  I can't say I would get a craving for Portugese food, but it was a nice change of pace and option for dinner that I would go back to again."
"My husband and I visited Lisbon Portuguese Restaurant several times at its old location in Icon Park. We were very happy when we found out that they were not closing but instead relocating close by. The new restaurant is now located in the Dr. Phillips Marketplace next to Domu. The inside is very relaxing and they offer the same level of professional and  friendly service. 

My husband and I started with Pasteis de Bacalhau ($11.00) and the Alheira. ($13.00) The salted cod fish fritters and the Portuguese sausage are favorites of my husbands so we order them every time that we visit. They are consistently exceptionally made and never disappoint. For entrees we decided on the Arroz de Marisco. ($44.00) The broth was very flavorful and the rice with seafood was plentiful. The dish had lots of clams, shrimp, mussels, squid and octopus. 

We ended our meal with two Portuguese Lattes ($7.00), egg custard tart ($7.00) and Grandma's Sweet. ($9.00) The tart was very good but Grandma's Sweet was outrageously delicious. It had layers of sweet cream, Maria biscuits and egg yolk creme topping. I loved it!!!"
"Amazing homemade food! The truffle mashed potatoes and bacalhau... yammmm 
My favorite main course so far is the carnitas with a piri piri sauce on the side."
The place is really nice, service was excellent and the food glorious! A great place for a Sunday chill day with friends, family or loved ones. The only thing I would say is that they need a better parking, since it's a small but really nice place.
It's all of 5 stars and they haven't even opened on the full menu yet. Can't wait for the full grand opening. Amazing addition to the neighborhood.
We decided to try this new place for Sunday lunch. The mimosa was great, very large, very full grass. My boyfriend couldn't decide on the beer, so the waitress brought out samples for him. Overall we had a woderful experience, I am giving 4 stars only because there was too much cheese in my quesadilla. The monster fries were delicious and spicy. I loved the interior design and the tablewear: what a refreshing European feel without pretentious  over-decorating. The owner (or manager) freeted us at the door and bid his farewell as we were leaving. Also, the bar has indoor/ outdoor seating which will be awesome once the weather cools off. Highly recommend to stop by for small bites or a full meal if you feel like home-made food.
Great neighborhood eatery. We are glad they finally opened   We ordered the peri peri chicken.  You get a half of a chicken that is moist from being brined for 36 hours.  It was served with a tangy peri peri sauce on the side that you can use at your discretion but is a classic flavor combination. The sauce was-also  great on the perfectly cooked fries.  It came with one of the best side salads I have had lightly dressed with their house dressing.  Service was friendly and efficient.   You can fine on the porch where there was a duo playing this Saturday night or inside which was a bit noisy with a full house.
"Although we had not experienced their food truck, how fortunate we are to be able to walk to Bem Bom on Corrine.  After a long wait during the construction, and one false start when we thought they were open and walked over recently to find they weren't ( that's okay, we kept walking to 1803 Pizza Kitchen around the corner), we got in for dinner this past Saturday at about 6:30.  The table service is open now, and there was a large party of 18 taking up two tables and most of the restaurant. We sat at one of the few 2 tops, but quickly realized that the noise would affect our dining experience so opted to be moved to the outside bar window.

First, I have to say that the wait staff was very friendly and helpful.  We ordered chips and salsa for 2 (2.95), guacamole(9.00)right off the bat,and it was delicious. We also had a glass of wine each.  The dishes were explained, and we settled for a piri piri chicken dish ( barbecue half chicken with a dipping sauce) which came with fries (perfectly cooked and a bit salty) and a rather small typical salad (13.95), and an order of 3 Carnitas Tacos, which were pork (10.95).   Carnitas were great, tasty and fresh.  The chicken dish is supposed to be served with a brush to apply the dipping sauce however they had run out of brushes, and the barkeep only found that out after the dish arrived and had to ask for it. My first bites of the leg were wonderful, as was the subsequent thigh, however when we got around to the breast, we found it  a bit rubbery and tough, and though not rare, it was just barely over that threshold, and it definitely could have stood an an additional few minutes cooking to make it as tender as the dark meat.

I found the atmosphere overall fun and casual, and it reminded me of sidling up to a bar stool at a beach bar.  The outside patio which fronts Corinne filled up while we were there, and the guitarist arrived and began to play. Music was just right - (provided background ambiance and didn't overshadow the dining experience by being overly loud).  

I'd like to try again when less busy - this is a welcome addition to the Corinne corridor which now has many great little spots.  It would be great if they could find a way to minimize the noise inside the restaurant.  I think the floors were concrete, and though probably easy to maintain, they promoted the sound level to an unpleasant din.  I also hope they provide more shade on the patio soon."
We tried Ben Bom tonight for the first time and needless to say we'll be back often. A great neighborhood vibe on the inside and out. The food is terrific. My wife and I shared the queso blanco. We both had the painted fish tacos. My wife had hers lightly seasoned and I had mine as presented on the menu. Great hardly describes them. With the cabbage, radishes and avocados. Fresh. Had the nata, Portuguese egg custard for desert. Great food. Attentive service. Well worth a try.
When we walked in, I knew we picked a perfect date night location. The ambiance was superb with live music. The staff was great, our waiter was very descriptive to help picture each dish and where they import from. The braised pork prego was full of fresh flavor. The chicken sausage appetizer special was delicious. The sausage was cooked to perfections, crunchy outside and the inside fell apart. Definitely will be going back to try more dishes.
"Food is absolutely delicious. All of the staff was really nice and attentive. Nelson our server was fantastic and knew about every dish. They have a ""specials"" menu that changes and a regular menu that stays. Authentic food. Definitely will be back."
We live in the Winter Park area and have been patiently waiting for Ben Bom to open and it was definitely worth the wait! Really delicious food! My husband had the lamb burger and I had the smoked chicken enchiladas and both were delicious. Can't wait to return and try something else!!
"After the longest wait...Bem Bom finally opened! We are so happy to have them in the neighborhood! As soon as we walked in we were greeted by someone that seemed like the manager/owner(great first impression). The restaurant is small but not lacking any character. One of the walls is made of wine boxes. 

We had the queso and carnitas tacos. The tacos were killer! You can tell they were created with love and care! Loved the house beer also. Only miss was my daughters order came out as we were leaving. I'll probably eat there a few times a month!"
Fantastic!!! Food is inane and the service is so friendly!!!  I love the carnitas nachos and can't wait to go back to experience more dishes!!!
"Ben Bom is my favorite restaurant along the Corrine corridor. The atmosphere is lively and the food fresh. Everything is pretty much made to order that I've had off the menu. 

I would say Bem Bom is more Mexican influenced than a traditional Portuguese restaurant. The carnitas tacos are fantastic. They are charred enough that you get that 'crunch,' yet moist and flavorful. My picky 7 year old loves the queso dip and the quesadilla. Add in the fries and it is a kid friendly menu. The salads are huge and fresh. 

The house salsa is red and delicious. It has a slow heat. The chips are always warm and fresh. I've asked for a spicier salsa, and the chef whipped up something on the spot. It was fantastic. Seemed to be a avocado, lime, habanero combo if I had to guess. Whatever it was, it was fantastic.

They have daily specials. I highly recommend these. I tried the skirt steak the other night. It was a little undercooked in my opinion, but the flavor was masterful. I had asked for medium, but was give medium rare/borderline rare. I'm a believer that flank steak should be cooked longer than that.

I'm a boring beer drinker. I like lagers and pilsners. I can't say I'm wild about the beer selection. The special Red Light brew is not bad. Not my cup of tea, but not too offensive. I abhor hops, so the other choices do not fit my palette. The wife seems to enjoy the 10$ glasses of wine a bit too much I must say. ;)

The atmosphere is lively. I love the energy. I would not come here if you want a nice quiet evening. The inside borders on too noisy. The place is tight so it only takes one tipsy, Baldwin Park, loudmouth to talk above the din of the crowd, and make the everyone audibly ill. 

Another factor adding to the noise is the bad light jazz they pump through the speakers. The music has a more of a 'Dr.'s Office' vibe than a fun, energetic restaurant should be. If you like jazz then why not some 'Getz-Gilberto?' You gotta rock something with more class than Kenny G! I appreciate the fact they have live music outdoors, but have yet to see anyone I've really enjoyed. Sorry, I'm a music snob as well. But seeing how great the vibe is there, the decor and food is great, great music would elevate the experience even moor! Plus - 'Music is good for the digestion!' (Tuco - Good the Bad the Ugly)"
delicious food! great fusion between Mexican and Portuguese cusine. Very nice selection of draft beer, wine. And live music! best place on Audubon Park and Corrine Dr
This place maybe small but never underestimate it! The Food, Beer, and Service are all amazing!!! Make sure you try the specials and the fries. Will certainly be making a trip back.
Food was delicious  in a place not so appealing with a short writing menu but the waitress tell you the hidden specials  and the chef is portugués amazing
"Never had Portuguese food before but have heard great things from friends who have visited the country! Thus i was so excited to try out this popular food truck's new restaurant!

I decided to go with the grilled chicken Classico combo and have the piri piri and lemon mustard sauce on the side. You can get the same combo with the chicken marinaded in the piri piri.. if your heart desires something spicy.

Everything was delicious! The sauces were to die for and i requested the owners sell bottles of their sauces because i wanted to take it home! The chicken skin was crispy and the meat was still moist and juicy!

The salad was nicely dressed but i would pass on the French fries if i could!

As for the pastel de nata - sooo good!! Don't be deceived by the slight black on the egg tart! It's because they are baked but the inside is perfect! I have seen pictures of them from my friends Portugal travel pics and they are suppose to look that way!

If you ever had dim sum - It's reminiscent of the Chinese egg tart but a diff crust. I would say I prefer the Portuguese version over the Asian version! I know blasphemy but trust me.. give it a try!

Overall great food and fast service ! Will be back"
"When I first arrived, I was amazed by the atmosphere. There were cute little kids running around (implying it's a family friendly atmosphere) with string lights hanging above us. They had great uplifting live music that created a vibe. We were already greeted warmly when we arrived and the waitresses were fabulous with frequent check-ins. 

Pro tip #1: GET THE ENCHILADAS. Even the waitresses can vouch that it's the most popular dish there. It will change your life."
Amazing, amazing, amazing. Had the Portuguese chorizo sandwich (off menu item). Wow!!! On point, bursting with flavor! Just enough spice, but not too spicy. Great sandwich. Will be back. Hungry for more.
Good food, great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Recommended for a chill night for some wine and food! :)
"This restaurant has such good atmosphere. We actually wanted to eat another near by place but it was along wait so we checked yelp and this was in walking distance. 
It has a really nice ambiance inside and out..the outside seating has those lights I'm a sucker for. We actually had one of the specials that wasn't on the menu. That was an odd thing. There were about 7 specials that weren't on the menu and our waiter verbally offered. This caused us to forget half of them while deciding what to get. The waitress was super nice and didn't mind the questions though. We went with the filet mignon burger. It was good just not really worth the price. I've had better for less. They also didn't let the burger rest enough and all the juices made the bun soggy.  
We did have a bread basket appetizer that brought different cheese and that was really yummy. We also had the Bom fries which have basil and other seasoning and they were pretty yummy. Kind of like truffle fries. I would absolutely give this place another shot and try the BBK which is their specialty and sounded really good. Give it a try and let me know what you liked!"
This place is amazing! Chef Chico's food is so delicious! My favorite is the rockin tacos! Service was good. Restaurant design is perfect for the area. It's a must try!
"While I've only been here once so far the Tacos were out of this world, also their signature beer brewed by Red Light Red Light was delicious.

I look forward to trying more of this menu."
This place is a gemstone.  Everything was so tasty.  It is a combination of mexican and Portuguese.  The special seam to lean to be Portuguese inspired. The menu had a heavier flavor of Mexican.  We ordered the mushroom quesadilla. They came out fast and delicious.  Tons of creamy cheese and a bunch of mushrooms.  We ordered one side salad and that did not take to long to come out.  It was a good size for a small salad and everything was fresh.  The main dishes took over 30 minutes to get to us.... with that said everything is made fresh.  Fish is tricky unless you know what you are doing and this chef does.  It was cooked to perfection.  The smoked enchilada were good but not much chicken was inside.  Then we got the custard for dessert. 2 small custard pastry cups but they were good.  We also got some port wines.  We liked them all.  We will go back.
We were headed to another restaurant and so glad we pulled over to try Bem Bom.  Portuguese style Filet Mignon with truffle whipped potato and fried egg is excellent. My wife had the painted shrimp Tacos and she really enjoyed them as well.  Perfect meal and great service especially the big guy behind the bar.
"Wonderful new addition to the food scene near Baldwin Park... They have a regular menu and an ""off-menu"" menu which I was told rotates weekly.  I'll be back to try every item they offer.  I noted a small bar, outdoor seating as well as children's seats which is great for families.  A food truck was parked in their lot; clearly the owners honed their skills before opening here. I wish them luck!"
Wonderful ambiance and friendly staff. Everything we tried was absolutely delicious, but our favorite was the nachos from the starter menu. They have such a unique flavor profile, and the portion is well worth the price. We also recommend the prego chicken sandwich and bomb fries!
Been here three times and every time its been epic. AJ the owner is personable and takes care of his customers. The cod fillet was on of the best I've had, the carnitas were perfectly done with the right amount of spice. The nachos were killer and the bread is unreal how good it is. This is the restaurant this neighborhood has needed. Staff is awesome too.
Our first experiencd with Portugese cuisine.  The place has a decent size indoor seating , but chose the outdoor patio overlooking Corrine Dr.  The waitress was quick to get our order.  We first chose the queso and freshly made chips for an appetizer, which were excellent.  Our main entree was the Piri-Piri style Churrasco chicken, that was okay.  Other than being nicely cooked, the chicken and flavor was okay.  Portions were good.  Can't say we were amazed by the food, but we're open for a second try.
"Very good Portuguese good in a town that's lacking it!! Really love the Portuguese tiles on the wall and the use of Portuguese ceramics too. We got the slow cooked chicken with hot Piri Piri sauce and it was awesome! Perfectly cooked, good portion size, and a light kick to the sauce (it's not very spicy). The bomb fries are also delicious, though small portion for the price. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. Even our rice and beans were yummy! 

Only oddity was the pastel de nata were served cold in the middle, though the flaky crusts were hot. I've eaten these in Portugal and Macau and never experienced cold custard in the middle. Rather odd but the flavor was still really good, not too sweet and a nice finish to our meal. The only downside is that the music playing was really loud, which made all the guests have to speak louder, which meant we could barely have a conversation across the table and our throats were sore afterwards."
"The food was solid but the air conditioning was broken so the restaurant was stuffy and uncomfortable.

We got the roasted chicken with a piri-piri sauce that came with a mini paintbrush, fries, and a salad. The chicken was well seasoned and cooked perfectly with crisp skin & juicy meat.

We also ordered the enchiladas and the kitchen topped them with two different sauces and a side of beans.  The enchiladas were delicious!

We will definitely be back but may opt to get takeout so we can enjoy the food in a comfortable environment."
Been here three times and every time its been epic. AJ the owner is personable and takes care of his customers. The cod fillet was on of the best I've had, the carnitas were perfectly done with the right amount of spice. The nachos were killer and the bread is unreal how good it is. This is the restaurant this neighborhood has needed. Staff is awesome too!
"I was excited to have a sit down experience at Bem Bom after the mind-blowing lamb burger food truck experience. We wanted to order everything, but we were able to contain ourselves.

We started off with the chicken nachos, and they were AMAZING! We also ordered the Piri Piri Chicken and lamb burger with Bom fries. The Piri Piri Chicken was quite underwhelming; it just tasted like regular grilled chicken with no special flavor. I was hoping to have the flavor infused in the chicken rather than just some sauce to put on top. I would say the same for the fries. However, that lamb burger came through and did not fail us! 

The atmosphere was great; loved the open feel with the doors open to welcome the beautiful weather. And we certainly enjoyed the live music.
I would definitely give Bem Bom another shot and try some other items on the menu."
Absolutely love the food here. I was a huge fan of their truck but this was my first time visiting their stand alone restaurant. I went with my usual the fish tacos and they did not disappoint. We did order their guacamole and honestly, it was one of the best I've ever had. I really cannot say anything negative about their food. Additionally the restaurant is very nice. Have a nice seating area on the patio. Not a place you would want to go with a big group but besides that, there is nothing not to like. Looking forward to coming again and maybe have their lamb burger
Had a tremendous first time experience.  The food was amazing. The service was excellent.  The live music put it over the top.  A Ringer in the date night game!
"Been wanting to try for awhile and so glad we did. Sat outside at the bar and had a great server. Lots of choices, good wine list... beer could be more varied. 
The food was amazing... carnitas tacos were delicious and the filet special with mashed potatoes was even better. Our app also very tasty. This will be a regular for us in the future! Can't wait to try the lamb burger next time."
"Really cute place with great atmosphere. A little loud for my taste inside (they should put something to lower the echo) but the food was really good and at a decent price. 
Had live music Saturday night with a great band."
"We came here a little past 5pm on a Sunday, and we were immediately seated, but the actual service was quite slow. It took us around half an hour to get all of our food after we ordered, which, considering we were one of four parties, shouldn't have happened. 

However, the food was phenomenal; you MUST try their truffle whipped potatoes. We loved it so much we ended up getting two more 32 oz orders. The entrees are pretty good too - if you get the meals, make sure to get the rice and beans, as the fries are pretty generic and not at all interesting. I had the Classico style chicken. It was a little bland at first, but after I squeezed the lemon onto them my mouth was a fiesta! I tried a bit of my friend's carnita meal, and the carnitas were on the drier side, but still tasty nonetheless. 

While I'm not raving about this place, it's definitely worth a try if you happen to be in the area!"
"Very impressed. They had great selection, but the flavors of a variety of food we ordered was unique and delicious.  We enjoyed our server, Nelson, and how he told us about all the unique chef specials as well
 We will definitely be back."
"Found Bem Bom by accident because the wait at Domu was TWO HOURS for a table for 3! I'm so glad we ended up at Bem Bom instead! We managed to get a table without a wait (lucky break because the restaurant was packed).

It's a small place but they have a large patio with heat lamps for cooler weather. There was live music  on the Saturday night that added to the charm and ambience in Bem Bom. Although the category is Portuguese, there are Latin items on the menu that are to die for! We ordered chips and guacamole, carnitas tacos and drinks. Everything tasted fresh and delicious. 

Will definitely come back next time we're in Orlando!"
"Food:
The menu is reasonably priced and has a range of offerings. I ordered the BBQ chicken Classico and was disappointed by it. However the homemade sauces were delicious and boosted the chicken up. The middle of the chicken was dry and the Classico rub didn't come through enough. All in all a 4/10. I also tried the enchiladas and they were delicious. The enchiladas saved the experience for me and are the reason I will be coming back 8.5/10. 
Atmosphere:
I went to Bem Bom for the first time and was immediately impressed by the atmosphere. Saturday night they have live music and an open air bar which creates a fun vibe.
Service: 
Everyone couldn't have been friendlier and checked up on us frequently. 

Overall I will come back to try out more of the menu, I just wasn't impressed with the BBQ chicken."
Pretty small menu but what they do, they do very well. The atmosphere is adorable, the staff is always friendly and the food is very fresh. The queso in particular is fantastic.
"This was my first time trying Bem Bom and it lived up to the name! I ordered the Cod fish which was absolutely amazing! My husband and I went to Portugal in September and were craving some
Of their delicious fish and Bem Bom got it right! Nice seating outside with a live band playing Brazilian music. If you are thinking about trying it, you won't be disappointed."
Great food, out of specials and didn't tell you till you decided you wanted them already (@5:30)
"Ever been to Bem Bom? Me either, until now! To be honest my lady and I were trying to go to Domu but when they told us the line was an hour and a half I lost my lid. That's when we figured this might be a sign for us to try new things on Corrine. 

While just a skip away from East End Market, this little spot is easy to pass but always tends to catch my eye at night. They have the front porch patio always lit up with trendy lights that just beckons you to come over and have a beer or two on a cool night. Which is definitely the vibe considering they a few solid imports on draft. 

By the way, did I mention this is a Portuguese cuisine spot? Well if the name didn't give it away, or the aromas, then the menu should. The first item I ever tried was actually the lamb burger and it was coincidentally for their food truck that they first started out on. Fully recommend that if burger is what your craving but if you want to go the poultry route then I'd recommend the Piri-Piri BBK chicken. It had just enough spice and heat to keep me going. 

P.S - if you're like me and spice is what keeps your soul alive these days then definitely order the chips n salsa. I was not expecting that type of heat in such a traditional appetizer."
"Came here on a holiday and to our surprise they were open! (I called twice to make sure but no answer but we had to pass by here anyway and saw that they were open.)
Walked in, kindly seated by our server who seemed to be the only one working the whole front/dining. 
It was fairly busy so I could see why the phone wasn't being answered (seemed short staffed.)
Ordered some chips, and sangria to start and they were both good! The chips tasted fresh and the sangria wasn't overly sweet which was nice. 
I ordered the quesadilla and that was SO good! The portion was of a good size and overall dish was yummy. 
The day I went there was live music playing. Personally I thought it was too loud especially because the space is pretty small but if you enjoy that then that's probably a plus for you!
I'd come here again"
"In my husband's words, ""Really outstanding."" The guacamole was very well prepared, fresh and tasty. The tortilla chips were served warm, not oily and a nice thickness. My traditional Portuguese cheese sandwich with thin sliced jalapeño peppers, so good. He had the pork sandwich. Slow cooked and very delicious. Great cantina atmosphere and excellent service. We will put this one on our top ten."
Great food and ambiance. I went with a friend on a Saturday night and we sat outside on the patio. It was so pleasant to sit outside with live music and delicious food. Will definitely be back again.
"A friend and I were tossing out ideas on where to eat one night. I wanted to go somewhere I'd never been to before, so I checked the ""What's New"" section here on Yelp. Bem Bom caught my eye. ""Portuguese? That's not something I see everyday in Orlando."" My friend thought I was recommending a food truck, which isn't a bad thing, because Bem Bom started out as a food truck, and food trucks tend to be pretty awesome. Now, they have their own permanent home on Corrine, and I cannot recommend this place to you enough.

First things first, the interior is a tad small, yet cozy. There is outdoor seating as well. Seeing as how our Florida Winter is almost gone, patio dining here seems like it would be lovely. Also, they're on Corrine Drive, so you know parking is a bit limited. It's not their fault, and there are plenty of parking lots nearby that will accommodate you.

The decor is comforting and lovely. I never felt a, ""What the heck were they thinking?"" feeling with the design of the interior. My buddy and I were seated very quickly, and our waitress came by to explain the gist of Bem Bom and what they have to offer. Along with their usual menu items, they have some specials of the day, which is always a plus in my book. For drinkers, they have a selection of alcohol in house but they also have some options from the nearby Red Light, Red Light. Our waitress was happy to have us sample things before we made a final decision.

We started off with some chips and dip, and both were extounding. The chips and salsa are all made in house, and I probably would have been satisfied by the appetizers alone. 

I ended up ordering carnitas tacos. I'm a bit of a stranger to Portuguese food, so I chose what I felt was the safest option for a beginner. Also, I love spicy food, so when the waitress told me the sauce would be hot, I was like, ""Bring it on!"" To me surprise, their hot sauce is actually pretty damn hot. Most places oversell their hot sauce, but Bem Bom is not screwing around. If you want hot sauce, you better be damn well prepared for some hot sauce.

I loved my carnitas tacos as my main entree. Orlando has a great number of taco places, but this one has an edge above the rest. The flavors were beyond satisfying, and I can't stress that enough in a Yelp review. If you like Portuguese/Spanish food, this place definitely deserves your attention. All of the ingredients tasted fresh like they were right off the boat. 

I am looking forward to my next visit to Ben Bom to check out their other entrees. Their daily specials keep consumers on their feet while their regular menu has plenty to offer for casual diners.

I with Ben Bom the best in the future. If they keep going with their quality of food and excellent customer serve, we just my have a new contender for one of Orlando's best independently owned establishments."
"First let's talk about those PEI mussels. It was their special of the night, so not a normal menu staple. They are some of the best mussels I have ever had. The broth they were in tasted like it had been cooking for hours, beautiful tomato base with chunks of fresh garlic, bay leaf, basil, and even a bit of spiciness. It was served with Portuguese bread (think of a cross between crispy French bread and sourdough) that, when dipped in the broth, soaked up all the flavor and made for a delicious bite. The broth even had pieces of chorizo sausage, which added a nice meatiness and contributed to the spicy aspect. 

For my main meal I chose the lamb burger. Be warned: it does not come with any sides. But after eating the mussels as an app, and seeing how large and packed full the burger was, I knew I didn't need a side, and I was right. The burger was beautifully seasoned and beautifully cooked(that nice medium redness). There was an apple ginger bbq sauce that added a touch of sweetness, and a huge heap of feta cheese and pico de gallo that offset the sweetness with a nice creaminess and saltiness. Add in some heat from the piri piri and you got yourself a true flavor bomb. It was served on pretzel bun, which was the perfect medium to soak up all the flavors. Boy was it delicious but super messy. 

My dad ordered the fish tacos, and while I appreciated how packed full they were and the brightness and freshness they delivered, I was still dreaming of those mussels and lamb burger after one bite and knew I didn't miss out by not ordering them for myself. 

They also have a great selection of beers and wines, a good majority from Spain or Portugal to reflect the theme of the restaurant. 

Service was incredibly slow, and the food took a while, but if you're ok with relaxing and have great company to talk to, the food is definitely worth the wait."
"This is a super cute lil spot. I learned it used to be a bank so it's even more impressive how nice the inside looks!

I had lunch on a super hot day and was seated promptly and provided all the water I could manage - it was a lot!

My lunchmate got the special that was a strip steak, fries and an egg (he omitted the egg). I tried the fries and they were delish.
I got the chicken prego sandwich - it didn't some with a side - I'd ask that the sauce be on the side because I don't love spicy flavors but they forgot. I tried it the way it was and it was good but it sort of fell apart as I ate it and ended up using a fork & knife.

I'd like to go back and try some other items, but it was a nice first experience. The staff was all really kind and the location has a good amount of parking. Both important factors for me!"
"Ordered: Mexican Coke, Pirri Pirri Chicken (HOT), side salad and fries
Food Review: Loved the Pirri Pirri, nice and hot, the side salad was nice, fries were kind of generic.
Service: Sat a the bar, service was friendly and timely, some of the patrons were getting a little sauced which made it a bit awkward but the food came out nice and quick.
Atmosphere: Cute and hip, awesome patio with a bar that leads inside quite small but nice."
If I could give a six star review, I would. This is my favorite place to eat in all of Orlando. I literally cannot think of anything that i dislike about it. From the Bomb Fries to the burgers, Nachos , Chicken the whole enchilada. It doesn't matter ITS GOOD. They also have great mixed drinks, and although depending on then time you arrive they may or may not have tonic left. But you must have the Port and Tonic. It is such a refreshing drink that gives you that right amount of buzz going into your dinner or appetizer selection. Have one or two or three i wont judge its delicious ! My favorite thing to do is order the Port and get Peri Peri Chicken on the hottest version they offer, with bomb fires. IF im not Alone ill have nachos to share, and you best believe ill lick every drop of the Queso from the plate. We waste not when eating at Bem Bom, its just too good. Everytime i go i rarely have to wait to be seated so enjoy this place before it really takes off. Though i hate to see it Fall the way of DOMU to massive wait times. If you like going to tasty Tuesdays feel free to check out their food truck as well.,
We have been following chef Chico since the Ben Bom food truck. One of my favorites is the duck tocos. Wife loves the mango painted fish tacos. The Bem Bom fires. And the lunch special of Carne Assad is wonderful. Absolutely recommend this for a great lunch, dinner, or Sunday brunch.
As a notoriously picky eater I still thoroughly enjoy trying new cuisine and new restaurants. When Bem Bom popped up in the hood I was nervous to try it. I have a cilantro aversion (soap flakes on your food, why?!?) so I feared I had no options. I let the servers know and they gave me some options. While some things were marinated with cilantro and pico with it chopped right in, etc. were off the table I was still able to try some of their main courses. My fave that I consistently return for is the nachos. Their chips have a unique flavor that perfectly compliments the rest of the toppings. The cheese sauce is the best, with fresh jalapeños and we opt for the pork add on which is perfectly cooked and seasoned and not fatty. Nom nom my mouth just waters thinking about it. My husband loves trying unique craft beers and usually I taste a new wine as well. Service is fantastic with friendly and knowledgeable staff. Would recommend
Oh my, the tacos were delish! The Rockin' Taco was so good! Thankfully the server wisely chose to have the spicy habanero sauce put on the side for us. Good call! I would not have been able to eat them with the sauce poured over. The rock shrimp was lightly battered and so tasty and the corn tortilla was fresh! We had Mexican Coke which is coke without high fructose corn syrup. That was a nice addition to lunch. I can't wait to go back!!
"I would give 3.5 stars if that was possible. We had a party of 4; the service was attentive and friendly overall; the noise level is very high due to the small space, which makes dinner conversation difficult. Acoustic ceiling tiles or other sound dampening features are needed. 

The food: some items were good, others very good. Piri Piri chicken was flavorful and spicy; the fries were very average, they seemed like the frozen kind. The octopus special was good, except the chimichurri sauce was very salty, almost inedible. The lamb burger was very good, and the roasted cod was, as well. Guacamole was excellent. The bread service is great, but the portion of cheese that accompanies it should be larger for $9. 

Overall, a solid choice for local, casual dining."
First of all, definitely worth the money. They have the best carnitas I've ever had the pleasure of tasting and I'm Hispanic. Their flan was incredible and everyone was super nice and even the chef greeted me and made sure everything was alright. I'll be coming more often than not:) oh! And it's not on the menu I think but ask for their chicken flautas! Soooo much flavor, a little spicy, but it was perfectly balanced out.
Food is great. I left a previous review saying food was great but I was frustrated that said open till 8 and wouldn't seat us at 7:50. Someone responded to my review saying get over it and they were right. I was hangry so my apologies. Bem Bom is awesome.
Second meal at Bem Bom. We all enjoyed meal. Filet mignon was excellent as was the pork shank. Heard they are revamping the wine list. Looking forward to next visit
The food was excellent. I had the pork prego and it was delicious... You could taste how fresh every ingredient was... Sangria was also yummy... Service was excellent.... A must try if you have not been yet...
"First experience here for lunch and I must say that ""amazing"" in an understatement! The food was incredible, the restaurant decor is super creative and stylish, the service was great! Definitely have ""food truck"" pricing but it's all so worth it - the taste, the presentation, and despite the seemingly ""small portion"" it's entirely filling... I shared the queso blanco, ordered the chicken poblano quesadilla & I left this place with a food baby. Definitely coming back and recommending this place to any and everyone!!"
"We were super I'm mpressed with the food. The service  was slow (hints the 4 stars) but I had tacos and my husband had one of the specials.
Food was very flavorful, but our favorite was the queso blancoz their chips were extremely fresh. As if they were making them to order in the back 

My tacos didn't comE with any sides but the 3 were more than enough for me to get full"
Went for a quick Sunday lunch/brunch and it was pretty delicious! Their portions are not too big which I really liked. Their Piri-piri chicken is very very good- has a nice grilled taste to it. I had it with some rice instead of fries and it was pretty filling but not overload as most places. I definitely recommend their red sangria for a nice summer day. They have live music and a cute little outdoor/indoor bar. The service was not bad- they were attentive and made sure we were comfortable.
We stopped in to check this place out since the reviews for the food truck seemed to be very good. We had the chips and salsa to start.  It was a very healthy amount and the salsa was good, albeit on the spicy side. My husband had a beer and I tried the red sangria (of course,  had I realized it was a $13 drink I would have just got a glass of wine instead). The smoked chicken enchiladas was a decent dish, but really not a whole lot of flavor. All in all we had a delightful lunch,  the service was good, the food was good, just not good enough to blow me away, and prices are reasonable (except that darn sangria). Worth a try.
"1) Carnitas Taco's made with Lime crema, pico de gallo, radish, and cilantro Pick one sauce: Tomatillo (mild), Serrano (med), De-arbol (hot). Delicious according to a 11 year old, requesting medium hot. 

2) Mango painted fish taco made with served with BB slaw, avocado, mango paint, serrano, piri piri, radish. This was my dish. I have to admit it was really stuffed and wet. I picked up the taco and the sauce was streaming out. I couldn't taste the fish. The slice of avocado fell out into the palm of my hand. Super messy and tasted 4/5 for me

3) Frango de Churrasco (BBK Chicken) with fries and small salad. This was super tasty!

4) Kid's chicken tender and fries. We thought 2 small tenders was on the small side with plenty of fries.  We had to give the child more food from the adult's meal. 

5) Pastel de Nata (dessert). This reminds me of Portuguese tarts from Chinese bakery back home or in Macau. It was cold and tasted more like a churro. 

Not bad. I would return to try again."
"Really Great food, super nice service. Friendly environment.  Drinks are amazing.  And the dessert yuuuummy! I love this place, amazing  variety  and service. Owners are  super friendly as well as employees.  

I'm  so glad I came to this place.  I highly  recommend it."
"The best restaurant in Orlando, hands down. I've never found a restaurant that can make any style food at such a high level. Nashville hot chicken? Killer. Jerk chicken? Killer. Lamb burger? Killer. Nachos? Killer. And the pancakes? My guy. 

You've already wasted too much time reading my review just head over. Chef Chico is a mad scientist and whatever he's cooking will be fire. The boys over at Bem Bom never miss."
One of the best places to eat In Orlando. Ordered the piri piri chicken family meal. Chicken was so flavorful. Bom bom fried absolutely delicious. Salad and rice were great too. All the food had its own delicious flavors. But put together they are even better. Do not hesitate to try this place you will not regret it.
"Came here tonight with a couple of friends. 
What a charming little place! 

Wasn't sure what to expect as none of us had been before even as a food truck. 

Service was wonderful! 
We ended up getting the bread plate, mango painted fish, enchiladas, and carnitas tacos and ended with the Espresso Kahlúa creme brûlée - every single item was phenomenal!! 

Will be back soon! Next time I would love to sit on the patio - It's adorable. 

Because of the location-parking is sparse. Either arrive earlier or know you may need to park elsewhere (we got there at 5 and could park on their parking lot, but quickly got packed a little after this time.)"
Such a great overall experience!! They have live music and events Thurs-Sat with an apparent Spanish guitar musician on Friday's (we went on a Saturday night and the musicians then were great too). Not only is the food delicious but the presentation of each meal prepared was impeccable. The flavor is unbelievable and the chef himself is straight from Portugal! Will be coming back time and time again whenever in town. Highly recommended!! They also have a cute outdoor seating area with string lights and bistro lights outside. Great for friends getting together or even a date night.
"Came on a Saturday for dinner to celebrate a friend's birthday and the staff was so accommodating and patient with our large group of ~20 people. We were seated in the front patio. The weather was absolutely perfect and the abundance of Christmas lights surrounding the perimeter was a nice touch. Great vibes and fun live music-the performer was so talented and his setlist was great with a variety of acoustic songs filled with throwbacks from the 90s.
Food was a hit and my red sangria really hit the spot. Their chips and guacamole app was great- love the freshness and lime accent on the guac! I ordered the garlic barbecue chicken for my entree and had the option of getting a side of rice and beans or salad and fries. I went for the salad and fries and glad I did since it was a large portion of chicken and the salad made it feel less heavy. Garlic chicken was marinated nicely, full of flavor. I'm happy the fries weren't over seasoned and the salad was just right to complement the dish.
We brought an ice cream cake for our friend to help celebrate so didn't get to the dessert menu this time. The parking lot only had a handful of spots so that was a small downside. We did end up finding parking down the road in a local neighborhood but it would've been nice to park right outside... But overall  I'd definitely come back for the great service, tasty dinner, awesome music and vibes."
Daniel was an EXCELLENT server. Very attentive and informative. I had the lamb burger which was FANTASTIC! We also had the homemade chips and guacamole. Also delicious! The music is louder than I like, but it fits with the atmosphere. I would recommend this place to my friends.
"Service was amazing. Food was great. Outdoor & Indoor seating was a plus. 

Our waiter was super nice! And our food was delicious. Just a heads up, the food does take a little awhile but it's definitely worth it. 

The option of indoor and outdoor seating is great so you can enjoy a good FL day.

Also, they do offer brunch items on the weekend as well as lunch being available all day. I'll definitely be going back. Yum!"
Food is great but if you say you are open till 8 then you should be open till 8. Walked in at 7:60 and was told they closed at 7:45. We WERE frequent customers.
First time in this neighborhood restaurant. Food was awesome. Had the fish tacos & lamb burger White sangria was great for a refreshing summer drink. Inside is beautiful but the cacophony of patrons conversations was intense. Too much noise! We could not hear our table-mates and have a conversation. We opted to have our 2nd cocktail outside listening to lovely bossa nova music. We will only go back if we can either go very early, or sit outside. Noise level was too much!
First time here and won't be the last. Everything was absolutely delicious, I had the carnitas tacos an they are the best tacos I've ever had here in Orlando. Kaitlyn thank you for being taking care of my family (:
"Went again after we were invited by friends.  The guacamole was good.  Bread service also good.  The cod was very good.  My husband liked his lamb burger.  Only complaint was it didn't come with any side.  Service was very good this time.  

Been 3 times since they opened.  First time was great.  Went with friends and we ordered several things.  Everybody loved the items we ordered.  Went back again because the first time was so good.  Food was good, not great.  Went tonight.  Was told to take a seat, Place was almost empty but after 15 minutes of receiving no additionagreeting, no menu and no waters, we left.  Probably won't return."
We just moved into Audubon Park and love everything in the neighborhood. We hadn't yet tried Bem Bom so went on a Friday night and the atmosphere was fantastic. Sat at the bar listening to live flamenco guitar and sipping on wine while everyone around us was just having a good time. The food was incredible - had the cheese and bread to start and then the piri piri chicken and it was all so deliciously flavored and just the right balance. This will definitely become one of our local go-tos!
"It's funny how half of these reviews start with ""I went to Domu and the wait was crazy soooo I ended up here.."" well I'm glad I did the same thing! I have to admit I've been wanting to try this place since they started construction. 

It was a pleasant surprise to see the gorgeous interior the second I walked up. There was a guitarist outside on the patio and I was a little bummed there weren't any tables left outside. 

The service was a little slow. It took quite a while to get a glass of wine and place our food order. The wine options were wonderful though. 

I ordered the enchiladas and my boyfriend had he carnitas. And of course we had an order of the bom fries. The beans have a great flavor! The tortillas are sub par and the meat has a very interesting flavor. I really like the enchiladas (one with each sauce!) 

There's not a whole lot of options for entrees but with the specials and apps, there's plenty to try here!"
I've been waiting for this spot to open for quite some time. I was NOT disappointed. My first experience with this place was through their food truck. I've been a huge fan of the Bom Fries ever since. So when I heard they'd be opening a brick and mortar location I was all in. I frequent the area (plenty of great places on that block) and I would occasionally swing by hoping that they were open. Well to my surprise the other night they were. When we walked in the place was semi-busy. The bartender greeted us and told us we could sit wherever we liked. Our waiter came right over and was very helpful explaining the menu and specials of the day. We ordered the family chicken to go and a few apps for the wait. Everything came out great. Truffle mash potatoes (I regretted not getting the 16oz) and Nachos...I know strange combo...but both were jammin! Can't wait to go back.
"I came by to support our local businesses and to support my belly wanting delicious food. This is going to take a while, btw.

I first had piri-piri chicken in Jacksonville of all places, and not at an African restaurant but at a pizza place (of all places), that for some unknown reason was making piri-piri chicken pizza. The owners were not African, neither had been to Africa, so there is no explanation as to why this dish is on the pizza menu. I love spicy stuff, so piri-piri became a thing for me. Later on, a South African restaurant opened north of Ft. Lauderdale and their staple was piri-piri chicken. I had it, it was really good, not better than piri-piri chicken pizza.

But then, when I was praising this dish as a South African dish, I learned that it is the national dish of Mozambique. Wtf?! OK, so they eat it in South Africa but it is from Mozambique. Got it. So... there is no luck of finding an original Mozambique style piri-piri in Orlando, but here is a twist. While I was visiting a Portuguese friend in Boston, MA, he was telling me about the West African community there, him being from the Azores or Cape Verde (can't remember) but of Portuguese nationality. So, six months later, I have a puzzle in front of me: piri-piri chicken, Orlando, West Africa, Mozambique, and Portugal, and for some reason I thought ""well, if Portuguese people colonized Mozambique, maybe they have piri-piri chicken"". And that's how I ended up in Bem Bom.

Because of the pandemic, I ordered over the phone. My order was ready when I got there but unfortunately NO utensils and NO extra piri-piri for dipping (it needs sauce!!!). The chicken otherwise is too dry, and the burnt flavors come in too strong. But even these setbacks, it was freaking good. I am not ordering more take-out but I will sit down and enjoy a proper meal when the pandemic is over."
I am floored that people who've eaten from the Bem Bom food truck think this is comparable at all. The descriptive words used here were just the opposite for me. Not unique. There were no flavors that distinguished it as Portuguese, tasted way more like Mexican. The chicken was plain, like rotisserie from a grocery store. Decor confusing. Limited choices, unlike the food truck. Large glasses of water served lukewarm with no ice, some people had ice, some not. Server friendly though. The 2 entities seemed to be completely different, maybe managed or owned by separate people or generations (it seemed to me)? Very disappointed after being a patron of their awesome food truck.
We came here for the first time last night on a friday at around 6:30 and waited a few minutes for a table. There was live music and pleasant atmosphere. Once we got our table our server Dan took excellent care of us for the evening. We ordered the carnitas nachos, fish tacos and carnitas dinner plate. All of our food was excellent. The green and spicy red sauces added an enjoyable kick to the carnitas meal. The nachos are some of the best I have ever eaten. The inside decor is pleasant and the live music could be heard from within the restaurant as well as on the patio. We will definitely be back again!
"We visited this restaurant for the Portuguese cuisine. 

Cons: very limited parking, maybe 6-8 parking spots In front of the restaurant. On the inside, small little quaint restaurant with very limited seating. We ordered little bacalhau cakes on the appetizers and we were told we ordered the very last one (thankfully!). Saturday during lunch, they were going to run out of the most popular Portuguese appetizer. Then we ordered four dishes, we waited around 45 to an hour for our food to come out. No explanation, no comments, no service to see if we wanted another Guarana soda. Just waited...then waited... and then finally they came by to say our food was getting plated, no apology. Just said the bacalhau dish takes a while to cook. I feel like they should have mentioned that when we ordered it, or while we were there waiting for an HoUR. The Piri-Pitt chicken was awful, extremely dry. Overcooked. And the food enchilada was bland, just ok.

Pro: the bacalhau and octopus special was very good. The bread they serve was soft and delicious, but no oil or butter served with it."
"This restaurant is consistently great, with exceptional flavors. Love the Painted Fish and Rockin' Shrimp tacos, both with just the perfect amount of heat and so fresh.They have the best fries in town. Bom fries are amazing, but if you can't take too much heat, try the chiles on the side. 
We will continue to enjoy this wonderful restaurant, and want to try all the other dishes, but keep coming back for those tacos and fries!"
"I've been here a couple times now and so far, so good. The food is great and the staff is very friendly and attentive. The piri-piri chicken, enchiladas, and prego sandwich are all good choices. Oh and don't forget to save room for the pastels de nata. Or get them to go because you probably won't have any room.

The inside is small, but they do have outside seating, which will be nice when the weather cools down. It can get a bit loud when all tables inside are full, so it might not be a good first date option. 

Follow their social media accounts to find out about their weekly drink specials and events."
Everything I hoped it would be and more! I live in the Audubon Park neighborhood, and I've watched Bem Bom come to existence since it was a BB&T. Kudos to the owners for achieving their vision and opening a neighborly, friendly and authentic restaurant. They are still in their soft opening stages, so go in knowing they're still fully working out their processes. But the food is amazing and totally worth the wait. I highly recommend the queso and the truffle mushroom quesadilla. I'll be back to try to rest of the menu
Wow this place feels like you are in a quaint place In Portugal and I have been to Porto and Lisbon. The food I had was delicious. I enjoyed the garlic chicken fries and side salad with vinaigrette dressing. My friend had this red wine that looked and smelled delicious. I highly recommend this place. And it's a great date night place.
This was a great choice for a Saturday lunch in Audubon Park.  The restaurant layout is really cool with an open kitchen and bar that folds out onto outdoor seating.  The food was excellent.  The nachos with queso were addictive.  The nachos were warm and freshly made and the queso complemented them perfectly.  The rockin tacos were also very good and surprisingly filling as they were very generous with the shrimp filling.  The BBQ chicken held its own too.  Great ambience with excellent food.  Highly recommend.
"I was expecting to see Caldo Verde Soup and Cod plates. It looks more like a Mexican restaurant. I thought ""churrasco"" was beef, but in this place is grilled chicken. The chicken was tasty but cold. Beer list did not include any Portuguese beer. 
We were excited expecting the opening of this restaurant for a long time now.  Unfortunately did not meet our need / expectation for Portuguese food."
"This was fantastic!!! Unique flavors that'll knock your socks off. Service and food and atmosphere 10/10.  Whitney was awesome and gave us the best wine recommendation. 
We literally ordered dessert the eat in the AM. 
Ask for the specials. The seafood stew was amazing!!And if you like beans and rice - this is perfection. This new place, used to be a good truck, has become my favorite place to eat in Audubon Park."
"One of the best cooked and delicious meals I've had in a long time.

The chips were okay, but the cheese dip was amazing, it's basically just high quality cheese keep warm in a cast iron bowl rather than just being fake cheese dip and the pork skins on top gave it a nice crunch.

But the best part of the meal was certainly my steak.  It was well cooked (actually medium rare) and the chimichurri sauce was excellent as well.

Also, the mark of a great chef is how they do an egg over easy and this one was perfect, it was so well cooked that once I broke into it the hot plate finished some of the yoke off and made it stick to the bom fries which were killer."
Great food and sangria but very pricey. We spent over $100 on 4 sangrias, one appetizer (quesadillas) and one entree. It's small so the tables are wayyyy too close to each other. I got knocked into several times from other customers trying to get into their chair. The truffle quesadillas are awesome but a very small portion. I would recommend if you're not tight on cash.
I don't often feel compelled to write reviews but this place certainly deserves it. Our friends suggested it for dinner as they had recently dined there on another friends suggestion. They described it as Mexican/Portuguese Fusion which made me say yes. From the moment Lindsey arrived at our table our evening was off to a great start. We ordered Nachos, a must have, and the calamari special for appetizer. Both were an intense mix of flavors and textures leaving you wanting more and anticipating what's next. And next was just as good. We had fish tacos, poblano and chicken quesadilla and the carnitas meal. And I can't decide a favorite. I'm typing at the table because I didn't want to wait. We have just ordered dessert. I can't wait to come back.
Tasty food and a cool little setup. I enjoyed my sandwich and the flavors with it. The queso was really tasty too, as was the Galicia beer.
"Ok... so I am a foodie...it is a way of life. I confess. 
Having said that, I am usually not compelled to write a review. However, I must fulfill the duty I have to my fellow foodies.  If you want amazing crazy food, made with love, passion, and creativity, this is your place.  
You will meet the chef, Chico, a Portuguese native from the Azores islands. He is always at their open kitchen, concocting amazingly tasting creations with his Mexican side kick chef, Enrique. 
Today, I came for brunch, and tried his version of ""pancake tacos"". Wow! Unbelievable. Crazy good. 
 Now, come prepare to have to wait a bit sometimes. This is not fast food or a pre-prepared food chain joint.  Everything here is real. This place has become a beloved establishment by the residents of the area. You will always feel at home here."
"Chef Chico has done it again. But this time he has free reign to create wonderfully authentic dishes from his home country Portugal and his own spin on casual tacos & quesadillas. So diners have their choice - go big or go casual.

Even his wine and beer selection provide diners a the opportunity to discover delicious Portuguese wines, ports, & beer.

Must try -
- White Port to start the meal.
- any of their Portuguese wines during dinner
- Alheira, a delicious Portuguese sausage as a starter.
- Lamb Burger
- Grilled Octopus (when available)
- Salted Cod
- Chilean Sea Bass
- Bife A Portuguese (Portuguese Filet)
- and end the meal with a Portuguese dessert and Port.

The service team is friendly, attentive and helpful to those not familiar with the menu. The indoor seating is warm and inviting. The Outdoor Patio is a must experience for the weekend Orlando foodies. 

This is an awesome local Orlando neighborhood eatery and is already becoming a regular stop for many."
Stopped by after a walk. Great place. The enchiladas were delicious and the shrimp tacos (special) were yummy. Had the rose (refreshing) and a IPA.   Will certainly go back.
"What an amazing dining experience!!!  From the salsa and chips to today's special pork tacos with grilled pineapple which was amazing.  To finish off the awesome experience I had cafe con leche with the greatest egg custard tarts I have had in a long time. Can't wait to bring friends and family!  
A must try"
Excellent food. Perfect service! I sat at the bar and enjoyed the best carne asada I've had in a very long time. Get the Bom Fries! Lindsay took care of me and did a fantastic job. Will definitely be back. I want some more sangria!
"I had high hopes for the carne asada but it was just okay... it wasn't the best I've ever had and not worth the $28 price in my opinion. From what I gather from other reviews there are probably a few things on the menu that should be at a lower price point as well. 
The service I had was great, the restaurant was clean and inviting and I'd definitely return to try a couple other things on the menu that peaked my interest - for these reasons I gave the 4th star."
All I can say is YUMMMMM! My boyfriend and I came the day before Valentine's Day since my boyfriend had to work on the actual day. This was our first time and we picked it from the raving reviews on Yelp. Our server was really nice and recommend some dishes to us, we started with the chips and queso and shared the spinach,  and cheese quesadilla, enchilada. We added chicken to the quesadilla and they didn't skimp us at all. Everything was sooo good and fresh! We didn't drink because they didn't have a liquor license but it was ok! I would definitely recommend Bem Bom for a nice dinner.
Good food, good service, great atmosphere. The Audubon Park area has a lot of unique food options, but Ben Bom is a welcome addition. The food is flavorful and unique, but I would have like to have seen bolder flavor/spice. The highlight of the evening was that the weather was perfect, and the live music on the patio sealed the deal.
"This is what I've been missing in my life!  Ever sense I first tasted Bem BOM back in 2012, I'm hooked. Driving down Corrine and I happen to see the small quaint outdoor seating area of an up and coming restaurant and happen to see the words BEM BOM as we're heading to East End. The car stopped and pulled into the parking lot without hesitation. 

 No words can express the flavor BOM you will experience!  Chef Chico and team continue to amaze me. From years ago when I first experienced the tastiest food this side of Brazil on the food truck! Mucho Obrigago! Please try everything on the menu. From the Churassco, Bachalaitos, BOM fries, todo! Just try it all and ask for the specials. 

We are definitely coming back for brunch!! 

Thanks again Chef Chico, Nelson, Lauren and team!"
Meal started with the A Nossa beer. A Mexican dark, not heavy, crisp with a sightly bitter finish.  A nice complement to the salsa which has a little kick to it. Chips were warm and fresh. Ordered the smoked chicken enchiladas. It came with a side salad that had tasty cheese, onions, tomatoes in a light dressing. Smoked chicken enchiladas were excellent. I got the tomatilla Sauce. Hearty tomato flavor. A must stop in this area.
Decoration and restaurant set it's great! Very good service, truly attentive. Asked for the brunch menu over the phone and server sent a photo of the menu via email. The food was a bit disappointing. Did not feel truly Portuguese or Mexican. Okay good but not as great as advertised.
"Beautiful setting, great music, excellent service and delicious food! It was a great night!

The inside is fairly small, less than 10 tables I would say, felt a bit tight and crowded so we sat outside. It was a beautiful night and the outside lighting made it even better.

Had chips,  salsa (spicy) and guacamole..the salsa was good but too purée for my taste.I like chunks in my salsa, the guacamole however was soooo good! Full of flavor and perfect amount of lime!

My tacos were flavorful with load of spices
I would definitely stop here again!"
My mother turned me on to this place and I have completely fallen in love with it... Stunningly good food with beautiful Portuguese decor and tile work on the inside... Great wait staff and a gregarious owner who makes you feel very welcome.
"There is a God and their names are Chef Chico, AJ, and Nelson. Bem Bom is truly the best restaurant in Orlando. Started coming here when they first opened and every meal just gets better and better. The chefs are beyond gifted and the service is always top notch. Always treated like royalty when I eat here but let's get back to the food. THE FOOD MY GOD. Get the Nachos with Carnitas - just do it. On the weekends the pancakes are an absolute must. You can taste the passion and love that is put into every dish. It cannot be described, only experienced. Screw the Olive Garden, when you're HERE you're family. 

PS if you rated anything less than 5 stars you're a moron"
We happened into this place after seeing a line through the door 39 miNutes prior to open at Domu.  I'm so glad!  Dan was absolutely the most knowledgable server we've ever had.  The food was spot on. Drinks were great and dessert was wow!  We will be back!
The wife an I loved it. The woman that this place has working behind the bar and running tables is by far one of the most customer service oriented people I've ever met. Absolutely awesome food and totally exceeded our expectations!
Great little restaurant with amazing food. Chef Chico puts some amazing flavors together. Great prices for amazing food. Live music on the weekend as well. If the weather is nice, their outside seating is the place to be
This place was such a wonderful surprise.  Was in town for a meeting.  Read the great Yelp reviews. Brought a group of 6 people with me. We each had something different and all raved about our selections...nothing was left on our plates!  And we treated to a pastel de natal, typical of Portugal!  I just got back from Portugal and these people have brought it to us!  Thank you!   Wish they had one where we live in West Palm Beach.
Great food... but VERY loud... a bit hard to try to talk over the misic. We will return,  it now we will plan to go when we can be seated outside!
"UPDATED:  Dinner & Breakfast!!

Sometimes you get a taste or a glimpse of something that makes you a better person.  Something that expands your senses, and from then on you know you will look at things differently.  For me that catalyst experience often involves art, travel, music, people, entertainment or food.  Tonight, it was the people, and then the food at Bem Bom.  

So appreciated the warmth of bartender Mandy, and everyone I encountered there this evening.  I was by myself, and was made to feel very welcome.  Despite it only being days into their soft open, the team has it together.  There is a passion and energy in the atmosphere.  There are delicious aromas, and plenty of those food pleasure sounds coming from diners eating and drinking at other tables. 

Being at Bem Bom feels as though you are somewhere else than Orlando, and maybe are all part of a special party.  The inside tables and bar are all very close to one another.  As the nights cool down, the patio will be even more popular.  Soon there will be an awning above this outdoor area as well.  The live music tonight was superb.  The Portuguese Red Wine Blend, Vilalva was smooth and powerful.  The guacamole starter is amazing, and was a generous portion.  Bem Bom is the site of a former bank, and you can see the server station is now inside the former vault.  Instead I would put all the guacamole in that vault...as well as Chef Chico... and I guess an oven too.  My table neighbor shared a few of his truffle fries with Thai Basil, Thai Chili, and Parmigiano Reggiano cheese.  They were the bomb, and they are actually called The Bomb on the menu.  Come to think of it, I'm adding a few of those fries to the vault too.  

My entree choice was the Smoked Chicken Enchiladas which is two enchiladas with apple, onion, hickory smoked chicken, and Monterey Jack cheese on corn tortillas with a choice of three sauces... Sour Cream, Guajillo, and one other that I cannot remember.  I doubled down and got both the Sour Cream and the Guajillo sauce.  The Guajillo sauce is like a magic light mole it is not spicy, but delivers such a complex layer of goodness on top of all the other goodness.  My flavorful sides included a lime cilantro rice and rustic black beans with epazote.  The epazote in the black beans helps with digestion.  Such a satisfying meal and experience on all so many levels.  I can't wait to try the other items on the menu, as well as the Portuguese egg custard tart pastry for dessert, and the coffee as well, the scent of which was downright intoxicating.  

There are just a few parking spots in the actual Bem Bom lot, and you can only enter the lot from one direction.  It is well worth the slight struggle.  You will most likely have to be a courteous parker on the side or main streets.  I hope you have the same wonderful experience at Bem Bom that I did.  I'll be back, and happy to trade some of my guacamole for a few of your Bomb Fries.  Bom apetite!!

********
I came back the next morning for an expresso ... or three!!  Bem Bom is open on Sunday mornings at 11:00 am.  Soon they will have the breakfast menu officially in place.  Bem Bom is still in the soft opening phase ... but I already have a soft place in my heart for this warm, friendly, family team and their extraordinary cuisine!

It was quiet when I came in at 11 am, and Chef Chico graciously put together an inaugural plate of Portuguese eggs, and fresh beautiful bread to go along with my expresso.  It was my first time having Portuguese eggs... which are a heavenly treat!  

The plate consisted of 3 local organic eggs over easy, with a special cooking method that delicately crisps the edges up perfectly.  It's not like when you cook the edges up crisp at home, and cannot eat that part.  This egg has an almost like a caramelized candy edge.  The plate comes with three savory sauces:  a green tomatillo, a middle of the road slightly spice sauce, and a darker very spicy sauce.  Pick your favorite by testing on the beautiful warm bread first.  Then enjoy the sauces drizzled on the eggs, and on the beautiful bread.  I seriously enjoyed every single bite, as well as every single sip of my three expressos!   Thank you for the sunshine Bem Bom!!!"
This was my first time going to this restaurant but I was not disappointed! Starting with the bomb fries, it was delicious and had a nice spicy kick to them. Combined with the well flavored chicken prego sandwich, I had a delicious lunch that was flavorful and enjoyable. Would definitely come back!
"First time visit

Excellent service and food

Friendly and helpful staff

Limited parking in lot

Highly recommend !!!"
"New place. Great patio. Really great food.
The owner is super kind and welcoming.
Enjoy!"
"We've tried the food truck at Tasty Tuesday and were so excited to try the restaurant but it seemed to have taken awhile to open. We visited for lunch, it was a little busy but they told us to choose our seat.

When we eat out we normally share dishes, I ordered the chicken enchiladas ($10.95) and my guy got the pork prego sandwich ($12.95) with bom fries. The spicy bom fries are ($2.50) extra but its totally worth it. It's a truffle oil, parmesan, red peppers and basil. OMG they were soooo good! My chicken enchiladas were really tasty, I went with two different sauces as you get to choose... I think I went with garlic and a spicy sauce. It comes with a cilantro rice and black beans but I think mine came with red beans instead.

Service was a little slow, we did wait a good 30 minutes for our dishes and the restaurant was not as busy after we sat down. Maybe it's just to being opened so briefly. I'd definitely give this place 5 stars if our meals came out a bit quicker. The food is really good, so I can't complain. The space is decorated so nicely also, I love all the blue tiles! Can't wait to visit again and try something new!"
"Glad I gave this place a second try!
My first experience with Bem Bom was not the best. However one day a friend invited me for lunch, so I thought I would give it another go. 
I have now been here 2 or 3 more times since! I am a fan!
Some notable mentions are:
 Chips & Queso 
Chicken Prego Sandwich 
and the smoked chicken enchiladas (I would ask for little/none of the cream that comes on top as it is a bit strong and over powers the taste of the sauces)
However I will note I tried their Carnitas and I was not a fan at all. 

This place is not usually busy when I come in for a later lunch (2pm)
So its a great place to have a bite and maybe get a little work/studying done.  
I have always had great service, aside from one visit.
Would recommend!"
"When I say I have been on a mission for years to try their food again you KNOW the food is good. 

Bem Bom and I go way back about almost 5 years ago when my boyfriend and I started dating and ate at their food truck. I remember that day that I told my bf if I could throw up my food and eat it again I would (sorry for the visual but my GOD it's delicious). Now fast forward 5 years later, and I'm having my 25th birthday dinner here with all of my friends and family at their brick and mortar restaurant. I get so happy when people who put out quality food get all the blessings they deserve. The manager came out and greeted all of us and our waitress was the KINDEST human being to ever exist!

Truly the most fantastic people that make you feel right at home, quality food and ingredients that make your taste buds do a little praise dance, and bring some great company along! This is the spot to be and if you haven't come yet, what are you waiting for?!"
First time in this neighborhood restaurant. Food was awesome. Had the fish tacos. White sangria was great for a refreshing summer drink. Inside is beautiful but the cacophony of patrons conversations was intense. We opted to have our 2nd cocktail outside listening to lovely bossa nova music.
"5 Stars for a carnitas dish that blew my mind!

I was so glad to hear that Bem Bom had finally opened their brick and mortar spot after such a long buildout and making the plunge into a physical location versus just the food truck. And then, of course, it took me forever to go in once they opened.

But when I did, I fell in love with the only dish I've tried. The Carnitas meal is just under $15 and includes copious amounts of the carnitas. I ordered to-go and they filled a whole container of just the meat itself. And that's not even mentioning the incredible flavor in every bite! There was a green tomatillo-like sauce on top that added a beautiful acidity to a heavy preparation. It also came with cilantro lime rice, black beans, and tortillas.

The meat was legendary and the rice was heaven, but the best part was how much leftovers we'd get. 

I suggest heading near the lake for nostalgia  and Spanish kos seveywhere!"
I had been meaning to try this place for a while.  I went on a Friday night with a friend.  It was pretty crowded, which I'd expect for a Friday night.  I like that they have live music. The hostess was nice and said there was only about a 20 min wait but we could sit at the bar while we waited.  We opted to do that, but then I think she forgot us and we ended up just eating at the bar.  We started with the queso fundido.  It was probably our favorite thing that we ordered.  It was really flavorful.  As to our meals, perhaps we came on an off night, or had different expectations of the menu.  A few items weren't available, and that left tacos, burgers, quesadillas as options on the menu.  They had some off the menu specials including an octopus dish and a sea food risotto.   My friend ended up trying the smoked chicken enchiladas, and I tried the seafood risotto. The seafood risotto looked really good, aesthetically.  It was a pretty big portion of clams, shrimp, and I think maybe scallops in rice with a tomato/lemony red sauce.  I give them credit for creativity, but it didn't seem like risotto to me.  It was more like a soupy paella.  The red sauce it was drenched in was decent, but overall my mind wasn't blown.  The side of freshly baked bread to soak up the sauce was a nice touch.  The bread had a nice crunchy crust and soft, fluffy middle.  My friend said his enchilada meal was also decent, but nothing ground-breaking.  It did look good though, so they do make a nice presentation.   We also had the sangria, and it was just standard to me.  I'm curious if they actually make it or it's just some bottled brand.   Other than that, the prices are kind of high.  My risotto special ended up being $30. I don't mind splurging on good food, but I kind of wished perhaps I tried the piri piri chicken instead.  Also, the service was kind of slow.  Our server was nice, but it took a while to get anything.  We ordered our appetizer pretty quickly, but it still probably took at least 40 minutes for that to arrive.  Also took a while for drink refills.  We're pretty low-maintenance, so we didn't care or say anything, but we still noticed the inattentiveness.  Overall, we didn't hate it, we didn't love it.  We found it acceptable.  I think my friend said it best when he said if we were in the area and a friend said to meet there, we'd go, but we wouldn't go out of our way to go there.
This was my first time at Bem Bom. I had the guacamole (it was divine), beautifully paired wine and the mango fish tacos which exploded with flavor. I was not disappointed with any part of this meal including the attentive and kind staff. Highly recommend!!
"Such a cool neighborhood spot! We live minutes away so this is an awesome addition. I'm very happy to see some variety of food in this part of town. We ordered the grilled chicken as well as the salad special. Both plates were delicious.

We also ordered the chorizo appetizer, which was fantastic, albeit quite expensive for its portion but I understand!

If you want some honest, good food, with a wide selection of flavors, this place needs to be on your list when you're near!"
Strong first impression - almost as powerful as the flavor on that Piri Piri.  Corrine Drive has so much going for it, I'm not too surprised I missed Bem Bom.  But in a recent online feature on things to be grateful for in 2020, Bem Bom made the list and I had to stop by.  Small(ish) but spacious at the same time.  Whoever laid this place out knew what they were doing.  Indoor and outdoor seating connected by a bar smack dab between the two.  I was greeted and seated immediately upon arrival late Saturday afternoon.  My server was very nice, but I thought it was funny I was initially served the wrong meal (those shrimp tacos will be a strong contender for my next visit, though).  When my order did arrive it was very good; I loved having everything in one bowl.  The chicken was tender and spicy enough to pack a punch but not dominate my taste buds for the rest of the meal.  Good salad, good fries.  Nothing to necessarily write home about, but you (like I) will want to come back...especially for that lamb burger!  And if you pass on the pastel de nata, you have my sympathies...because they are heavenly!
"Our office is next door to Ben Bom.....and it's taken us a couple of months to get over there yo try them out. We did do this last week and we're VERY impressed!!!
Our server Nelson was SUPERB! Very enthusiastic and knowledgeable about their menu. The food was over-the-top delicious....and we will be returning regularly for meals!!! We literally have to walk across our parking lot.
Fabulous spot....we HIGHLY recommend Ben Bom!!!
(The grilled chicken was perhaps the best we've ever eaten!)"
I really wanted to visit their brick and mortar on Friday but with an unexpected visit from my sister and her husband with their 9-month-old baby and 12-year-old in tow, I didn't think it'd be the best place to bring them, especially with the live music going on. So, we opted to order take out instead. We got the carne asada with rice and beans, chicken madeira, kid's chicken enchilada, piri piri chicken with rice and beans, grilled octopus with potatoes and vegetables, 2 orders of the truffle fries, and queso fundido with poblano and chicharrones. Total came out to about $130 which I thought was pretty reasonable for all of that. I didn't get to try the carne asada, chicken madeira, or chicken enchilada, but my sister, her husband, and my nephew all devoured it and did say it tasted good. I tried a piece of my husband's piri piri chicken which at first I was scared was going to be very dry by the way it looked but it was the complete opposite. Very moist and bursting with flavor. I was super sad they forgot to add the piri piri medium and hot sauces in the bag, but it did have a little bit of sauce on the chicken which managed to go a long way. My octopus was grilled perfectly and was covered in chimichurri sauce. It came with two large tentacles which was enough to leave me with leftovers and still tasted great the next day and even cold! My husband loved the chicken and the house-made chips with the queso.  Definitely would order from here again and try the fish stew next time. I hope we dine in too as my husband said the placed looked really nice inside and had a great vibe from the live music. If he didn't have all this food to bring back to us, I think he would have stayed!
"The food is delicious and the staff is wonderful. I had their lamb burger ""Grilled In House ground grass fed lamb, served with feta compote with pico de gallo, apple ginger bbq sauce, lemon mustard, piri piri"" -from their website. It's delicious  I also had their Portuguese Custard Tarts. The pastry was so flaky and delicious!"
This place is amazing. The tacos are so delicious. The concept is awesome. The ambiance is great. Will definitely be back.
Utterly fantastic. Been dreaming of eating at this establishment. Now that I have, I wonder why I never visited their food truck! The lamb burger is their specialty and deservedly so. It's loaded with numerous competing flavors: feta compote, apple ginger bbq sauce, pico de gallo, along with lemon mustard and piri piri. Don't fall asleep lovingly on the burger as the bun is no slacker! Unable to order just one meal, the Chicken Prego Sandwich sported juicy, tender chicken tenderloins marinaded in their piri piri sauce and jack cheese.
For starters, customer service is great. I love the atmosphere. It's friendly, cozy, warm, family oriented. However, it is so popular, it gets crowded. Everyone there understands. The food is so great and boy, leaves you full. Do not underestimate the sizes. The texture of my food was amazing and seasoned great. I appreciated the seasoning for you can tell thought was put into the recipe. I enjoy the tiny spice the fries had as well. Very well cooked and I'll always be excited to return!
"Needed to update my review because my 2nd visit was far better than my 1st one. Stopped by on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. Ordered the mushroom quesadilla for appetizer... it was so good I ordered a second one for my main dish. It came with sour cream, delicious guacamole, and some fresh salsa. The cheese on the quesadilla was that perfect gooey texture, the mushrooms were tasty, and the tortilla itself was nice and crispy. Would definitely order it again. 

Husband ordered chicken with fries, salad and black beans. He said it was good. I tried some chicken and it was tasty. Beans were meh. 

Service was fantastic. Our waiter was probably the best I've ever had... he was friendly, funny and helpful. He is the reason I'm giving the restaurant 5 stars. Also, the owner came and talked with us and was also nice."
Best burger in Orlando. Had a very pleasant experience. Did not love the loud Christmas music, but a minor quibble with food this good.
"So my family and I tried this place because I was craving burger. Since it says on the banner best burger - this was our choice.
There is only 2 kind burgers, regular beef and lamb- thats what I chose. Lamb burger is the best burger that I am still drulling about. Flavorful, glorious, and hits perfect spot in the stomach.
My hubz got something with eggs which was flavorful but he was not impressed. And my son had to skip the dinner because there is no kids burger on the menu.
I got the impression that this place is not kids friendly, so we will skipp this place next time.
4 stars for lamb burger - hands down!"
Wow just WOW! Nothing makes me happier than a local restaurant that serves good food with such amazing flavor! Everything we had was amazing! I am a nachos snob and THESE carnitas nachos were the bees knees. The carnitas had great flavor with a hint of spice! So good! The lamb burger....BOMB. Prego chicken sandwich...bomb with great spice as well. To top it off our food was served quickly, the outdoor seating was so cute, and at night there was live music. So glad I was able to cross this place off my list of restaurants to try because I will definitely be back!
"So, I came here bout 2pm on a Thursday. It was pretty dead besides a large party a few people at the bar. I was seated promptly and brought water.
I ordered the Al Pastor Tacos. A side of Rice & Beans and some chips & Queso.
Chips and queso were ok, nothing to write home about.
I saw a lot of reviews regarding their cilantro lime rice & black beans, saying that it was bland. I have to agree with them, I barely tasted any lime or cilantro on the rice and the beans were just average.
 On to the entrée! Al Pastor Tacos. To start off, there really wasn't a lot of pineapple in here (which is what I was most excited for) but it really didn't matter. My tacos came with their tomatillo arbol sauce and this sauce was so spicy that it just overpowered every other aspect of the taco. I couldn't taste anything but spice and not the good spice! The kind that just makes your nose drip and your mouth burn but doesn't taste like anything... Very disappointing.
 
To end on a positive note. I did receive exceptional service. My waiter really went above and beyond and I appreciated that.
 
All in all, I feel Like I overpaid for what I received. I would POSSIBLY come here again to try a few other items and a drink but that's only if someone else suggested it."
"Congrats on food truck turned brick and mortar!!! Famous little truck that could finally gets a foundation! 

The place is small, but there's plenty of seating at the bar and their beautiful porch outside. Close lots of small shops and East End market, you can make a lovely afternoon with lunch at this local favorite and then buy yourself something one of a kind. 

The place is beautifully decorated, a small bar, a blue and white mosaic on the way and the shelves are full of eye catching trinkets you hope are for sale (I didn't ask.... Although I might if the adorable skull bobblehead is still there) 

The menu is small but mighty! I had a hard time deciding between the specials and to just try what they're famous for. I mean, who can resist steak churrassco or duck tacos?? I did... To try they're classico style chicken with fries and salad with piri piri sauce. 

All of their food as so many delightful smells and colors, each one of these dishes are pleasing to the senses. The guy next to me ordered the churrassco.....I'm a bit jealous, but I'll wait patiently.

(Five minutes later)

Holy cow I'm glad I waited, the food may sound simple, but the chicken is absolutely to die for, full of flavor, crisp char grilled skin and incredibly juicy. The fries are perfectly salted and crisp and I'm just raving about the salad! For real tho... Normally you here ""side salad"" and it's a couple pathetic pieces of lettuce and an obnoxious amount of onions or croutons... This is fresh from the garden greens, crisp cucumbers, grape tomatoes, a light dusting of cheese and a flavorful vinegarette dressing.... What a salad should be.  A perfect well rounded meal. 

All in all, I was impressed, I will be back."
The fish tacos, are the best tacos I've had since living in Florida for 3 years. The peri-peri chicken was good and so was the bread appetizer. But, emphasis on the fish tacos!
"Only one word is needed to describe my visit to Bem Bom - YUM!!!

My hubby and I decided to stop in for lunch today and I'm so glad we did! The service was friendly and the atmosphere was inviting. We came in a bit early so the restaurant was not crowded. 

To start, we ordered the chips and queso blanco. It was so warm and delicious. I ordered the black shrimp tacos (they were a special on the day of my visit) and they were to. die. for. They had so many different layers of flavor and just enough spice. I also had the white sangria which was light and refreshing. 

The restaurant definitely started to get crowded toward the end which caused the service to be a little bit slower but I won't count that against them because the food was just so darn good!"
the lamb burger is everything!!!! Got lost trying to find cupcakes and found the best burger i ever tasted!!! i definitely want you to try this!
"Food was serviced hot, fast and flavorful. 

Server had tables with inside and out so the attentiveness was lacking. 

Seating Atmosphere pleasant but small. 

However if you won't to have a conversation with the person across from you without yelling i would not go! Very loud inside so everyone around us was yelling to hear each other over the music."
"I've only been here once and based on the other reviews I think I just got the wrong thing or not enough. We went for dinner on a Friday night and sat at the bar. The service was definitely lacking but we weren't in a rush so it wasn't a big deal. They also had live music which was rare for Orlando but really great. The atmosphere made me feel like we were on a vacation except I knew Kelly's ice cream was right across the street. :) We ordered carnitas with the truffle mashed potatoes. OMG! If you only order one thing, get the potatoes. We were supposed to share them but I pretty much ate the entire thing by myself. The carnitas were just ok and the rice and beans weren't exciting. Their menu was also a bit more pricey than I was expecting ($28 for carne asada). 

I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu since everyone else loved it. I look forwarding to leaving an updated review."
Bem Bom has the best food, even during Covid their quality has stayed consistent; while other restaurants I can't say the same. I had the case so and chips, quite frankly it's the best that I've ever had being the chips are made fresh daily! The Chef is amazing with his humble spirit, & spectacular creations! The burger is the best I've ever had! I will be back ASAP!
Went out for brunch with a friend today. Things didn't go as planned and we ended up at Bem Bom. What an absolute gem of a find. I highly recommend them. I had the Bem Bom omelette and my friend had the BBQ chicken. The flavors were outstanding. I've had burgers from their food truck before and it was excellent. The waitstaff were pleasant and accommodating.
Absolutely love this spot!  The bar is a fun place to sit on a date or when flying solo - and when the weather is nice, the outside bar area is a great touch.  The staff is super friendly and personable - and I ask a lot of questions because there are a lot of new-to-me things on the menu (which makes me love it all the more!).  The flavors are bold and the servings are huge.  The wine selection is fantastic and they even have a kids' meal :)  Great addition to the neighborhood!
This place is awesome. It has outside seating, great service, and food! I had the fish tacos, they were delicious. Very fresh and filled with all the best ingredients.
Funny enough I thought this was Burger joint since I saw the sign that said voted best burger. I was not totally disappointed since they did have one delicious burger on the menu. The lamb burger was filled with many flavors  and extremely juicy. It was a bit overwhelming because there were so many different spices on the patty. Overall still good and will come back to try the other items now that I know that they are a Portuguese restaurant.
They had a huge sign saying they were voted best burger, so I had to try it. Ordered the lamb burger and the bomb fries. The lamb burger was delicious! The burger was cooked well, but the toppings were amazing. The flavors of the toppings just perfectly enhanced the lamb burger. Bomb fries were good, but not great. I'd definitely come back and try their other dishes.
If you are willing to wait 50 minutes for a couple of tacos this is your place.  We ordered  Mango Fish Tacos, they were good however I didn't taste any mango at all I did see a couple of orange drops on it but no mango taste.  It should be renamed Avocado Fish Taco.  We also ordered a fish stew that could've been really good except for that taste of cheap tomato in can, not for $24.  I usually write good and positive reviews but sometimes it's really hard. I think I am being too positive giving 3 stars at this place.
"Half portion but full price :/

Food is really tasty and server was very knowledgeable, I guess it's a family business.

We asked for the cod and he said they didn't have the 12 ounces, just a smaller one.
ok, we went there specifically for the cod, so bring it!

Well, if you see the picture it's clear that this piece is not even 8 ounces.
I expected common sense on adjusting the price to what they had. but no.
Maybe they were waiting for us to complain. Unfortunately my bf didn't let me complain but I left with a bad impression.

I hope they can be fair on next occasions like this."
"Bem Bom is a wonderful local family-owned restaurant. After starting a very successful food truck, they built their restaurant location with their own blood, sweat and tears. I always see it full, so I know they're doing a great job.  I have gone there just to sit on the patio and enjoy some music while sipping a Sangria on a nice afternoon.  Their food is absolutely delicious!
I have tried:
Piri-Piri Chicken plate 5/5- very flavorful and tender chicken with a delicious salad. So much food, had to take some home!
Mango-Painted fish 5/5- delicious! really spicy (I wasn't prepared for the extent of that, but it was wonderful)
Sangria 3/5- I usually like my red sangria to have a little more sweet and cinnamon to it, and larger varieties of fruit. But that may not be the style of this restaurant. Either way, I always get it because its super refreshing."
"Hands down, one of my favorite places to eat both pre- and during COVID. The food is great. I've had the Piri Piri Chicken, the Jerk Chicken, the octopus, and my favorite, the Lamb Burger. Both the dine-in and take out service is top notch. The one thing about take out is the packaging and Bem Bom does a great job at packaging the food so it stays hot during the trip home. 

Chef Chico is not only an amazing cook but a very personable and down to earth person. Eating at Bem Bom and meeting Chef Chico and getting to know the staff, really convinces me that supporting small businesses is the best way to support the community. Please take the time time to visit and let the Yelp community know what you think."
First I have to say Cooper was the best! His personality and everything was amazing! He is a terrific server to have if you visit. Second food was great! We all enjoyed our meals and who can say no to bottomless mimosas! Thank you so much AJ for everything! He came and checked on us and was so welcoming! We had a great time thank you for the hospitality.
"Very surprised with Bem Bom. For starters I thought this was going to be an Asian fusion restaurant. I came to this conclusion by driving by once and thinking I should give it a try. A lot of research went into my analysis.  When I was handed the menu I was pretty surprised and excited to see it was a Portuguese restaurant with a bit of Mexican Flare. 

I liked the setup and chose to sit at the bar facing outside.  The window was open and it was nice having a bit of fresh air while still being in doors.  I liked the overall decor and kind of felt like I was in LA.  

The regular menu and specials all looked good.  I thought everything was priced pretty reasonably.  I opted for the chicken piri piri. It was half bbq chicken with a spicy sauce. The chicken was bbq'ed pretty well.  The skin was crispy, the meat was juicy and overall slid of the bone pretty well.   It came with a choice of rice and beans or fries.  I went with the rice and beans and was glad I did. I'm not sure what was on them maybe cilantro and mango, but it had a great flavor to it.  I think the total was about $14 dollars for the entree. 

Overall it was a good meal and I'll come back. However, I would have liked an option to get all white meat for the chicken and possibly a touch more heat from the sauce. 

No legitimate complaints from and everything was good.  Although I imagine it's tough to park on a weekend due to the small lot."
Phenomenal food. And I do not say that about a lot of places. This place was filled with amazing flavors.  Chicken Nachos were so great. Burger was so delicious and moist even though it was medium. Fries were great. I got the carnitas-wow just wow!  I wish I had pictures JT went fast. Definitely will be back and I will tell others. Perfect seating during these times -outdoors!  Thank you so much!
Came in on a Sunday - it's hot, but we were able to get a table under an umbrella.  Nice vibe with guitar player in the corner (although could turn down the amp a smidge :)  Everyone was masked - tables appeared to be wiped down.  Food was really good - albeit a bit expensive (2 fried shrimp tacos will set you back $14) and the tacos do not come with a side.  Daughter got the carnitas tacos - really good - again $15 for three tacos, no sides.  The food took a LONG time to come out even though it was not crowded (no indoor seating)- thinking it may be due to carryout and they probably have a reduced staff to try to make some more $$.  Overall, they did a good job and I would be back.
The lamb burger lives up to the hype. The churrasco steak is amazing. Decent selection of beer and wine. The service was impeccable, very attentive.
Amazing food. Great service. Awesome vibe. Love this place so much and glad to see they've expanded their outdoor seating during Covid. Everything I've eaten here is great. Love their unique wine and beer selection.
This place is always awesome.  We have never had a bad experience.   The staff is always helpful and knowledgeable.  Everything thing from home made guacamole to the wine selection...you can not go wrong.
Bem Bom on Corrine is just incredible. Everything is always so fresh, and the price is right! I am really glad that I ended up ordering Pork Prego Sandwich, it was unbelievable, just a superb taste. The workers is certainly a highlight of this place because they are always fast, polite, and provide service with a smile! It was seriously an amazing experience.
"Used to be very smokey when you walked in in the bar part (to the right), but that has changed, and it is awesome! I almost always get Paella, it is BIG. they give you the whole pot. And it's chicken, sausage AND seafood... They usually cook to order, so don't get it if you are in a hurry. But while you wait, enjoy the olive that they give you. I can drink wine and eat olive all day. The bread is great, too. Especially when I am dipping them into the olive oil.

There is a little town parking lot (with parking meter) behind the building. Just go down the little street right by the building, and usually you can find a space there."
"It's good! They have some rather interesting dishes that are quite unusual and I've never seen in my 26 years of being Portuguese. Even my dad had never heard of half of the dishes. That said, the food was pretty damn good. Not the best I've ever eaten but certainly nothing to turn your nose up at. My biggest complaint had nothing to do with the restaurant but some rude patrons who gave their 5year old a phone on maximum volume to play with and then spent an hour running around the restaurant screaming. Would have been nice if management had asked them to turn down the phone at least. 

Overall, id go back here. Food isn't as good as Casa Portugal but at least the waiters here are friendly!"
I like the atmosphere of this place. The prices here are ridiculous though for the bland food they serve. Maybe I'm just not into Portuguese food. I thought that the paella was really disappointing considering we waited 40 minutes for them to prepare it. The service is very european, they allow you to take your time eating.
I really enjoyed Portugalia - while I normally enjoy more spicy food, I found some items on the menu that were rreally good. I had the chroizo and clam appetizer, which came with this sauce that was perfect for dipping bread. If you are a fan of Portuguese food, I would definitely check this out.
"I had steak there some time ago and it was delicious.

It gets a lower review because of appearance."
We went to this place Saturday for lunch and were totally stuffed for $16 cost of food. The plate Bacalhau was a mountain of delicious cod, potatoes and eggs. The pork loin delicious. We also had some delicious house wines there - and we are some serious wine snobs. We also used them for a catering job and their staff were wonderful and the food they brought was a big hit. When the event was over and they had food left over they brought it to a local shelter.  Haven't been there for Dinner but I can't wait.
"Didn't even know the name of this place when we walked in (actually found it on Yelp by searching for Portuguese food on Cambridge St), but was pleasantly surprised by what this place had to offer.

I have very fond memories of Portuguese restaurants from growing up near Pawtucket and North Providence.  The food at Portugalia reminded me for the first time in many years how good this stuff can be! I had the Pork + Clams + Potatoes dish and it was delicious and so so so much food. Perfectly cooked clams; just the right size (teeny tiny). Tender pork. Fried potatoes! What's not to love? GF had Fish + Tomatoes + Onions which was also really delicious.  Had a bottle of Vino Verde and it was great. They even brought us an ice bucket. Felt like the fanciest 16 dollar bottle of wine EVER. Waitress was a peach.  Will definitely be going back to see if this place to see if they can bump themselves up to 5 stars."
Went here because it was rated 4 stars....but wasn't too impressed. The food was alright, and the service was subpar. We were the only ones in there on a Sunday night, so I was surprised the food came out a little cold and the waitstaff wasn't very attentive.
Just went here for dinner and the food was great! My boyfriend and I both got chicken dishes and they were delicious. The salad and sides generally weren't anything to write home about, but the chicken and sauce were really good. Decent sized portions and friendly staff. Service was also pretty fast. The prices weren't bad, but also weren't great. I would definitely go again!
"Yes, the outside of this place leaves much to be desired, but the food is pretty darn good.  The atmosphere inside is warm and relaxed.  Tired of turkey leftovers, we came here for dinner and very much enjoyed the food.

The white bean seafood stew was delicious and plentiful (you will have leftovers!), and the appetizer sampler gave us a great variety of Portuguese tapas.

Glad this place is nearby - I will definitely come back."
Love the food! The stuffed chicken is amazing! And the cheap at the bar are fairly cheap!
"What a hidden jewel! I've worked in the Kendall/MIT area for almost 3 years and my coworkers and I have certainly done our share of venturing out to find some delicious food. My friend and I looked up a place nearby for dinner and we found this place on our yelp app. Since all the reviews seem to rave about this place we thought we'd give it a try. Do not let the calmness and ordinary looking restaurant fool you. It's true what they say about not judging a book by its cover. 

We were hesitant but decided to try it anyways and lets just say we had to fight our belly and convince that it wasn't full...lol! Any case I got the Grelhada Mista (meat & poultry) with my side choices of roasted red bliss potatoes and veggies. My friend got the Feijoda a Pescado (seafood) w/rice and we ordered Portuguese Fries to share. Words couldn't come close to describing how the food tasted but I'll try...AMAZING! We also got this lemon meringue thing to share and that was really yummy too! So this is a definite must try restaurant! Boy this review is making me hungry, I may have to go back again very soon!"
There are two Portuguese restaurants in this area, that I know of,  and have been frequenting for years. The other is Casa Portugal. This place is a local gem. Great food, good variety of Portuguese classics.  Made to order! What more could you ask for. The traditional decor is great.  The prices are extremely reasonable and the food is delicious. Don't skimp out on the Portuguese fries Nomnom.
As a Brazilian from Rio I know Portuguese food and this restaurant was very good,  from the appetizers to the bacalhau dish. Yum!
Complimentary bread/butter and olives (green and red) is cool and tasty. Bife a la Portugal is sooooooooo delicious. The portions are so generous for the price! The owner walks around and seems to know a lot of her customers personally. The waitresses are so hard working! Plus.......they have Sumol!!!!! I love this place!
"I live down the street and I am Portuguese (continental , not the Azores, and yes the cuisine is different)  and have eaten Portuguese food my whole life.  When I don't feel like cooking, I go there.  

It's good, not that expensive for what you get and the waitstaff is nice. It's not haute cuisine, but it's good."
"Every now and then, you walk into a restaurant, not expecting much, and it knocks you off your feet. This was one of those.

This place LOOKS like it must be one of the worst dive bars in town, so my expectations for the food were low. Imagine my surprise, then, when the food I received was such that any of the finest restaurants in the city would have been proud to serve it. The presentation was elegant. The flavors were sophisticated and delightful. The preparation was perfection. Oh, and the portions were generous.

Not only would I recommend this restaurant to friends, I am in fact already planning a dinner party there. I can't say good enough things about the food."
"After reading about Portugalia on Yelp, I decided to try it out this past weekend and was quite impressed.  The food was excellent, the portions were generous, and the service was good.

I had the white bean and seafood stew that Paul S. mentioned, and it was very tasty.  They did not skimp on the seafood, either.  It was maybe $15 but it was a huge amount with plenty of shrimp, scallop, and squid tossed in.  I ate the leftovers for lunch the next day and still didn't finish it!

My companions had the seafood casserole and a steak dish with Portugese fries.  We also all had a Portugese soda called Sumol - try the pineapple flavor.   The only thing that wasn't great was the Portugese fries, which were a little dry, but that is a very minor complaint.  Overall, well worth the trip and I will definitely go back!"
Good food, friendly staff, well priced, no wait.  I love the cabbage soup.  Everyone I went with loved their dishes.
"3.5 stars for Portugalia. We were practically the only diners on a Saturday night other than a boisterous private party. I was a fan of the olives to start, as well as the $5 house wines and yummy $18 sangria pitchers. Loved my Camarao Africana, shrimp sauteed in a spicy or mild creole sauce (I got spicy, which was zingy but not too hot at all). However, bf didn't like his paella, which was a bit bland -- white rice, white seafood and meat, white broth and tons of peas. Another friend got a grilled steak dish which turned me off with the humongous ring of fat around the side, and the salt cod had tons of bones, though I recognize that's just the nature of cod and the traditional way it's served. Pork with balsamic marinade was tender and flavorful, and everything seemed very fresh. In all a good dining experience, but I won't be rushing back.

Most entrees come with a choice of two sides. Whatever you do, make one of them the Portugese fries, heavenly crispy disks of fried potato that will soak up the sauce on your plate."
Actually pretty good food. I had grilled squid with a raw onion vinagarette. Also potato bisque with collards and sausage. Prices are reasonable. Everyone speaks Portuguese here as well as English. There is a bar attached to it that appears to be the local Portuguese hangout
"Went here on Friday night, and could easily get a table. The food was great! I had the casserole of seafood, which was really great. My husband had the African style shrimp, which were nice as well (although we both found my dish better). The service was quick and nice. 
We will definitely come back or order take out from them!"
Me and my family come here often. The food is excellent. We suggest trying the shrimp in beer sauce app. The chicken breast stuffed with asparagus and sharp provolone cheese is to die for. The staff is always friendly and attentive. So if you are ever in. Our neighborhood give this place a try
"We came here with my friends and it was the first time for us.We really enjoyed the food and atmosphere.Portions are very enough,we had left over.
The staff was pretty lovely and even though she was working by herself, she did everthing perfect.We live in nj but hope to go back there."
so delicious!!    I had the muscles in tomato sauce and it was super.  Lots of pepper, onion and spices in the broth served in a big old cast iron pot; yummy warm bread to sop up the broth.  Bud on tap made my husband happy as did his steak sandwich; not shaved steak but a tender  fillet on tender Portuguese  bread.  We're going back for sure.
Appetizers plate was good, I really liked it! Paella then, was ok. It was good but a little soggy, maybe it wasn't cooked enough. It tasted better the day after!
Old school neighborhood Portuguese. Had cod, Portuguese fries, collared greens and vino verdhe. All was great. Nice atmosphere. Portuguese potatoes could use garlic. I think more traditional. Nice evening.
Hidden gem on Cambridge St. Awesome soups and sandwiches. Service is awesome - Lourdes totally took care of my table. I am coming back. Extremely authentic!
One of my favorite restaurants in all of Boston. The service. The feel.  The staff is warm and kind. The place has a perfect mix of neighborhoody and elegant.  And the food is OUTSTANDING. I usually order various fish dishes and sometimes squid.  All are always delicious.
"In Cambridge in business, I was looking for a local neighborhood spot to have an easy dinner.  Portugalia appears to be a bit of a local institution, on Cambridge Street in what seems a Portuguese neighborhood by looking at the surrounding businesses.   Service was prompt and courteous.  A dish of Olives served as a nice welcome snack. So many Portuguese dishes on the menu, including several baccalau options, it was hard to choose.   I settled on the Fishermans Stew and  a glass of Vinho Verde.  Delicious, chocked full of seafood and white beans, and truly amazing flavor, served in a portion too large for me to finish. 

I sat in the dining room, but there was also a lively simple bar next door.  Everyone around me seemed to be speaking Portuguese so I'm guessing this is as authentic as it gets.  

I would definitely return."
Very friendly staff, charming interior, much nicer inside than one expects.  The appetizer sampler was excellent and I highly recommend the grilled squid.  The Fisherman's stew was quite good too, reminded me of a Cassoulet with seafood.  My son liked the paella.  The flan was tasty.  The only dish I didn't care for was the soup, Caldo Verde.  Didn't do anything for me.  I found the waitress particularly charming. I liked the neighborhood feel of the restaurant, not trying to be trendy.  Unpretentious and tasty food.  I would probably give it a 4 and a half if I could.
I ate clam, portuguese sausage, bacalau and flan - they were all good.  I love the food there.  Who could expect this quality of food from the interior?  I did not (OK, I am in Portuguese area).  The waiter was not very chatty but did his job.
Great food. Quiet and unassuming. Find it to be a great place for work meetings over lunch.
This casual, family-run restaurant serves authentic (and exceptional) home-style Portuguese food without pretense.  Priced right, super friendly, remarkably fresh and genuine flavors, parking in back.
Very good food but only three stars, for indifferent, unprofessional service. The waitress grabbed two menus, led us to our table, plopped 'em down and walked off. Later, a couple with two teenaged children got the plop and leave treatment; also, the wife clearly didn't like that they were given a corner table, where she'd have to stare at the wall, while there were plenty of better tables. They huddled, got up and left. Had they stayed, they might have enjoyed their meals, but there was no sense of welcome or graciousness here. Good food is not enough, but the owners of this place seemed oblivious to that.
ok I live in the same street and love the Portuguese food .this place is awesome and have an amazing food .but these days I always look at the place and find it empty .that's make so sad .I think its about the price .the management need to think about it .I dont want to see this place going out of business .I wish im mistaken and they doing a good business .just want to say my opinion and all the support for a clean nice place with a good service like this place
We eat here quite often. Food is wonderful, as is the waitstaff. Wholesome, delicious and at $89 for dinner for 4 (before tip), with wine, how can you go wrong? First you get a bowl of delicious green and black olives followed by hot fresh rolls from the bakery across the street (a plus in the green column). Highly recommend the Fisherman's white bean stew, Paella and bouillabaisse. Baked schrod topped with tomato, onions and green pepper is a favorite, too. A good, healthy meal. Collards are super as are the Portuguese fries if you are feeling sinful. Getting a table has never been a problem. Love the Fado music and Portuguese wine list. Check it out. You won't be sorry.
This place has very good food and an attentive staff. I've never had a disappointing meal. I like that they provide you with a bowl of olives as opposed to simple bread. The decor could use a little updating and it can feel cramped if it gets busy but the excellent food merits anyone giving it a try.
Okay, I guess. Lots of food, most of it's fried. Nothing on the menu is particularly exciting, and nothing we've ordered has been particularly good. But I can't come up with anything outright bad, either. If it were out in the suburbs somewhere, I could see going there more often, but given how much of a selection there is in the area, you're probably better of skipping it. Go to Muqueca for better in a similar (a bit higher) price range, or Casa Portugal for higher prices and higher quality.
Stopped here on Easter evening for dinner. Everything was great!  Not too busy, service and food were spot on. Will definitely return again!
"When I studied abroad in Spain, I found that my fellow students and I brushed off traveling to Portugal in a similar manner that we Americans do to Canada.  Pff, it's right there, and if I'm gonna travel I'm gonna go big!

Funnily enough, those who did have the foresight to travel to the other part of Iberia said it was the most unexpectedly cool place they went.  And if Portugalia is a snapshot of that idea, then I'd say they must be right.

The decor of the restaurant is absolutely lovely (sometimes I can be a sucker for pottery), and despite our 8-person party size, service was quick and friendly (my #1 criteria - I never had to request that my water be refilled).

The Caldo Verde (potato, leek, and linguica soup) was a perfect pair for their hearty bread, and the fish croquetas were a delicious precursor to their flavorful paella (the saffron really came through more than other paellas I've had in the past), and the grelhada mista - a skewer of various grilled meats, sliced potatoes and tomatoes.

Lastly, the flan came topped with toasted coconut - an accompaniment I've never seen before - which proved to be the perfect touch!  Highly recommended.

So Portugalia, thanks for a delicious meal, and curses for reigniting my traveling bug."
Wandered into this off-the-beaten path restaurant on an early Saturday night after finding restaurants on Main Street full up. What a wonderful surprise. We were delighted by this Portuguese meal. Slow to come out of the kitchen, but a waiter explained that the chef prides himself on cooking each dish. The octopus was tender and tasted just like lobster. Pork and potatoes had a savory pop. The bread was excellent-crusty on the outside. By the time we left, the place was packed. Pluses: great prices and a parking lot out front.
A hidden gem in Woburn for Portuguese cuisine. I ordered the sardines, tripe and pork dishes that were homey and savory.  This family run business is charming and cozy.
"I went with my in-laws who are portuguese to this place. They have yet to get their liquor license so its bring your own bottle, which is fine for those who drink as I do not. You really can't get any better than this. 
Everyone was pleased with their meal. The food is of the highest standard. 
The waitress was Brazilian however and was nice but absent minded. 
The plate I got was the combination plate with rice and chicken, portuguese sausage, lobster and more. The owner is super nice and explained how he built and renovated the place from nothing to a cozy restaurant with great food. This will always be the place to go to with my new family."
"How would you rate a place where you had the best tasting entree this year and a wine that not only was really enjoyable, but only cost $20!  For me, that's a 5.  True it's only one visit & there are hoped for improvements, but the experience was a compelling reason for a return visit very soon! 

The Octopus stew was not what I expected.  A shallow soup type plate with discrete pieces of Octopus and potatoes in a truly outstanding reddish-pink liquid.  The Octopus could not have been cooked better.  Firm, not mushy and with only a hint of sea flavors.  But the sauce ... oh!, sooo great ... not thick, but enough to coat the fish and potatoes.  There is another octopus dish on the menu I want to try, but it will take real will power to not order the stew again.
 
I enjoy wine with most meals and often disparage all the many restaurants who price their wines outrageously high.  But this place deserves a gold star for its wine prices.  We had a Portuguese white Dao.  I looked it up afterwards and not only was it well rated, but it retails for $10-14.  So, they're using a 2x or less markup ... another reason to consider frequent visits.

My wife had a tray of seafood ... it comes in several varieties and looks quite appealing.  She had a couple of the biggest shrimp I've ever seen.  The few bits she passed to me confirmed her judgment that it was wonderfully cooked.

Now to things I hope will change.  The clams in our appetizer had a nice consistency and tasted great,  but a couple of the clams had some grit ... very off putting.  The sauce though was another winner ... so much so, we'll probably try the clams again.

There was no wine list; the bottles, maybe 10 or 12 were on a shelf and we were ask to pick one.  Had to ask the waitress the price and she had to go over to a list posted by the bar to find out.  A regular wine list would be appreciated.  Maybe they just got their license and it's a work in process.  So, no longer a BYOB, but this may be one of the very few cases that could be a good thing ... reasonable prices and a chef who picks good wine!"
"Visiting from California. Love Portuguese food. Tried many restaurants but this one is the best by far. The clams, the sardines, linguisas and the star was the Polvo grehlado (grilled octopus). Must try!
Definitely recommending to everyone."
Great restaurant. Have been here a bunch of times   And reminds me of local azorean restaurants.
"First and most important, it's BYOB kids. Every other table seemed to know this but us. 

The restaurant has apparently been open a little over a month. We kind of stumbled on it while looking for another place.  It is small but nicely decorated and clean. 

The service and the kitchen are a little slow. The water is bottles of Poland spring which came out of the 24 pack that they charge $2.50 for. 

The food is good. The calamari was done just right and was one of the better calamari dishes I've had. The sardines were cooked nicely and had good flavor. The bread comes with a nicely seasoned oil and the olives were great. 

Both myself and my friend ordered fish dishes served in ""a light tomato broth.""  The broth was great and the servings were huge but in both cases, our fish was pretty overdone. My dish was rich in shellfish which sadly had become dry and chewy. 

We split the Portuguese tart for dessert which was quite yummy with a Portuguese orange liquor. Cappuccino was a good finish. 

Overall, I would go back here and try a non seafood dish. There are some kinks they need to work through but it's worth a try."
I was in town for some training and decided to try this place out.  The service was good and food was fantastic.  I had the cod cakes which were nice and crunchy and very flavorful.  Decided to try one of the specials it was a chicken gizzard and heart stew.  I must say it was one of the top 5 fishes I have ever had.  I have some more training in late January and will be stopping back in hopefully they have it on special again.
Came here for the first time yesterday! Really nice food and staff! We stayed for a long time and they still serve us! I actually felt bad for them... For our main meal we had the lobster, so good, and the seabass, fresh and flaky! I will definitely come back when I am in Boston again!
"If your looking for authentic Portuguese cuisine,this is it! The food at Adega's  is made straight from the heart. Chef Helder and his staff know quality service at it's best. Service is wonderful.  It's cozy with beautiful antique culture displayed on the walls,it's family Friendly. I highly recommend you experience the taste of Portugal at Adegas.
The Ferreira Family"
They have a great deal on a pitcher of Sangria.  This is real Portugese food without having to go into Cambridge.
We had one of the most memorable and delicious meals we have ever had at Adega. The flavors and presentation were fabulous; the octopus was tender. We had the Feijoada Mariscos-delectable! The Espada Preta was mouthwatering. The Galina Sao Jorge was exquisite. Helder prepares seafood like no other chef we have come across. Roger is an excellent host who has never steered us wrong in recommendations of the food being prepared. We will return over and over to enjoy this food made with such attention and love!
First time I had Portuguese food at a restaurant and It was great. The pricing was also good.
Best Portuguese food around, great service. Apps are delicious.
"Adega is cozy and has friendly staff. Their service and food is very comforting. The waiter is attentive and helpful. You can pretty much "" customize"" any dish, which is perfect. 3rd time there and I am definitely going back!"
My go to dish at Portuguese restaurants is Carne Alentejana. This is the best I've had. The service is top notch. The chef has daily specials with a focus on fish. If you have a favorite Portuguese dish, get it here.
Chef Helder make a great Portuguese food!  Service was friendly and efficient and decor was very cool.   HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!!
"Went here tonight for dinner for the first time and, wow, so amazingly delicious!

Got there around 7:15pm and there were some folks ahead of us, so we had a medium pitcher of red sangria at the bar that was very tasty. We were able to order and eventually got a table around 8pm.

We got the grilled cod and the steak with shrimp. Both were incredible! That was the most tender shrimp I've ever had and the flavors across the board were amazing. Portion size was large and I had some leftover of my cod to take home for tomorrow. Cod was a bit chewy if I bit off too much, so definitely had to take my time.

We finished off with a dessert (I forget what it's called) with cinnamon and egg cream and it was really good! Perfect end to a wonderful meal. We'll definitely be back here!

Only ding is that they can probably use another server to help them kept up when the restaurant is packed as the service was on the slow side. They were super nice though, so we didn't mind terribly much."
We are visiting from California and found this place thanks to the recommendation of the owner of the Liquor Cabinet. He did not exaggerate. The food was fantastic, abundant and we'll priced. If we weren't going home tomorrow we would definitely return.
"The restaurant now has a short, yet good wine list. We had a bottle of Castello D'Alba for $17 that was full bodied and not dry. Also served was a complimentary appetizer of olives and fava beans.

The appetizer of clams was well prepared in a sauce of fresh garlic and served with excellent, chewy bread. There were about a dozen clams for $9.

We shared the entree of shellfish for $18 with a white kidney bean and bell pepper sauce. The beans added a distinct flavor to the dish which was a welcome surprise. It was also laden with fresh garlic. I cleaned my plate with the bread after eating the half lobster, clams, mussels, shrimp and calamari. It was excellent.

I can see where the service could be spotty with a full restaurant, but it was friendly and attentive with only four tables occupied on a Sunday afternoon. We received good advice on the wine and food, and would certainly recommend the place to anyone looking for great seafood prepared Iberian-style, that is fresh, properly cooked and garlicky."
"I'd have to say that this Portuguese restaurant hits all the right notes, from the traditional decor to the items on the menu.  If you're super hungry, go for Italian.  If you want something well balanced with many undertones and a savory festival for your taste buds, without jeopardizing something too spicy or too exotic, then this is a great choice.  This is definitely a date spot.  They play Benfica futebol on the televisão.

Parking could become a challenge on holidays and they also don't do reservations on holidays as it is first come, first serve.  Having a back up restaurant isn't the best game plan but luckily we got in and the staff was extremely hospitable.  If you're expecting an expansive bar, this is not the place, but they do have some excellent Portuguese wine and other enjoyable spirits.

Lastly, you absolutely must try the desserts, particularly the ones mixed with alcohol.  When you mix their special custard with that plus some cinnamon, you'll have quite the surprising experience!  I knew cinnamon is a spice, but I never felt so much kick from it in this sultry concoction!  It is nice indeed."
Being Portuguese and living in Maine has one downfall. NO PORTUGUESE FOOD unless we are visiting relatives but that doesn't happen much. While visiting Boston we were staying in Woburn and I found this restaurant and was so excited, I told my girlfriend we had to go. Although the outside area is a little rundown once you are inside it's totally something different. We had the Chouriço a Bombeiro for the appetizer and I got the Mexilhoes a Espanhola which I highly recommend, they were AMAZING. My girlfriend got the paella and I swear to you there was enough food to feed 3 people, also very delicious!!!!! Everybody was kind and very attentive!!!
"came in for a late dinner
no line
place was half empty and we set very close to the window
place is very spacious face has about 30 tables
great for large parties

good selection of food

some of the food is kind of pricey

Arbella came up to $450 for 6 people"
Loved it here! I just came back from a trip from the Azores and was missing the food, decided to try Adega. The food was very authentic and huge portions. Lovely decorations and music on a quiet Tuesday night. Our server was very kind! I've been eating Portuguese food from my family all my life and I enjoyed everything we got!
Just celebrated my parents 50 anniversary at this little hidden gem. James the chef and his crew made us feel like one big  family. Food and service were A+. Would highly recommend this place if you are feeling a bit homesick for some Portuguese ambiance and great food. Thank you for making our day more special than ever anticipated.
This place is the definition of a hidden gem! Authentic Portuguese food and in classic Portuguese fashion very plentiful. Big plates big portions. The ambiance resembles a resturant in Lisbon complete with traditional Portuguese Fado music playing. If you want a taste of Portugal and are north of Boston, this is a must visit.
Great food, good price. If the bread are warm and the butter is soft. Everything gonna be perfect. Really delicious mango mousse cake.
The food was great! Large pitcher of sangria was bottomless (for 2 people). The service could be better and faster but the quality of food was worth the wait.  Didn't expect from this place a lot but was pleasantly surprised. Let see how it goes the second time there.
"I must say that this was a gem that my hubbie found.

Pros
Portuguese Red Wine 
Grouper 
Surf and Turf 
Appetizer 

Cons
""Paella"" not on the menu

Small place and filled with natives, that is how you know it is good.

The gouper was amazing.  Highly recommend for fish lovers.  Never had grouper?  It is better than swordfish in flavor and even more tender.

They cooked hubbies steak beautifully and drenched with a gorgeous gravy.

We ended up eating at the bar, but it was very comfortable."
"Highly recommended for large parties

I work for an organization where catering is often required for a minimum of 50 people and in the last few weeks, we found it difficult to find places that can accommodate us. So I am beyond grateful to have worked with Nando's today. 

We had to order lunch for 50 people, pre-pay for the order and have it delivered. I called about 15 different places in Richmond and most of them were unable to deliver one or all of our requirements. 

Thanks to Nando's, today's lunch went well. Jack who took my order, and Emma who prepared our order today were extremely helpful and polite. They had everything in foil pans, provided us with the plates and cutlery required, additional sauces and some coupons for future visits. I'm sure we will be placing an order with these guys again coz they were so easy to deal with, no hassles, on-time delivery and of course, the quality of food was just excellent. 

Thanks Nando's for making my job a bit easier today."
Who knew you could come to Nandos for great customer service! This place rocks, the owner is so sweet, I would come back just for the service alone and ps:?the fries were great!
Awesome chicken and equally fantastic personable service! Even picked up some Portuguese egg tarts to go and they were delish! I was reminiscent of my trip to Portugal :)
I came here with some friends. I think that Nando's is my new addiction. I always loved their chicken and sauce, however, it had been a long time between visits, therefore, was pleasantly reminded of how good their chicken is. I feel ashamed that I had forgotten in the first place. Unlike the other locations, this one is busy but the turn around is manageable. Great customer service and the chicken was served in a timely manner. They did sell out of peri peri sauce to go, however, there are other locations closer to my home in which I can grab a bottle. Very filling on the sides.
"We arrived on a Thursday night for dinner after visiting WaterMania.  Happened to notice it after visiting TD Bank ATM next door. 
As a first time visitor to thebchain,  the lady patiently answered our questions and made recommendations based on our answers.  We ordered a chicken pita and three skewer plates.  
When the food arrived,  the fries were hot and crispy and my daughter wouldn't share any of her rice side. I enjoyed my chicken pita and Steam Whistle pilsner.  Wife enjoyed her Quinoa Salad with chicken very much, also. 
Perhaps the entrees were not inexpensive but I think the quality of the food was above average for sure!  I'd visit again."
"I came here with a Groupon, so the deal for tonight's dinner was awesome. Instantly, the cashier knew about the Groupon deal and the transaction was very smooth. I ordered the Dozen lemon-herb wings with the coleslaw ($10) and my boyfriend ordered the Hot half-chicken with peri-fries ($12). The seating area was really pleasant with comfy booth tables and lovely, wooden decor. The food came relatively quickly (about 10-15 mins). My wings were BBQ'd evenly and the coleslaw was fresh, with it not being too creamy. My boyfriend enjoyed his chicken, with me stealing most of his yummy, fresh fries sprinkled with peri-spice. The only down-side was that the spice doesn't penetrate all the way throughout the meat. However, there's a good fix for that because at every table, there are bottles sauce to use at your leisure. 

Service was really friendly, seating area and bathrooms were clean, and parking was plentiful. Wonderful experience - I will be returning for sure."
"I've been a fan of Nando's since an old workmate of mine introduced them to me back in 1999.  The chicken and the Peri Peri sauce.  That got me hooked.  Didn't need much more than that.  Since then the chain has grown and you'll find these places throughout Canada and the US.  This particular franchise is close to my friends business so I come now and then for chicken.  Usually just Chicken and that's it.  Stay off the carbs and a glass of water.  And these days I don't eat much, so it makes for a good small meal and much better than a burger. 

Now if you happen to like it spicy as all things in life should be. Then you're in for a treat!   So what are you waiting for? 
Note: on one of my visits I had some wings which were really salty.... aside from that. It's good enough for me."
"Was hoping to grab this culture's signature infamous Portugese-style egg tarts, but no dice here.

Unfortunately got mixed up and ordered their buns instead, yet still tasted yummy w/ the condensed milk--what doesn't haha.

And for $3, included a hot drink, this is the best deal here.  

Their HK cold, tea/coffee, for extra 50 cents, is one of the better drinks in recent memory.  Just for a comparison, some places make it way too sweet.

Will recommend this as a good value snack."
I was already in the strip mall the begin with, whoever, stopped in 'cause they advertised egg tarts. These egg tarts are more Portuguese style so they say. To be honest I didn't taste much of a difference between the Chinese and Portuguese buns but they were still good and reasonably priced.
I like their pork chop bun. It comes with a drink and all together cost less than $5. Their baked rice dishes are average but if you want a quick and cheap meal, it's not too bad. There's not number system here. The lady that takes your order has a pretty good memory of who ordered what and will stare at you while she calls out your order.
Yummy food and friendly owners!! This is my go-to at Parker Place centre's food court :)
Good juicy pork chop hot toasty crunchy bun, excellent speedy service.  Complimentary hot drink.
Great (spicy!) food for very reasonable price. The Service is awesome. I can't wait for the patio to open!
My parents are impressed with the taste and service as this was there first time to try this place.
I eat at Nando's a lot but this was my first time at this location. Great food as always with a comfortable atmosphere and good price point
"This is my second time trying nandos and since I wasn't sharing this time, I tried their quarter chicken of breast and wing with medium spice level and a side of grilled veggies. In terms of the actual chicken, it is quite moist and I dipped each piece into the peri peri sauce making it pretty good! The sauce really is what sells this chicken but the three stars is for those veggies. They were drenched in oil and consisted of mainly onions with a few carrots, peppers and zucchini. I couldn't even finish the small bowl cringing at the pool of oil at the bottom. 

Overall, quite expensive for something simple but the peri peri makes it alright."
SO good!  I love this type of restaurant - order at the counter and pay, then have a server bring your meal.  I had the chicken skewers with peri peri fries (fries with seasoning salt - who knew?). Chicken skewers were awesome. A little spicy for me but I did okay, and you don't really get a lot for your $$$!  However, we enjoyed our lunch today. I think I'll eat here again soon at the Park Royal or Lonsdale location.
"Nice change from typical  fast food places, although that is questionable as well.  

Doesn't entirely satisfy the fast aspect as it can sometimes take a while for meals to be ready.  Many of the choices on the current menu are just as unhealthy as the burger chains.  I guess it just seems better, and nice for a change."
The service here is really good. Considering you are not being traditionally waited on, there is a few check in's, water top up's and delivery of sauces. Nando's has really stepped up its sides, new options including salad (finally!) this is a pretty cheap way to eat a reasonably proportioned meal (veggies, starch and protein I mean.) Hubs and I often share a two skewer plate and no one is left hungry, 15 bucks for two? Deal! :D
This location has pretty good service! I love nando's chicken, the spiced rice and corn in the summertime. As far as price goes it's not exactly fast food cheap, but it's tasty and worth it.
The food is so good!  Service was a bit confusing at first but it was ok.  Loved the slight kick on the Lemon n Herb Chicken.  Have to try the Medium one soon.  The way the chicken is prepared helped me reminisce the way Filipinos prepare the traditional Lechon Manok.  We enjoyed  the food and the side dish they served so far.
"Fantastic food, right price!
Try the cod, it is amazing!  I moved...  I miss it!"
Unbelievably great service to us 'pasty white people'...who wanted to watch a European soccer game, and amazing food and wine....friendly, friendly people...and my family is picky about service and food!!!  Can't say enough great things!!!
"I like this place. I go there all the time when I am craving a good steak and eggs. Also to watch some quality Portuguese soccer. There fries are excellent as well. 

A lot of people might not like the old gentlemen that come in but I think that they add a more traditional flavor and they can be a lot of fun to listen to. 

If you go, order the Bitoque."
The food is very good, the service is terrible. I've always assumed that the waitresses are related to the owners and don't want to be there, maybe aren't being paid to be there. Grumpy old Portuguese men sitting watching soccer and glaring at anyone who doesn't look Portuguese that has the gall to try to eat here. However, the food is REALLY good, so if you can stomach the feeling that you're not really welcome, and aren't in a rush to get anywhere afterwards, it's worth a visit.
Just alright.  We were really looking forward to this, as Nando's is typically a pretty good place to get some fried chicken.  Perhaps it's because this was in the food court, but everything was just...alright.  Not horrible, and probably loads better than the other fast food restaurants surrounding it...but not the best fried chicken either.  The fries were nice and flavorful (I wouldn't go so far as to say spicy), and next time we'll give some other menu items a try--but at one of the sit-down restaurants.
"Fav sides are vegetables and regular fries! The peas and coleslaw are just okay.  

Great service and food. You can pick how spicy you want your chickens done. Otherwise, there are seasonings that you can help yourself with."
"When Barcelos first opened up at Market Crossing, I thought it was just a copycat of the more well known Nando's. To be honest, I've only eaten at Nando's on rare occasions (mainly in shopping mall food courts) and I've never been very thrilled by their offerings.

Well, since I've eaten at Barcelos, I figured that I'd might as well try Nando's too. I visited for lunch in early August and ordered the 1/4 Chicken Leg and Thigh with 1 side ($10). When I first walked inside this establishment, I wasn't sure if I should sit down or go to the counter at the back to place my order. Seeing as how there was no greeter when I came in, I went to order at the counter. I found it a bit difficult because they didn't have an easy-to-read menu.

My past experiences with Nando's were pretty much confirmed by my meal... the chicken was a bit dry, which is odd for thigh meat which is usually more moist when compared to the breast. It was also a very small portion with very little meat. It turned out better after I poured some sauce on the chicken (and I do like their bottled sauces that you can find in supermarkets). The grilled corn wasn't too bad either.

When comparing Nando's with Barcelos, I'd have to actually give it to Barcelos for better execution of their grilled chicken and sides. Barcelos also has some good peri peri sauce that I'd say was better than Nando's. On the plus side, Nando's has a cool pop dispenser where you can pick some neat selections."
The priced at this Nando's are slightly lower than other locations' as this one is at a food court. The chicken is still yummy here. Like the fast service.
Great food with quality ingridients unlike the majority of the food court there. Service was really fast and the chicken was delcious as usual, they also have a great salad with a kind of olive spread that works really well together
"mmm, Nando's can sure make a mean chicken!

and wouldn't you know it...this was my -ahem- last meal before heading for my first skydiving jump!!  (not that I had any doubt I would be here to give you this review!)

this time, i opted for the chicken Mediterranean salad (i just finished teaching yoga/pilates...i figured i should stick with the healthy theme) and added the corn on the cob after salivating over the picture.

the chicken is great...love the sauce...the bbq flavour is very strong... the rest of the salad was great too! love the black olives...cherry tomatoes...a little too heavy on the dressing though.  it came with a Portuguese bun - which helped calm the overpowering dressing down abit.
the corn was sooo good.  loved the grill marks....definitely could taste the bbq flavour... alotta butter and oil baby!!  (not complaining.... but i tend to like my corn plain... the kernels are normally so sweet and juicy without all the fat.....not that im complaining!!)

PS!! did you know that they are LICENSED??!!?

it was a good last meal.... er, if this happened to be my last meal i mean.."
Our favorite place! We love this food. So happy to have found this spot on our travels. Service could be a bit more friendly and helpful but overall a good experience
"This is one of the top 5 options for the Metrotown food court.  You can always expect the same level of quality from all the Nando's in the lower mainland.

I prefer to go to the restaurants though as the portions are larger and quality is slightly better when dining in."
I finally tried Nando's after all these years. I ordered a chicken sandwich and my sister ordered a piece of chicken leg and fries combo. We shared both meals and it was okay. It was not amazing. The sauce was flavourful. $20 something for lunch seems to be the norm these days but a bit steep for food court food. At least, I can say I have tried their food.
I get the white rice with Lima beans and goat every time. The taste is a little different sometimes, but it's always good. The salmon and beef are yummy as well. Anna, the owner, is a real inspiration to her neighborhood and a gentle, wonderful soul. Come here for authentic and delicious Cape Verdean cuisine!
Good food. Fast service, had a variety of things to choose from. I ended up getting the red snapper plate with rice, veggies and cachupa. Everything taste good. I'll be sure to order from here in the future.
Hard to believe this place hasn't been reviewed on here before. I love this tiny little Cape Verdean place. Consistently great food like salmon, tuna, chicken, always three kinds of stews, tons of super tasty fried stuff like empanadas. I don't speak Kriolu so I can't name it all off, but I've now tried just about everything on the menu and it is all amazing and worth the price.
Their food is good. I love their fish. Sometimes they have an attitude but who doesn't at some point in serving customers that are different from them or who doesn't speak their language.
Great little, local place with hard working and determined workers worthy of hungry customers. Food is tasty, good sized portion, and usually less than $10. It's like a little buffet: you walk in, pick your rice your meat and whatever else you want and mentally prepare yourself to be satisfied by a great meal.
The staff here are super nice, hard working and eager to please. I have gotten a medium size platter ($7) and shared it with my husband for dinner; the prices are incredible. My favorites are seafood rice (a little more expensive), catchupa, the bacalao with chickpeas and hard boiled egg and roast chicken. Also the only place in the neighborhood to get a fresh fruit cup or salad for a healthy snack. I go here at least twice a month! Great find!
Awesome Cape Verdean food.  Very comforting and very cheap for the amount of food that's given to you.  They have a small area where you can sit and eat.  Very nice establishment and the owner is awesome.
My third time eating there this week, great selection of traditional Cape Verde dishes. Great service with a smile!!!
I love love love this place.  I used to work in the neighborhood and it was    a total perk to have these amazing hot lunch options. Fish is fresh, rice is savory, chicken is perfectly done. All of it is totally reasonably priced. The owner and staff are gracious and welcoming. Stop in, eat a good meal, thank me later.
Wasn't expecting much was was impressed from the hot bread till the end. Service was a bit slow (lunch) as the bartender was also the server but the bacalhau a Gomes-sa and the Alentejana were on point. Two dishes that are tough to get right were well executed. Highly recommended.
"After leaving disappointed at Casa Portugal down the street, we decided to go to Portugalia. We walked in from Boston and entered Little Portugal, as we opened the doors. Ceramic plates dressed the walls (no one said us Portuguese were known for our interior decorating) and Portuguese men with mustaches dressed the bar.

Ordered the Bitoque, which is a tougher cut of beef topped with a sunny side up egg. The lunch dishes come with two sides of your choice. I opted for Portuguese french fries and rice, which were good but not as good as next door at The Snack Bar."
"It may not look like much on the outside, but Portugalia is great for a rib-sticking meal. The food was solidly good, with lots of seafood options. And the boyfriend enjoyed the warm bread basket so much that he ate 6 rolls... Our table of 6 shared a pitcher of sangria. 

I ordered the seafood casserole and it was chock full of scallops, shrimp and fish baked in a cream sauce with breadcrumbs. While the sauce could've used a splash more cream, the seafood itself was great. The side of Portuguese fries was a little too oily and soggy for my liking, but I ate them all anyway. I also enjoyed the garlicky sauteed collard greens. 

Overally, I think it's a great  group restaurant. Portions are generous and  prices are fair considering most entrees come with a choice of two sides."
"Great find.
I was originally headed to other restaurant when this place caught my eye.  It was my first venture into Portuguese food.  What a delicious treat!
I had the Feijoada A Pescado and it was wonderful.  It was like a great home cooked meal.  Reminded me of my grandmother's food and the nostalgia of childhood.  
It was so filling that I couldn't finish it and since I was visiting from out of town, I sadly had to leave my leftovers, but the happy memories will remain."
"RELAXED COMFORTABLE ATMOSPHERE and GOOD FOOD

Just what you'd like in a neighborhood restaurant. relaxed atmosphere, soild menu, reasonable wines, good variety and quality. Very happy we ventured out this evening."
"I was very happy with this place and will look forward to going back. I stopped by today for lunch at about 2pm and I had the place practicaly to myself. As other reviewers have pointed out the exterior is nothing to write home about. It doesn't look great. Inside its lovely and clean. The decor is fine and will not get in the way of enjoying your food. 

They had a number of lunch specials and I wasn't sure which one to pick. I had to ask the waitress which one was her favorite. She pointed out three and I chose ""Bacalhau a Brás"" which turned out to be a salt-cod casserole with egg, onions and potatoes. 

They prepped me with delicious (very) hot rolls and small dish of olives.

The food was presented well and the portion was quite large. I shouldn't have eaten the whole thing, but I couldn't stop. In any case, a lot of places seem to try to overload patrons with food when the quality isn't high. In the case of Portugalia this wasn't a problem. The food was rich in flavor and I couldn't stop. It was delicious.  I'll have to go back to try some other choices on the menu."
I've been coming to this place for years and every time it doesn't disappoint. The food is amazing they also have a cute bar that you can have drinks and scratch tickets. Whenever I want Portuguese food this is the place that I go.  I have to drive an hour which I do from New Hampshire
Just fine, no ambience, food so so, service so so.
"We had our wedding rehearsal dinner at Portugalia.
They have a private (air conditioned) room that seats about 45.
They did a great job setting the dining area up with beautiful linens and set up the tables and our rehearsal dinner favors as we asked.
The food, which is a combination of Portuguese and American cuisine, was excellent.  The service was also very very good and the onwer/manager was super accomodating with our requests.  It was a great location for the group dinner and our guests told us how much they enjoyed the food.  I would go back there again for dinner."
"Going off the beaten path while traveling is often a rewarding experience, and our experience at Portugalia was no exception. We stayed in Cambridge on a visit to the Boston area, so we knew we had to go looking for some of the famous Portuguese cuisine. My husband is a research freak, so I left it to him to settle on one, and this was his selection. We arrived on a Sunday as a nearby church was letting out, but thankfully our fears about running into a horde of churchgoers did not come to fruition. We did, however, encounter several Portuguese families there, plus a couple of what looked like newly-minted Cordon Bleu graduates. We took those as promising signs. 

The food was excellent Portuguese comfort food. We started with bowls of the caldo verde soup, which was just the right balance of potato, collard, and linguica. My husband went with the shrimp-stuffed sole, and I chose the bacalau with tartar sauce and potato puree. My first bacalau experience was pretty amazing. I had to pull out some pin bones, but once I got past those, the flesh was firm but tender, and had just enough tang from the salt it was cured in. 

We asked our kind young server to recommend a bottle of vinho verde, and she came through for us. The Quinta da Avaleda was a mere $16, but proved a worthy companion to our meal. We actually went looking for it when we got home. 

On the day we were there, I think our server got stranded by a coworker, because she was taking care of the whole dining room. I sincerely hope she doesn't have to do that all the time. She did a great job, despite having to deal with a pack of assholes who decided- right after their food came out- that they wanted to have it packed up to go. 

This is a family-friendly place, unfortunately for us. Stick two people who don't like kids in a restaurant, and guess what ends up at the next table? But for you folks with crumb snatchers, you'll feel right at home."
The service was great. The appetizers were delicious. We ordered choriço grelhado (it was amazing!) and the mexilhões em alho e vinho branco - also very tasty and fresh. We came with a party of five and the tip was included with the total. Three of us ordered the bife á porugalia. It wasn't terrible but it wasn't the Portuguese steak that we are used to. We also ordered the carne de porco alentejana. It was really good except for the clams. They were very chewy, could barely eat them. Again, it was a little different style than what we are used to. And we ordered the Frango á porto which was really good. I would recommend but it's just not the style of Portuguese that we are used to.
Visited this restaurant for my grandfather who is originally from Portugal. We love coming here for traditional Portuguese food with bold flavors and fresh ingredients. The service was great and our big party had a wide variety of dishes. The shrimp, cod, and steak were all cooked perfectly and bursting with flavor. I highly recommend the Calde Verde as it brought me back to the days my grandma used to make it from scratch when I was a kid. Will definitely be back!
"Family restaurant, great menu, specials, nice wine list, dessert and coffee.  My first Portuguese meal from appetizer Kale soup, sausage (it had a name, came in a fire boat too; I just can't remember), Gamba Africana made with a little spice just as I like my meal, rice, potatoes, I had dessert too, it was awesome just as everything else on the table just can't remember that name either.  

Service was excellent.  The owner and daughter both took care of my colleague and I in making my experience exceptional for which they truly were successful.

Great vibes, cozy, warm environment, well-know local awesomeness.  I'm even told celebs of Boston come home to eat there and presidents too."
Can't wait to get back here and sit down! Great service and food! Never disappoints. Really, true home cooking!
"We stumbled upon this quaint family restaurant for a spontaneous dinner and was treated to some great seafood and Portuguese appetizers.  Walking in, the entire set up and decor of the dining room looked to be a grandmother's home kitchen and living room.  The food was comforting and homey as well.

Food:
Portuguese tapas appetizer: this came with a number of different dishes, such as the Portuguese sausage and cod fritters (I forgot the actual names).  They had come with several dips and it took a bit of trial and guessing to decide which sauce went with which.
Salted cod: their menu had an entire section devoted to salted cod dishes, so we grabbed a dish with potato puree (similar to mashed potatoes then baked) and vegetables.  As I'm not really a fan of cod, this dish wasn't my favorite.  The red pepper sauce on top of the fish (also came non-broiled in the tapas dish), though, was very savory and made the dish much more exciting.
Paella: this was probably my favorite and although it is a Spanish dish, was also recommended to us by the waitress.  In general, most of the dishes here were on the lighter side, but the rice, peas, and abundance of seafood was flavorful enough for a nice, comforting dish.

Recommendations: a simple date night location with plenty of leftovers for a second round."
"As someone who has eaten at dozens of Portuguese restaurants, I was really looking forward to eating at Portugalia since it would be nice to have a go-to Portuguese spot in Boston. If you grew up in Fall River, New Bedford, Elizabeth NJ, etc..., Portugalia will remind you of home. Here's the rundown on the grub:

- Camarao (Shrimp) A Chico- ok, but not as good as Shrimp Mozambique
- Bife (Steak) Portugalia - decent, but not really memorable
- Paella - Can't believe anyone is pumping up this Paella - pass

Food was 2.5 stars, but I rounded up for service & authentic atmosphere. Ultimately, this confirmed that I have a strong bias for Azorean and against continental Portuguese food."
Portuguese bread is good. I had never had paella before; I enjoyed it, particularly the saffron-flavored rice, although I suppose it did take a while. It was a little expensive, but in the end the two of us paid about $30 and had food to take home.
Never had Portuguese Cuisine outside of my sister in law and I am definitely recommending this place.  Tucked away in Woburn, the staff is friendly and the food is great.  I recommend the sardines on toast!  Excellent find!  Don't change a thing!
I got the soup of the day, potato and leak with topped with some linguisa, and the sardines on toast.  The sardines were fantastic, served whole with the roe still inside.  Had a glass of red wine, not sure what it was, but it was the only bottle he had open and it was great.  I think the owner was waiting tables and the service was a bit slow (mostly because I was on my lunch break and I had to get back) but he is very friendly.  I would have liked to stay for a coffee and possibly a dessert, but sadly I had to get back to work.
"Adega was just GREAT!  The food was amazing, everything was cooked perfectly, the portions were huge, and the presentation and prices were good.

Our table of four had a little bit of everything and shared a pitcher of Sangria.  We had some great conversations with people at the neighboring table, and with the cook/owner and he sent us home with a little something extra to try.  What great hospitality and authentic food!

We will definitely be back to this cozy and friendly restaurant.  We have been to Cambridge many times for Portuguese food, but it's nice that we don't have to go too far from Winchester.

We thoroughly enjoyed this experience."
This place is definitely unique, the food tastes very good and you can tell its authentic. The service was on point. The folks there are friendly.
I was visiting Woburn from out of state and decided to try Adega. The service here is excellent and the food was so good I'm coming back again for dinner tonight to try the filet mignon tips. I ordered polvo which arrived quickly and was very very good. Highly recommend this restaurant.
"It is not that the quality is worse, it just didn't have my fave things anymore. 

So I have some starred to 4."
We were here last night on a whim and I am pleased to say it was a success. I had a seafood stew that was attractively presented. The serving was plentiful and the sauce fantastic. My daughter had a pork dish that also had a great sauce. The house wine by the glass was more than adequate. It is a new place that might have growing pains but we will be back.
"So this place has been open for over 6 months now, and we finally decided to try it 
last night.  The place was about half full of diners, but filled up a little after we were 
eating.  We were given two complementary plates of olives and fava beans, and 
some nice chewy bread while we waited for our drinks.  They do serve beer and wine,
and I opted for the Portuguese beer, Sagres.  Other ordered sodas, and unless you're
drinking wine you don't get a glass.  Not a problem.
 
Service was a bit slow since there's only two waitresses and probably one cook, but
we weren't in a hurry.  We ordered Lapas (Limpets) and fried calamari.  Our waitress 
said the Lapas were strong flavored, gamey, but good.. and I have to agree.  We liked
them, but the sauce was a bit too much lemon for my taste.  The calamari was very
good, with plenty of sliced cherry peppers.  

For our main courses we order Seafood Stew, Adega Steak, Adega Shrimp, and Steak and Shrimp combo.  The shrimp were gigantic!  And cooked well.  The steak my wife ordered was good, but she ordered it Med-rare and I prefer rare (barely).  My seafood stew was excellent, though missing the fish filet.  It was packed with muscles clams, shrimp and potatoes and a savory tomato broth.  It would have been nice to have a crusty crouton or something to go with it.. but it was quite filling nonetheless.

For dessert there was only the Flan, we ordered two for 2 adults and 3 kids and I had a glass of port.  It was an excellent meal that everyone enjoyed.  Although the service was a little slow, they were attentive as they could be for a 3/4 full restaurant and 2 wait-staff. The atmosphere is quite and homey but the music was a little loud and the CD player skipped often.. I would have preferred lower or no music.

We will definitely go back again, I want to try the tripe with fava beans or maybe the cod."
"Excelent food... had the octopus, fresh tender and delicious...

Best Portuguese place outside of Portugal."
Great food, wine and atmosphere. We go here on special occasions or if we just want to be treated to a nice dinner. The menu has lots of seafood  options that are very well prepared. I highly recommend Adega.
Have been there a couple of times..food is pretty good..service in the restaurant is lacking..The other night I was there and the server had no idea about the menu. I had to point to the wine I was ordering (sparking) and he came back with a red wine. Also I had ordered an appetizer which was forgotten, and I had to show the waiter the menu to let him know what I ordered. Both times I was here it was as if the server (a different person each time) had never seen the menu! The kale soup was excellent however, and my husband's duck was good; ingredients were fresh and chef was hardworking. We had some Madeira wine for a nightcap at the bar which was nice
"We visited Adega--a quaint but homey setting--on a Sunday evening and had a reservation. We ate the fried smelts and the Caldeirada de mariscos na telha. We are from the Mediterranean and this seafood was delicious and, most importantly, reminded us of home. 

The staff was very pleasant. The wine was great. The food was delicious. I could go on. But I won't -- you should already be calling to reserve."
"Visited the restaurant twice over several month period. 

One time the food was very good the other time it was average. Not sure if they changed chefs or something else that caused this change. They have a good selection of food with some nice sides. Atmosphere was small and quaint and generally quiet. Overall the food was good but both times I visited the service was very poor. From non-attentiveness to being very slow. Last we went there were only two tables occupied, yet it took 15 min to get a drink and 20 min to appetizer which was a simple Portuguese sausage. The wait staff did not seem to care on both occasions. I wonder if one of the girls understood English. One time the credit card system did not work, rather than tell us when we arrived, they told us when they gave us the bill. Since we did not have the cash, had to leave to go to ATM. I was not happy we were not told coming in.

This place has decent food but has many shortcoming with the front of restaurant staff that really needs to be improved."
Delicious!  What a great experience.  In Woburn for meetings and stopped by for some homemade portuguese food.  I think the picture will speak for itself.  Service was phenomenal.  Looking forward to next time i am in Woburn to return to the gem of a restaurant.
Had the mussels and they were unbelievable and the service was excellent!! Definitely will be back to try everything on menu! Highly recommend!!
I had looking online for a good Portuguese restaurant to take my family to celebrate my wife's birthday. I thought Cambridge would be the best chance but everything I read seemed disappointing.  By chance I found Adega in Woburn just 3 miles from our home. It live up to everything I read. Perfect little cozy restaurant with great authentic food, decor and friendly family oriented service. Definitely now on our list of regular restaurants to visit.
"What a gem!  Woburn and the surrounding area is lucky to have Adega.  What's even better is now if I want Portuguese food, I don't have to go to into Somerville or Cambridge.  The restaurant is comfortable and decorated with homey-style decor

My parents brought my husband and I here on New Year's Day 2016 for my birthday dinner.  As soon as I opened the door, my sense of smell was pleasantly overwhelmed by the delicious smells of potatoes, meats, fish and other delicious foods.  Chef Helder is doing a fantastic job and his waitstaff are extremely professional and attentive.  Since it was my birthday, I ordered the meal that I would want on my last day on this Earth--Adega's bife a Portuguesa.  This meal was enhanced by the high quality of meat, the perfectly cooked egg, the delicious sauce and the chef's hand-cut potatoes.  I was in heaven.  I ate the whole entire thing even after eating linguica, a ton of bread, and the goat cheese appetizer--total pig out fest and I loved every moment of it!

For dessert, I had flan and an espresso.  The flan was super creamy and just the right amount of moisture.  The espresso was served Portuguese style and it was rich and amazing.

Those of you that want your Portuguese cuisine on the go, Adega offers take out!

I highly recommend this restaurant and I'll keep on coming back unless something drastic changes."
"Some high points and lows. On the good side, the grilled octopus was excellent. Lightly charred. Not a fan of the punched potatoes. These are essentially baked potatoes. Also ordered the shrimp with goat cheese. Great choice. The sauce was excellent. Wish that the server would have left it on the table for dipping with some of the other dishes which weren't as flavorful. Ordered the white sangria. Not great. Very diluted and it seems that they made it right before, so the added fruit was just decorative. Portions are very large. I highly recommend sharing. I wish they had some lighter options. For desert, ordered the honey cake with vanilla ice cream which was a special. This served in a wine glass and it is essentially a piece of fruit cake that is as hard as a rock on top of vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup. So, the name was not at all accurate. It was inedible. Tried to break the cake down in the wine glass and almost broke the glass, then I took the cake out of the glass and placed it on a plate to cut in to pieces and it still was too hard. 

Did not order the flaming sausage, but it looked and smelled excellent. I wish that we had ordered it, but note that it is very large."
Good home made Portuguese food large quantities could share a plate depending on your appetite.
My husband and I had not been to Adegas for a few months due to a medical issue. When we did return on a Friday afternoon we were pleasantly surprised. Our waitress was excellent! We started with the lapas and caldo Verde and grilled  sardines over a delicious and moist corn bread-all exquisite and done to perfection. We continued with a mouth watering pork Alentajana. Next a feijoda de bacalhau and a duck dish that  melted in your mouth. The desert was a  pasteis de nata drizzled with Madeira wine & cinnamon. The  tables have individual Portuguese Olive oil which complements any dish and the Portuguese bread, olives and beans  were delectable. This was a favorite of ours and still is  exceptional. Roger and company out do themselves to make any foodie enjoy a gourmet delight!
My husband and I went here tonight for the first time. It's location is in a run-down strip but the interior is clean and pretty cute. The waitress was extremely nice. The bread and olives to start were lovey and I liked the white wine she brought me. We had the cod cake appetizer and the fava bean appetizer. The cod cakes were tasty but could have done with a sauce of some kind. The favas were also tasty but very mushy. I had a special which was stuffed lobster with seafood rice which looked very impressive but honestly had no flavor. My husband had stewed octopus and he wasn't crazy about his meal either. It was fun to try but I think next time we are in the mood for Portuguese we will go to Cambridge.
Delicious Portuguese steak with a fried egg! The Lapas was great, first time I ever had it cooked
We have now been going here for about a year. We have to drive 30 minutes, but the meal is always worth the trip. Since they do not take reservations we try to get there early. The food is delicious, the service excellent, and the other patrons during our last visit appeared to all be Portugese. Our go-to appetizers are the flaming Chorizo and the Mussels in paprica sauce. Make sure you get enough of the warm rolls for sopping up the sauces! The special of the day on our last visit was Grilled Halibut which came Portuges saffron rice loaded with shellfish. We also had grilled octopus and cubed pork with clams, garlic, coriander and cubed potatoes. My wife led a food history trip to Portugal last year and the dishes we had brought back wonderful memories and stories of that trip. If you want fresh fish (there are also many meat entrees), authentic Portugese, and tremendous service, give this place a try!
My favorite restaurant. Declaration is special. Price is reasonable. Food is delicious. But the chicken wing is too salty, hope they can change the recipe.
Had a great meal at Adega. I ordered the Camaro de Queija Cabra, which was sautéed shrimp with peppers and onions in a spicy tomato sauce with rice and goat cheese. I'm sensitive to spice and found it a bit spicier than expected but was able to enjoy the delicious dish nonetheless. I had a glass of sparkling wine, and some bread and olives. I didn't try the desserts or starters but they looked delicious - and the meal was filling enough! Will definitely be back.
"I thought this place was good.
We came on a Thursday evening and all the food was very flavorful.  We had fava beans for appetizer and even those were flavorful; that's saying something!

We had a robust red wine from their wine list all of which were portugese wines and two steaks.  But there is a great selection of seafood/shell fish.  We topped it off with dessert and coffees.

My only disappointment is that they did not have the flan for dessert."
"This is one of the most awkward reviews I've had to write (yet). The food at Adega is fantastic and definitely in line with all the very favorable reviews. On our visit, they had one waitress working, it was her first night, and I'm pretty sure she came here recently, because she knew Portuguese better than English. I'm also not sure how much formal training she received, and she was having a challenging time balancing her tasks. But having been a waiter many many years ago, I know how tough that first night is. There were a few miscues. The owner pitched in to help our waitress (the right thing to do), but there was a horrible miscommunication between them regarding our dinners, resulting in a domino effect of other problems, many of which should not have happened. Eventually, we did receive dinners pretty close to what we ordered, and we were comped, and I will end this review on an optimistic note.

The wine list is very limited, and we opted to order sangria instead. This is made to order at the bar, it took a little longer to arrive due to the miscommunications, but it was very definitely worth the wait, perhaps some of the best sangria I've had in ages. 

Our appetizers came out quickly and delicious. The flaming linguica is a treat. I think every table in the restaurant ordered it simply because they watched everybody else get theirs. The cod cakes (with potato) were equally authentic and delicious. 

I can't - yet - give a great review to the dinners because of the missteps we had. Once a problem was realized, the kitchen made an effort to get our dinners out as quickly as possible, though there were a few ingredients missing in one of the entrees. 

The staff is very sincere, and I hope they work through these things.

But the important part - when I asked everyone at our table, ""Would you come back?"" the answer was a unanimous ""YES!""  Hopefully we will get back here in a few weeks, and I am eager to have a favorable update."
The place is small but very cozy. We went on Mother's Day with the intention to bring my mom to try some portuguese food. She loved it. Totally recommend it.
"Adega is a medium sized family oriented Portuguese restaurant with Genuinely Authentic traditional offerings. The depth and variety of favors and attention to detail is what keeps us salivating for more and the atmosphere is also excellent. 

Highly recommended!!!!!"
A lovely Portuguese restaurant! I am not used to having such wonderful Portuguese cuisine readily available where I'm from and this place was absolutely delicious. Super authentic food, affordable prices, and everything tasted amazing! Staff was welcoming and friendly. Service was quick and everything was served nice and hot.
"So i always like to follow up if i have given a poor review with an update. After being turned down for a gift card by the very guy that sold it to my wife she called the head office for Nandos. Mark was very helpful and apologetic toward our trouble with the gift card.He told us that all Owners are trained to deal with these issues and all Jack had to do is punch in the number on the card. The magnetic strip had failed and this is the way to solve the problem. He could see from Toronto that there was $ 40 on the card and that it hadn't been used. 
We were very happy that we got an answer and he will also send us some coupons for our trouble as well as scold the Owners and retrain all staff so this doesn't happen again. Unfortunately, we may never go back to this location but at least other customers will be treated correctly and get the service they deserve. By the way, the food was great."
Well great news from the Nandos head office. The gift certificate arrived in the mail and was almost $60 worth of chicken. Toronto customer support, you have done more than expected. He did say we will have a feast. Well a party pack is a great way to keep us happy. Thank you Nandos. Now i can introduce more people to the taste of fresh chicken. The Abbotsford Nandos was really good. Portion size, service and they actually had tea and coffee. Something that coppersmith in Richmond stopped serving. Jack said because Tim Horton is right there. Lame excuse Jack.
First time here, and it was really good. The guy at the desk helpful. I got the the double chicken skewers, one was the mango and the other one the lemon and a side Caesar salad. I like the lemon one better and ended up cutting up the chicken and putting it on my salad and it was really good. A little overpriced I would like three chicken skewers for what we paid. The sauces they had available to try was neat, so was the info book on the table about the peppers. I wanted an ice water, but couldn't find any plain water in the machine. Maybe they could have it sitting on the counter with water cups.
"Amazing delicious chicken!!
This location is the best of them all and believe me I have cheated and tried others.
Staff was friendly and helpful with the whole  Nandos concept of ordering.
This place was really clean and loved the music they were playing. I have been back several times and man! That place is busy!!!! And still great service. Definitely check this place out it will make you an addict!!!"
The food is good as you can expect with Nando's. My family love Nando's chicken! But the service is disappointing. We had to clean the table where we can sit as they have NOT cleared any of the tables that were available. We ordered no-baste but still got a spiced chicken. This is not the same experience I get from Nando's on the North Shore. If you are just after the chicken and food and do not mind a so so service, then this place maybe fine. Otherwise ....
"We were driving by this location, and I mentioned to wifey that I had never had Nando's. She was super surprised and insisted we turn around and get some food.

We perused the menu and settled on the ""Full pack"" - a whole chicken, 2 sides, with garlic bread.  We picked the medium sauce for the chicken, and fries and garlic mashed potatoes for the sides.

The food  arrived 10 minutes later and everything was hot, savory, and delicious! The only miss was the garlic bread, which was greasy and soggy.

I think it was good enough to add to our Vancouver list, so we'll be back next time we're in town."
"Nando's-home of the periperi. This Portugese chain of restaurants exclusively serves chicken dishes, and is what I call an attempt at gourmet fast food. You order up front, take a number, and then find a seat and wait for them to come over and give you the food. 

Their menu consists of sandwiches, salads, salad meals and all kinds of chicken (breast, leg, thigh, wings...) 

Drinks are in the bottle or cans, and they are licensed so they also serve beer and wine. (Yes, wine!) 

Food takes a while to come though, sometimes over 15 minutes. 

All Nando's are decorated the same, with sunshine yellow walls, and maroon accents. It's casual, with a more restaurant feel. There's really no service here, you just do your own thing. 

Meals for one, or meals to share. Half a chicken, chicken breast, chicken kebab, wings. Meals to share can feed up to 5 adults, with 2 whoel chickens, 3 large sides, a portugeuse buns. 

 I usually get the Peri plate, which consists of 1/4 chicken, kebab and 4 wings, with either a chicken breast, or a leg & thigh. Everything comes with your choice or 1 or 2 sides- Peri fries, spiced rice, classic fries, coleslaw, or baked potato. I always get the Peri fries, which have this seasoning on top that makes it soo good. 

They have five levels of hotness for you to choose from: lemon & herb, mild, medium, hot, extra hot. I usually get the lemon herb or the mild. (Yes, I'm a weaksauce for spicy foods.)

There's also extra sauce packets that you can add to your food-for those that love sauces.  I adore the garlic sauce!

I've always had a good experience here, sometimes my wings would be a little burnt, but overall, the chicken is well marinated chicken, and consistently juicy and tasty. This location even has the Portugeuse tarts!!"
Delicious! Keith and I have never been disappointed with Nandos's! We both had Chicken skewers- mine was lemon herb Keith had medium hot Peri-Peri. The chicken was delightfully flavoured, spicy and  extremely tender and juicy. Their peri peri chilies are harvested from 1400 Farmers across Southern Africa. ( It's marinated for 24 hours!!) We shared a garden salad with the Classic Dressing and also had a  side of roasted vegetables.  Keith partaked in the rice side( nicely done) while I had the potato wedges spiced with Peri-salt. All in all really good and well worth the price, which is very reasonable! Come down and see this location, recently renovated , including Artwork from South Africa. The only thing I didn't like was , while sitting in their booths, because they are attached to one another, every time someone moves around or gets up you feel like your back is being kicked. A most annoying feeling!
The staff in this location are very friendly, helpful, and efficient. Food is delicious especially the lemon herbed chicken, plus I really like their coleslaw; it's not too creamy and has just the right flavor. The place is also very clean compared to other locations which is very nice and I commend the business for using biodegradable and recyclable to-go containers. 5 stars all in all!
"Hard to find macanese food in van city. So basically this is the best place in Vancouver...

A pork chop bun with a drink for under 5 dollars is worth your time, but the parking at Parker Place where this place is found is horrendous. 

Bread toasted and crispy, pork chop juicy and not over seasoned, and mayo is in excess but not unacceptable. Lettuce and tomato is a bit of a sideshow and largely just there for filler. In Macau, you may not even get a vegetable in the pork chop bun. 


Would I come back?
Yes
Would I reorder?
Yes"
"Whenever I am in Richmond, I do frequent this food court in Parker Place, I find it one of the better ones for just pure selection of different things, yet I have never tried this one, until now. As another reviewer stated, Macanese food is not the easiest thing to find in the Lower Mainland, sure you can find some dishes usually in an HK cafe menu, but one place devoted strictly to the food.... not a dime a dozen like other things. I was not in the mood for the regular servings I would usually pick up around here, and finally went for the pork chop bun that Macau is famous for, and so begins my journey at this little stall.

I went up to the counter, and what you see is many things not just on one menu behind the till, but you see pictures and prices shown like a collage of things. From all day breakfast, rice dishes, noodle dishes, to the buns with a slab of protein in them, if you do not know the cuisine then everything is new to you. I stuck with something that was safe... and fairly cheap. $4.75 get you not just the big pork sandwich but comes with the HK cafe style drink, not bad for under $5, and yes... cash only, like this whole food court... if you didn't know.. don't worry, there is a bank in here to get the moolah to pay for your food.

They just call your order out once it is done and put on a tray, they do not give you a number, they do not take down your name, you order, you pay, you wait, or you can walk around and come back. I actually find their pork chop bun not bad, as in, the size is pretty standard, they cut it in half so you don't have to kill this all in one sitting, if you choose.. or if you choose to share they don't have to give you a knife, or you don't have to rip it apart like an animal and make their food ugly. I like the attempt at putting some vegetables in this hand eaten sandwich, a thinly sliced cucumber and also a slice of tomato (gotta have your greens.. or stuff that grows from the ground) and they toast up the bun so you have this thing soft on the inside and crispy where it does a good shattering when you put it in your mouth.

I have ordered the hot milk tea, and the iced lemon tea, and depending on your mood, you cannot go wrong. They do not over-sweet the drinks, with the milk tea they didn't even add sugar (do it yourself). I hope to get a chance to try something outside of their sandwich lineup, but for now... when I am here and feeling that urge and I don't want to break the bank."
"Macau Cafe is located in the food court in Place Mall. If you survive the Minefield that is the parking lot you will discover excellent value an authentic Cuisine from various regions in China and Taiwan.

For today's lunch I settled on the Macau Cafe. Since Macau is famous for its pork chop sandwich Street Food that's what I ordered here in Richmond. I received a regular sized sandwich and added the iced tea for the very good price of $5.25, and even found a table to myself in the usually packed eating area!
   The sandwich comes with a thin pork chop cutlet marinated but not deep fried in a Portuguese bun. Below the porkchop are tomatoes, cucumbers and sauteed onions with a generous slathering of mayonnaise. Sliced in half with a toothpick the presentation is on point.
  Time to dig in! First bite reveals someone flaky crusty bun and a great combination of the cucumber and pork chop! The pork chop is a little bit dry but still good. The bun could be improved slightly as well but I'm not going to be hyper critical on this $5 sandwich. This is still heaps better than anything Tim Hortons can offer! So come down to Parker Place and celebrate the diversity of this great City and enjoy Cheap Eats!"
"百家店Parker Place位處溫哥華大量華人聚居的列治文市，自1993年開幕至今除吸引不少列治文本區居民消費外，亦吸引大量溫哥華及其他地區的華人前來購物。民眾來逛百家店除了購物以外美食亦是節目之一，因為百家店擁有多家食肆酒樓外，其美食中心更有各式廉價亞洲風味餐飲的小店呢！現時美食中心共有17間食肆，提供各式各樣的東南亞風味美食，選擇很多又經濟實惠，并有大量免費枱椅供食客們用餐呢！我今天光顧的是百家店美食廣場裡的「澳門街」，它主打港澳式早餐和多款葡式傳統美食。

澳門豬扒包 $4.75 (附送熱飲) ~ 麵包外皮烘得非常香脆，豬扒亦鬆軟不乾，再配搭起炆煮過的洋蔥和美奶滋，好吃得很！

炸馬介休薯球 $4.75 ~ 馬介休球(來自葡語Bacalhau)是葡式醃鱈魚混馬鈴薯泥製成，口感很好，外面炸得酥脆，馬鈴薯泥鬆軟，帶著一點點的魚鮮味

酥炸沙甸魚 $4.00 ~ 不知是否葡萄牙傳統做法，這沙甸魚未經清理腸臟處理，叫人吃起來有點嘔心。如果你是很懶或很憎有魚骨的人士，就不太建議你點這個！因為沙甸魚是有很多又幼又軟的骨啊！

芥末酸菜葡國腸 $3.75 ~ 葡國腸吃起來很近似脆皮腸，配搭隨餐附上芥末和酸菜極更具異國風味"
"This is the second time I have been here for lunch and like the first time, I got the Beef Brisket cooked in Red Wine with a Portuguese Bun. It is so delicious, I wish had bought 4 orders and taken it home, maybe next time I will do that.

Staff were friendly and very helpful. Service was quick. Price is extremely reasonable. Food tastes better than some of the better sit down restaurants I have been in. I recommend this place, enjoy."
"Food was yummy and satisfying. I really liked Portuguese Chicken Rice ($8 and $1 for iced tea)just that it didn't have any potatoes in it.

Staff was helpful and friendly. I requested not much rice into my food and she helped me with that. I just didn't like having too much rice. Iced tea was delicious. I was feeling full after eating half of my food, and took the rest for next day's lunch. I'd love to try other dishes here next time."
"Having lived in Richmond, BC for most of my life finding food is not the problem, but if you are looking for good food at unbelievable prices then Parker Place Food Court is your calling.

Macau Café are known for their ""All Day Breakfast"" items with a Portuguese twist hence ""Macau"" in their title.  Had their combo #C10 - Katsu Fish + Fried Egg + Ham + Salad + White Toast.  Added a Hot H.K. Style Milk Tea to complete my meal all in for $7!!!!  The Katsu Fish was breaded and deep fried perfectly crispy on the outside and flaky on the inside.  The mini salad with mayo on the side was a perfect compliment to cool things down.  Portions were not huge but I would say just right if you are looking for a bridge filler to your next meal.

Place takes cash only.  Seating capacity is limited due to the pandemic measures so expect to wait around for tables to become available.

Free parking is available in the mall's parking lot.  Lot can become full on weekends and during rush hours, so your best bet for a spot is on the 2nd level."
"‼CHEAP EATS ALERT‼.
*
Ever want some super cheap and delicious, and most importantly quick breakfast in the morning or throughout the day? This is the best place to go to!
*
Currently they are still opened and accepting phone orders!
*
Pork chop or fish steak with sausage and egg ($5) add ($.50) for iced drink, and ($1.25) paired with condensed milk Portuguese bun.
*
The pork chop and fish steak is super delicious. I personally love the fish steak because it's super crispy, yet juicy and tender in the middle and the tartar sauce is delicious! (Pro tip: ask for sauce on the side! You will thank me later) the egg is cooked perfectly over easy, and the sausage is delicious too. You have the option of sausage, spam, or ham. I usually go with sausage or spam.
*
I love how this breakfast is super cheap, customizable and delicious. It's quick and efficient and so convenient right in the food court of Parker place!
*
Cheap eats .
*
 9/10 - honestly I love this sort of breakfast I grew up with this so no complaints, the food is delicious and freshly made to order! Plus it's flavourful. I did wish they used plastic container instead of styrofoam containers.
*
 10/10 - so cheap you can't go wrong! It's efficient, cheap and customizable! I'd eat 2 if I need to and not need to even worry about my wallet!"
"Cantonese food is easy to find in Vancouver, but Macanese food is a more difficult task. There are a few items like Portuguese Chicken that may be found on the menu at a Chinese eatery (typically a HK café), but I had found no place that specializes in this cuisine until now at Macau Café.

Personally, I don't have much experience with Macanese cuisine. I did visit Macau a couple years ago and loved the food that I had there. When I was visiting Vancouver last month, I visited the Parker Place food court in Richmond. I noticed Macau Café had replaced Bo Lin, a Chinese vegetarian place that I had frequented over the years.

Since I am not all that familiar with Macanese food still, I can't attest to whether it is authentic. But to me, it seems like it. The menu has items that have a Portuguese flavor to them with ingredients like Portuguese sausage and sardines as Macau was once ruled by Portugal. The culinary imperialism mixed with Cantonese food led to the creation of Macanese dishes.

The food here is really affordable. I did not see a dish over $7. Plus entrees include a free hot drink (coffee/tea). I decided to order the baked duck confit & sausage on rice ($6.75) and a pork chop bun ($3.75). The pork chop bun also comes with a drink which is why I got two drinks as my photo indicates.

I waited a good while for the food. This is because the baked dishes take a considerable time to prepare. If you are looking for a quick bite, I would suggest getting the pork chop bun. Based on my wait, it was clear that was the most popular item on the menu.

The pork chop bun that I had at Sin Lei in Macau was truly one of the culinary highlights of my trip there. The one at Macau Café is decent, but does not quite match the one at Sin Lei. The pork chop is not as crispy, but it is also not as oily either if that is important. It is a good value though and I would recommend it if you have not had one before.

The duck confit and sausage rice was good. Albeit loaded with too much rice to eat on its own. I would share this dish with someone. It is similar in taste to fried rice though a bit more decadent due to the duck and sausage.

It can be a challenge to find a table to sit if you are dining at Parker Place. I would recommend coming here at an off peak dining time and perhaps bringing a dining companion to stake out a table while the other waits for the food. Otherwise, take your order to go.

If you are looking to try a different variation on Chinese cuisine which has a Portuguese flair to it, I would recommend Macau Café."
This is by far my favorite Nando's location!  Very friendly service and super casual atmosphere.  We ordered the chicken sandwich with peri fries (which were perfectly seasoned) and perinaise sauce (my favourite).  Our food came out perfect and we had no complaints!
Great food and very friendly service. I enjoy take out and dining from here every few weeks as their chicken and Peri peri fries are beyond delicious. The staff here is always welcoming and the new renovations fit well
My husband and I love coming here. I am a fan of their peri peri fries and I love how they make their chicken. Its not greasy and the taste reminds me of our traditional Filipino Roasted Chicken. The sauces are delicious and I always ask for a take home bottle of garlic peri peri sauce.  Today we had a really good experience. Food excellent. Service excellent. Looking forward to coming back here.
Fantastic service and gave me above and beyond what I had ordered based on a misunderstanding of what the menu item was.  Will come back again.
"Came to Nandos today. A restaurant that I had been going to back in England for years. This was the typical Nandos. With extraordinary chicken, medium sauce, and FLAMES garlic bread. I'm here for two days and will go back tomorrow for a half chicken medium with peri chips and garlic bread. 

Side note, lady server at the front was awesome. 

Ten thumbs up for a job well done."
"I used to live in England for 10 years where having a cheeky Nando's is almost a tradition. We are traveling to Vancouver and saw the sign. Such a joy ! That definitely made our day. The service was great and the food delicious. The manager on duty named Nisha (spelling ?) was amazing !!! 
We are starting our trip to Canada in such a great way !"
"I happened upon this Nando's location during a recent lunch hour.  What a fortuitous find!  My co-worker and I had an excellent albeit brief meal here.

As usual I ordered the chicken sandwich - medium spice -  with a side of peri rice.  I love the peri fries but wanted something a bit healthier on this occasion.  The sandwich and rice came out within a few minutes of ordering and really hit the spot on a cold day.

Service was friendly at the counter and our dishes were promptly taken away when we were finished.  I did find this location to be a little bit on the small side, definitely more cramped than other Nando's locations.  There is plenty of parking within the mall to access the restaurant and lots of other places to eat in the area, but don't let that distract you!!  I even found a Nando's imposter just across the street in the other section of the mall which I will not name.  Suffice to say I have not tried it, despite my curiosity.

I would happily go back to this Nando's if I find myself in the area again."
I don't understand why this man does get so many negative reviews compared to the other locations. I've been here at least three times to great service. It's been a couple months to at least one year. I've had minor communication issues in the past but certainly nothing to warrant a bad review over just required me to repeat my order again which isn't a big deal. I ordered my usual two piece with the side and a bottle of Perri Perri sauce
Didnt want to cook so we got dinner from Nandos, ordered the double leg and ceasar salad and 5 wings for $5 x2, service was quick and friendly.
"We stopped by for lunch and had their 1 piece chicken with 1 side of rice
The chicken was very juicy and tender!

Love that they have a sauce station so we can try the peri peri sauces

The only downside is that their rice was very mushy

Otherwise the staff are helpful and the meal was ready promptly"
The staff is really friendly (Specially Sara! Super sweet and amazing). The Portuguese potato fries, caldo verde, cod cake and bacalhau (cod) da casa were amazing and really tasty. If there is  a party going on on the next room it can be quite a while to get your order (it is still worth waiting), but on a regular day it is really fast. The food always comes super fresh and hot. I highly recommend this place.
Bang on!  The halibut is amazing, and it's a brilliant mix of Commercial Drive and Portugal.
"This is a ""must go"" place. 
During the Italian festival I go to get my sardine and bun mmmh! !
The environment is the best,makes me feel like home.  It is like being in my home country.

The food amazing, people: the best! I simply LOVE IT"
"I've been here twice and managed to eat.

When you go in, you'll usually stand around waiting for a while. When someone appears, they may or may not acknowledge you right away. It's like being passively vetted in a cool nightclub line in New York, except it's a bald, fat old man in an completely empty restaurant standing at the other end with his ass turned toward you. If you dig that, then I highly recommend this establishment. 

At this point it's still not a sure thing you'll get served. You might walk to the back and say 'hi' to the guy, and he might say 'hi' back. Then he'll look at you like 'so who are you and what do you want?'. You might say: 'could we get some food?'. He'll look at you appraisingly, and there will be a pause, and he'll say... 'maybe'. 

If you manage to sit down, you'll find fancy table dressings and a longish wait for food, but it's good food. If you're going, you're probably eating seafood, and it'll be a big plate. 

While you wait, wondering if they'll change their minds and ask you to leave, you can stare at  the display of maritime accoutrements that are stuck high up on the wall, saturated with grey spackle."
Great place! Loved the food and the overall ambiance.  The service was good and the service made good recommendations.  The portions were good and the food tasted great! Great place for authentic Portuguese cuisine.
"This high end social club has had a long history in the neighborhood, from its roots as a dirty bar for teenagers, to its rise as a respectable restaurant and dancing venue. 

The meals are good but expensive, probably to keep out the riff raff. Lots of extensive families, and people there seem to have known each other since childhood. I went once and my old high school drama teacher was DJing a bunch of trance Portuguese music and avoiding talking to us in front of his friends.

Be warned, it is rather exclusive, and has been known to refuse entry to those who are under-dressed or incapable of a few sentences in Portuguese. If they give you a hard time, just say ""Quero pouco vinho"", and then nod to whatever they say afterwards."
"在溫哥華能吃到正宗葡國菜的餐廳越來越少，三家經營多年的葡菜餐廳""Chefe Daniel Flavours of Portugal""、""Sagres Restaurant""和""Casa Verde Restaurant""已先後結業，現在剩下來的就只有今天光顧這一家了。Portuguese Club of Vancouver又簡稱「PCOV」是一間葡萄牙會所餐廳，除了為會員提供服務外，亦對非會員的民眾開放。會所餐廳外觀一般，沒有特別的裝潢，只掛上加國、葡國及卑斯省的旗幟。內部空間和枱椅的距離都十分寬敞舒適，中央是兩排長餐桌，方便多人聚會之用。而兩邊靠牆位置則安放多張方形餐桌，亦可隨需要轉換成為長形組合。裝飾最突出之處是牆身上掛滿各式各樣的捕漁和農耕工具，足以代表葡萄牙的航海和農耕歷史，極具心思啊！"
I am portugêse and vitiating pcov for one bitoque its always a must. It's like going to one of those restaurants one can find easily in Portugal. From the food to the decoration. Welcome to Portugal.
"This place, Portuguese Club of Vancouver (PCOV), changed.  Yelp took down my first review for not having enough firsthand experience.  Walking in the door, looking at the menu, finding out they did not take credit cards, and walking out is firsthand experience in my book.  As of this juncture, I have eaten here.  And they do accept credit cards ... or I wouldn't have eaten here.

See, it all comes down to how to deal with monetary issues for 1 to 2 days in Vancity.  You're not going to go to the bank in the U.S. or in Canada for less than $100 in Canadian currency.  You shouldn't use an ATM and pull out money either.  Instead, you can go buy a Slurpee at 7-Eleven, a donut at Tim Horton's, and a ""dog and drink"" at Costco.  Hand them a $20 each time, get your change, and, trust me, you'll have some Canadian coin left over for the next time you're in the Maple Leaf Country if you're just feeding meters or buying sundries.  Some people need to know these things!

The first time and the second time I attempted to eat here at PCOV, they were aloof like some other reviews mentioned.  Old timers from across the pond lounged around on one side, watched TV, spoke Portuguese to each other, and sort of looked at unfamiliar faces like they did in Western movies when someone they didn't know rode into town.  The third time was a charm.  The door indicated they accepted MC and VISA.  The crowd watching soccer was mixed in its demographics, as were the patrons dining.  The staff motioned ""come on in"" in a welcoming manner.  

The experience was pretty damn authentically Portuguese in the atmosphere, in the service, and in the food.  First, I hesitated when the olives were placed on the table, and wondered if they were included.  I was assured they were.  In Portugal, all the preliminaries that land on your table are typically NOT free and, when the tab arrives, you'll get sticker shock.  (Fool me once ... that time being on my first trip to Portugal as an adult). Being hungry, those olives disappeared quickly.  They were good olives!

The meal then consisted of their seafood soup of the day, Portuguese bread, a bitoque (small sirloin with egg) and potatoes, and a nice cold bottle of passion fruit Sumol.  The seafood soup, only $1 more than the caldo verde, was the way to go and it included many types of fish.  The bitoque, ordered medium well, was spot on - not too big, not too small, and tasty, right along with the sliced fried potatoes garnishing it.   It was all the nicer washing it down with Sumol. 

I suppose the tab could climb.  If you stick to a basic non-fish entree, soup or salad, and a conventional drink, it should be doable.  For Americans, there is also the exchange rate to consider.  Also, when crossing the border and they ask you what you plan to do in Canada for such a short time, I doubt that ""going for Portuguese or Greek grub"" is something they hear very often.  On Vancity's Commercial Drive, it appears that PCOV is going to become a staple as was La Rocca for the longest time. 

The bottom line:  gosto muito do PCOV."
"Attention chicken lovers! One of my new favs!

This place is a must on a Sunday which is the only day they serve their $19.50 PCOV Portuguese Piri Piri chicken with potato crisps and salad. The chicken is flavourful and juicy and is great value as it's essentially half a chicken. Potato slices were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.

Olives, bread and packaged butter are complimentary. On their appetizers list, we had a delicious Deep Fried Cod Cake ($9), and $19 Clams steamed in white wine, with garlic and cilantro. If you love garlic, the leftover sauce is perfect for dipping your bread in. Both are recommended starters.

Highly recommend a Sunday visit, if you love Nando's or interested in trying flavourful Portuguese chicken with South African spices. Just a warning it may not be the quickest meal. The room was packed on the Sunday I was there and the friendly server was hard to contact for additional requests.

The restaurant is open to the public and not just for paid members."
"I lived in Portugal for 3 years and this is the closest thing here in Vancouver:
Slow service
Mediocre food (forget about getting your temp on the bitoque)
Mistakes in the order
Apathetic staff
FIFA on TV 
Outdated ambiance 
But I do admit I will return when I have saudades"
I'm not really the target market for Nando's Chicken since I am a vegetarian, but they do have veggie friendly options on the menu. I had a veggie burger from Nando's last time I was at the Metrotown food court. It was more expensive than if I'd gotten one at A&W or Burger King. I'm not sure it was worth the extra couple of bucks. But one thing that Nando's had that I found rather unique was some really good service. I might just go back and try a veggie wrap next time.
"The food is great and service is excellent .
Love the 4 legs deal.
I ate here more than a dozen times and its always good food."
I love Nando's and was excited to see one in the food court here.  Unfortunately, it was far from the best Nando's I've been to.  The food came out quick which was good, but the chicken was dry and overcooked. The Lemon & Herb sauce was my favorite of the bunch - not a ton of heat, but a lot of good flavor.  I went with peri-peri fries on the side - very crisp and tasty.  The peri-naise (even if it costs a bit) goes great with the fries.  Overall, for a food court establishment, I guess I shouldn't be too picky, but there is certainly room for improvement here.
"My friend and I had a chicken pita and a seasonal salad with grilled chicken.
As I am Guten Intolerant, it was a good place to eat from at the metrotown food court.
I got Lemon Herbs chicken which was pretty good, and a seasonal salad which was fresh with a nice dressing. My friend who got the pita, loved it .......
The price is average, knowing that chicken is expensive in Canada.

Ou sont mon petits poulets !!"
EASILY the best vegan burger from a chain restaurant, I can't believe it. As long as you ask for the burger without mayo it's vegan, and AMAZING, too. Can't be beat, and I love them for making it dairy-free. Nando's has won my heart, and word needs to get out to vegans about their delicious veggie burger.
"Nandos has always been one of my favourite restaurants to go to whenever I crave some grilled chicken. Last night me and my wife went to the closest location to our house. The floors were pretty slippery when we entered but no signs were put out stating  ""slippery floor"". 

At Nandos you have to go to the front of the restaurant to order, so I got:
Whole chicken
Garlic Bread
Side of spiced rice ( Good for 2 people)
and chicken liver.

I wanted to try the lemon and herb seasoning and it was decent. I have tried the hot and medium and in my opinion the medium flavour would be the best when you're eating their chicken. The servants were good at giving us the food. They never came to ask if we needed anything else so we kept using our bottomless drink to buy random flavoured water. 

Would definetly go again for some grilled chicken."
"@nandoscanada is so underrated, from it's garlic bread which is super crispy, crunchy and soaked in garlic butter to their juicy roasted chicken . For a fast food restaurant my only complaint is they make you tip before the meal, our server this time around was incredibly sweet and kind so thank you @nandoskingsway. The Classic for 2 was the perfect amount of food, a whole chicken and 2 sides of your choice is exactly what I like . For $32 before tax/tip we both left with happy tummies. Make sure to try their signature Nando's garlic sauce, we like our chicken medium heat so that we can enjoy the tenderness. Not all the chicken is as juicy as we'd like but for white meat, Ill  let it slide. Find you a mate who likes the dark meat so you can eat all the white meat . Whatever seasoning they have on their  fries, oof send me some to go please. 
Quality for Price: (3.5/5)
Taste: 
Experience:"
Food is good. But sometimes customer service sucks based on language barrier. I'm a jamaican in a spanish/cape verdean restaurant so what did I expect. Just looking for some fresh home cooked food.
"One of the best place to get some delicious CapeVerdean food. 
Always hot and fresh meals!"
A hidden gem of home cooked Cape Verdean comfort foods. I tried the cowbhoof and tripe soup roday but I will bring you updates as I believe this place needs to be explored oh I almost forgot I had a couple of crispy fried pork chunks with the skin and someeat really savory and a great value at 2 for a dollar.
I've had a pretty good experience with this restaurant which is in walking distance. I always go for take out. I've been pleased with the portion sizes and service. The staff has been nice and answers my questions as I'm fairly new to Cape Verdean food. I am pescatarian so I only order the fish dishes from grilled salmon, steamed red snapper to fried porgy, and they've all been good. The steamed snapper was perfectly prepared. I like that there's a restaurant in the neighborhood to get a good and proper meal.
"I've been coming for the past few years and always picked up small things such as tchixu (fried pork belly) pastel and rissois and other Cape Verdean delicacies. Recently I've started working in the area and craved for more than the usual so one day I enjoyed a full meal which included: fresh salmon, cuscus, and steamed veggies. All in all I am never disappointed coming in here and the name is suitable, ""Nos Casa"" (Our House) making everyone who comes in here feel welcomed like you're at a family or friends house. Oh and I can't forget the great coffee! Take my word for it and just visit, you will not be disappointed"
I can't believe more people do not know about Nos Casa, but once you eat there you will keep coming back. I've been going to Nos Casa for several years based on the quality of food and how affordable it is. The food is prepared fresh every day and the restaurant has a ton of dishes to choose from. I love the rice, Lima beans with beef stew, however all dishes have great flavor and taste.
Nos Casa is an amazing place to get some delicious, fresh Cape Verdean food. The cachupa with eggs is a breakfast I think about often and can't have enough of the tuna pastels! Very good prices with enormous portions that will last you a few meals. Check out this neighborhood gem! The people are also super kind and accommodating.
"We and three other couples were able to make reservations to one of Laura's celebrated themed dinners and wine pairings.  May 20.

We all had been there before and this night the food, wine selections and musical entrainment were over the top.  

Where in the city of Boston can you go for a complete three course supper, great wine and live music all for $40 per person.. (tax included)?  The fact they allow dancing made the night that much more entertaining 

All of us are looking toward our next outing..

Laura and Arlindo... As always thank you for such a beautiful night."
Searching for something new last night, ventured into Dorchester and was very impressed with Restaurant Laura.  The restaurant was very warm and inviting, the owner was very pleasant and helpful.  The food was very tasty and the portions were huge!  Would go back again!
"I stopped here for food thby accident this past Sunday (looking for the Caribbean place in the same block) and purchased some amazing food do the warmness of the owner. When I got back home, it was the best Cape Verdean food I've ever had. Everything was good and this is from a guy with Cape Verde food access everywhere. I will be back again and really happy I found this place ""accidentally""!"
My husband and I went to Restaurant Laura last night for the first time. We live in Dorchester and were looking to try something new. We were so pleasantly surprised by this place. The atmosphere was lively and welcoming. We walked in to a lot of families dining, with small children running around. I found this endearing, but was also glad when the children left. The decor inside is beautiful and feels very upscale. There was live music, which was wonderful, and the staff were very welcoming and accommodating. We were given water and some wonderful bread grilled with oil and herbs. Delicious! For appetizers we ordered the roasted quail and the fried yucca. We couldn't believe how wonderful the quail was! In fact, next time my husband said he will order that as his meal. The yucca was also very tasty, served with honey mustard. For our meals, I ordered the salmon fillet and my husband ordered a steak. My salmon was cooked to perfection. It was possibly the best salmon I've ever had in a restaurant. The rice was tasty and somewhat bland potatoes were a nice accompaniment to the savory salty fish. The steak was tasty, but a little too tough. It appeared to be pan fried, and wasn't the highlight of the meal. The service was excellent. The price was amazing. We had 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, a bottle and a half of wine, and a dessert for just around $60. We will definitely come back to Restaurant Laura.
I have not been to Restaurant Laura yet but I did have the opportunity to try some of their dishes at the Wine Festival this February. Their octopus dish is absolutely amazing and worth a drive/T ride into Dorchester. Furthermore, they were one of the few stalls at the Wine Festival to give out generous portions and had more than enough shares to keep them going till the very end of the event. I was extremely impressed.
Visited this restaurant for the first time today for Sunday brunch and was really impressed with the ambiance, the live entertainment and off course the delish Cape Verdean food!! The owner was super friendly and made sure all her guests were content with the quality of service. Will def go back the next time I'm in Boston.
Delicious food, great service, live music is fantastic. The music's a little loud, but because it's so good we didn't mind. :)
"okay I NOTICE SOMETHING any BUSINESS OWNED BY FOLKS IN THE AFRICAN RACE ARE CRITIQUE more harsh THAN european owned spots in boston and it is frustrating not just by racist european americans but by wanna be rich folks in the hood who would not know the difference between good food and burger king if you feed it to them with a blindfold 

let me say the food here taste good, the staff is friendly and if you complain about the price but go downtown and spend more for food that is not even that good please stay downtown

 i work in construction field and if you folks only saw how nasty those kitchens are most days you would rather eat out of a trash barrel...  heck the staff do not even eat at some of those spots what does that tell you lol

 i would put the food here against most chefs downtown any day of the week....  i travel and i can tell you this the best food has nothing to do with location or size of your building... it is talent, cooking skills and passion that is what you will find at lauras..."
"It was my friend's suggestion to go for Cape Verdean food, and I gleefully agreed, partially to hide my ignorance about where, exactly, Cape Verde is.  Turns out, it's a sprinkling of islands off the coast of Africa and that basically absorbed all cultures that touched it and produced some damn interesting food.

Restaurant Laura is a date-perfect nice setting, with a full band playing nights and kind of taking you by surprise off a pretty heavy-trafficked intersection.  The whole place smells of pepper and fish and very quickly puts you in the mood for lots of both.

For appetizers we got the chorizo, which was salty fatty excellent, grilled octopus, which wasn't quite crispy enough, but seasoned perfectly, conch, which you can go ahead and avoid entirely and quail, which kicked the crap out of Dali's version.

For the main we got a whole baked fish, which ended up as two fish because the service was frighteningly enthusiastic.  She, the eponymous Laura, made sure we were way overfed and got the best of everything.  Her whole demeanor made us feel welcome, even though the only customers in the place seemed to be her family.

We also got this insane seafood platter wherein they basically took every living creature in the ocean, drenched it in pepper and oil and flung it across a, no joke, silver platter.  Everything on that platter was incredible.  Half the time I didn't know what I was eating, but I was happy to be eating it.

The price, for all that, and a $30 bottle of wine, was ~$200.  Four people, eating, drinking and treated well for $50 a pop.  I don't really get the price complaints here, people pay $11 for a mushroom ball at Clover and call it magic.  Instead of ""where's the beef"" it should be ""where's Cape Verde"" and the answer is Dorchester."
We stumbled across this restaurant randomly after a visit to my fiancée's brothers apartment. I must say that this place is a hidden gem in Dorchester. The owners Laura and Arlindo are very warm and welcoming. Arlindo has a deep knowledge in wine and takes pleasure describing and making recommendations. The restaurant serves traditional Cape Verdean food and some Portuguese classics complete with espresso after the meal. The bonus was being able to practice Portuguese with Laura and feeling like you where family. We will be back soon! It would be a great date place because you can dress up and feel at home.
"When the call comes for a ""first review"" excursion to a part of town that's most notable for negative write ups in the Metro, it is indeed the Yelper's duty to pack an appetite and an open mind.

Laura's was thin on supping din save one small table of cantankerous conversation and a couple of waitresses.  Though the lighting could have been made moodier, the interior was a pleasant combination of white tablecloths and brick walls in an area of town more inclined to barred windows and fluorescent overheads.  Service was excellent, prompt, and patient.  To start, we tried the fried yucca and the quail appetizer of which the quail most portended interesting things to come.  Alas the quail was to be the highlight.  The main dishes that arrived seemed steamed of their flavors.  Sauteed Octopus was a bit rubbery and the accompanying rice and vegetables were bereft of flavor.  The cod across the table was equally lackluster and we declined to extend the experiment to dessert.

You could do worse in Upham Sq. via KFC.  I had hoped that our excursion deep into Dorch-Vegas territory might turn up something truly unusual and fun."
"A new cuisine? Cape Verdean? A new part of town? Upham's Corner? An unreviewed restaurant listing up for grabs??

My editor sure knows how to dangle the right carrot to make me go check a place out, so when she sends me the info for this place it's not long before I've grabbed a buddy and we find ourselves strolling gingerly past barred-up-window Dorchester blocks in the hope of something special.

Laura's Place is actually pretty special. It's the nearest thing to an upscale restaurant in this part of town. Sure, it has iron-bars on the windows but inside it's nicely decorated, with signed photos of famous people I've never heard of on the wall, a full bar and their wine on show. They even do wine nights and jazz nights - who needs the South End?

So onto the food... with most apps at $6 and most entrees at $11, it's pretty cheap. The slant is heavily towards seafood as you'd expect from the cuisine of an island nation in the Atlantic. It's somewhat Portuguese and somewhat Caribbean, but not as exotic as either.

Our apps of fried yucca and grilled quails were great - I couldn't get enough of either. The main courses were not great though. My stewed cod was basically just a boring piece of cod on crappy rice and the octopus entree was tough and rubbery.

I have a feeling we went too late in the evening and the staff had kind of given up for the night. Our waitress was quick to point out that Cape Verde's real specialty 'catchupa' was sadly missing right now from their menu. Maybe if I find another (better) Cape Verdean restaurant in this town then I'll dine well there.

So thanks editor Morgan!! For you I got some crappy cod and a nervous walk through Dot. But I can cheer myself up with the FTR and the knowledge that I happily ate a whole bunch of little birds."
The hubby and I decided it was insane to have been in Boston for a year and not have eaten Cape Verdean food, so we immediately searched for the best Cabo Verde food in Boston. Wow. Restaurant Laura made our Saturday.
This place is a very pleasant surprise. It is a family owned place that could be seen as an upgraded version of a good dinner place, but a lot more cozy and fun. I'm glad to live minutes away from it. My boyfriend and I were skeptical when we went there the first time, but I  have to say all our fears were gone the second we were sat at the table. The atmosphere is quite relaxing. Our waitress, Laura, was very nice and helpful. And yes, the restaurant was named after her. When we went, they had a band playing music that made us feel like we were on vacation somewhere warm and tropical. The food did not disappoint. Neither did the wine. As a tip, you should know that the owner of the restaurant also owns the liquor store next door.  Oh, and make sure you save space for desert! Sooooo worth it!
This place has such a big roomy dining area that you should stay to eat rather than to go. Prices are very reasonable. Chicken was juicy and the staff was friendly. I would probably come here more often as a regular. I forgot to ask if the pop can be refilled free of charge. If not, it will receive 1 star less, because the price for the pop is a bit on the high side.
"A better choice than the other chicken place IMHO. I find that the chicken isn't as dry and has better flavour. Still a bit expensive for chicken, but not too bad. Nice decor and comfortable.

Would recommend."
"Pretty decent chicken.

Came here with family today and we decided to split a Supremo Platter (26.99) with some extra sides. The whole chicken that we got was marinated beautifully with a sauce that was part tangy and part sweet. The skin and bits of the wings had nice grilled flavourings to them. The meat itself was quite moist, though I found the chicken to be a bit on the smaller side. Each Supremo Platter comes with your choice of a large side (for us, it was Large Peri Fries, and either Garlic Toast or Portugese Buns (we chose Garlic Toast).

The Peri fries were hot, crispy, and ever so lightly seasoned. They went well with the little plastic packets of Chipotle Mayo sauce provided as well as the ever delectable Tangy Lemon sauce at every table. Seriously...I could slather that sauce on anything, it's so tasty!

The Large Garden Salad (6.29) was fresh, crisp, and had a decent amount of seeds on it. The dressing was a very light Vinaigrette, and was a nice way to balance out all of the meat consumed.

The Garlic Toast had a nice crunchy and garlic flavouring on the top, while surprisingly, the bottom was still fluffy and airy, as if the buns had just been baked! Some of the best garlic toast I've ever had.

The Double Kebabs (8.29), while possessing strong lemony flavours and juiciness, were a bit on the small side for the price.

The service was terrific though! The staff member that helped us, Randall, was very friendly and accommodating. We were a bit indecisive  in what we wanted to order, yet he carefully explained and recommended items based on our preferences! He was also quite attentive in repeatedly coming back to ensure everything was to our satisfaction. Was very impressed!"
Started off as a great alternative to Nando's across the road but slowly deteriorated over time. Orders become slower and sides became smaller. The final straw was a half chicken that tasted very off. Put my guy off as well. Back to Nando's we go.
The chicken is great. Not cheap, but great. The staff is friendly. Very generous portions. The sides are not as good though. Mashed came cold and scoop shaped, coleslaw didn't taste like coleslaw, some different sauce and much thicker cut than expected, steamed veggies were good. If you stick with the chicken then 5 stars. If you go for sides then I would say 3 stars.
"Service is perfect! They are polite and smile a lot. They explain to us how work the menu. Not so pricey, we paid 34$ for 2 (tax include) 
Chicken is really tasty, love the peri fries and their rice. Will come back soon!"
"Great place, I found the chicken bigger and juicer than Nandos. 
Flavour is awesome, definitely a place to come back"
Seems exactly like Nando's Chicken. Nothing special going on here. Food is plain. Portions are normal. Chicken wings are the tiniest I have ever seen. Their grilled veggie sides is a oil drenched mess. Restaurant environment is spacious and clean. Not a big fan of them handing me glass cups to fill water for myself. I shouldn't have tipped when i paid up front. Seems kind of dumb now that I think about it.
Started out well, but has dwindled. So stingy with the fries now, and the last time I went in they were cold. The chicken is still better quality than nandos, juicy and large portioned comparably. Grilled veggies are over onioned. Overall, they are the same pricing as nandos now that they are stingy on the sides. Same same, just go to whichever one is on the side you're shopping on haha!
After a long dwindling series of let downs at nandos, I was so happy to see this place going up! Speedy food that isn't fried. The portion sizes were big, couldn't finish it all. I had the salad which was pretty good but as an olive hater, they should warn you! The chicken was very tender and juicy, much better than at nandos which has been drier and smaller of late. The fries weren't great, I'd say avoid, mine were warm and not crispy. They had been obviously re heated, they weren't horrible but not that good. It seems funny to pen a whole review comparing this place to nandos but they're asking for it, same decor and logo! Trust me though, this place is better. Hubs had the grilled veggies and they looked great with a nice ratio of onions to other veg. I'll be back for sure
Perfect customer service. Juicy chicken always and all side dishes portions are just right.never liked peri peri until I tried Barcelos in Market Crossing!
I love their juicy, tasty chicken with their sauce  The ambiance of the restaurant is so classy. For me, this restaurant is so perfect. I'm suggesting this to all my friends out there
"I saw this reviewed on the front page of Yelp on January 30th and book marked it for future reference. 

This place is actually close to my place and close the the Michael's craft store that I go to.

Because there isn't a Nando's close to me this place was the best closest thing.

I really really like the chicken. There was a lot of flavor and the chicken was nice and well prepared. 

They had a reasonable selection of sides. 

I would advise to bring some napkins. 

It's a good thing that I live close by 'cause the fregrance filled my car and teased my senses."
If you've had Nando's chicken, don't be surprised if you feeling like you're eating there. The chicken was great, and the atmosphere felt exactly like Nando's. If anything, the place looked cleaner. Great place for families as there are lots of places to sit. We chose this place because they also had a few deals on Mobile Bandit.
"Love this new restaurant in Market Crossing! Staff went above and beyond to make the dining experience great and the chicken was even better!!

Menu had a lot more options than I anticipated and they even serve wine and beer!!"
Came in for late lunch at 3 - ordered chicken souvlaki - In 8 minutes fresh chicken, salad and their rice. Very filling and a pleasant atmosphere.
"Only gotten takeouts. The staff is friendly and the wait not too long. The food is a bit blah and uninteresting - chicken caesar wrap was very saucy, and stir-fry bland. 

Customize your meal as you can pick the level of spiciness."
Chicken dish mentioned as Tuesday's special was yummy.  Really like the sauce. Order came early.
"I made a simple suggestion to make my food good in the comments area of skip the dishes and y'all sure did NAIL it!! 
My boy friend was trying it for the first time and he LOVED it!! Chicken was cooked to perfection 

P.s the reply to my not was super cute  thanks guys     we surely will be back!"
"Amazing food and staff. This place became my go to restaurant for good food. Over all the place is clean and organized.  The food is quick to get and very tasty. 

The atmosphere is friendly, it's like a mix of a pub (no bar but TVs ON showing games) with a nice restaurant touch. Family friendly."
I just have to say that Barcelo's is so much better than Nando's! Staff is friendly and accommodating - and the food is good and tasty, and the restaurant itself is clean. Will definitely come back!
Very friendly service and environment. Food is delicious and low price. It's almost same like McDonald's, but I can enjoy more healthy food and salad here than just fast food. Chicken liver is the best ! It's tasty and spicy!
"No more Nandos! I am impressed with this place. We did take-away and the staff (girls) are very friendly. Prices are not too expensive. The chicken and extras are really tasty. The only complaint I have is the chicken pieces are quite small, but I love the way it was prepared and the seasoning. The two sauces provided are yummy too. 

We'll definitely come here more often and can't wait for the horrible pseudo Greek fast food place next door disappears and something else comes in it's place. Variety is good."
Generous servings, great periperi sauce, delicious chicken. This is a great alternative to Nandos, pretty much the same business model.
You might not know this is a restaurant if you drive by the street side, but around back is a hidden gem!  This restaurant/bar is great for lunch and breakfast, and reasonably priced.  While the Holy Ghost preserves the cultural heritage of the local people of Azorean origin or descent, everyone is welcome here.  All meals come with an abundant basket of bread and butter.  Read the special board to the left of the bar for options; you will need to ask for translation if you don't know Portuguese.  The soups are delicious (I recommend Faldo Verde) and the steaks are delicious and cooked as ordered.  Fries are offered either American or Portuguese style.  I love the unhurried feel-you are not rushed.   It is okay to stay and drink galoa (a latte type coffee drink) or an after dinner liquor after your meal is done.  I almost hesitate to bring attention to this place but it is also too good to keep a secret!  And a shout out to the attentive servers, including Andrea and Christina.  Enjoy. . .
"You'd never guess this was also a restaurant just by looking at it, but it is & it's absolutely DELICIOUS.

Their authentic Portuguese dishes are so good, the portions are big & the prices are great; it is also family-friendly so bringing children here is not a problem at all.

As a Portuguese girl, I appreciate a good 'Camarao a Casa' dish (House Shrimp Plate) & a good 'Bife A Casa' (House Steak) & this place does a mix of the two & it's absolutely perfect. 
They also have a Grilled Octopus plate & the little piece I tried was amazing.

I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for good Portuguese food! The place itself is GORGEOUS; they rent it out for tons of different events. 

I will definitely be back."
"Cape Verdean food?! Tell me where and let's go now. This was essentially my response when my friend was telling me about this Dorchester spot. We ended up going on a Sunday evening and the restaurant wasn't too busy, though with a live band at front there was plenty of entertainment. The restaurants namesake was our waitress, and she was great, with friendly service and great suggestions on what to order.

We got the grilled octopus, chorizo sausage, quail in Hunter sauce, sauteed conch, oven baked whole fish, and the seafood platter for two. She also suggested a wonderful white wine to pair with our mostly seafood pickings. For four people, this was plenty of food, with Laura tossing in some Chicharons complimentary. Everything was delicious, with the standout being the seafood platter and the grilled octopus imo. The conch seemed overdone and rubbery though. For dessert, we had the flan at Laura's suggestion, and it was creamy, rummy, and delicious. I found the cost to be reasonable as well. 

Restaurant Laura and it's owner are great and it is a great way to check out a great local establishment."
Wonderful evening out - Very friendly, close to home, homestyle cooking, pleasant wine & desserts really worth exploring!  We'll be back, and bring friends.
Very clean restaurant, Very good food, great place to go eat with family or date. I did have misunderstanding with employees who didnt speak english very well.
"Diamond in the .... 
Went there last night two of us ate for $44.00 with wine and dessert. Inexpensive four star food in an elegant environment. There was a piano man and jazz singer with the most beautiful voice and poise. A delightful evening out with friends that we will not soon forget.

Now for the stuff that make keep some people from going there. The restaurant is located a couple of blocks from the I-93 Columbia Rd Exit and just around the corner if you drive down Mass Ave through Newmarket. Contrary to what must people think this neighborhood is no longer undesirable. Granted caution is always recommended anywhere you are but please do not let old reputation keep you from enjoying a wonderful new experience."
The French fry situation reported earlier has definitely been resolved. They were delicious. As was everything else. Super nice owner. Next time we will upsell ourselves on sandwich toppings to upgrade this review to a five star.
"I didn't expect this sweetness when I ordered chicken, but the @barceloscanada 's service was unbelievably sweet. 
Food Review: While the delivery did come lukewarm, the sauce, seasoning and cooking of the chicken  was spot on. I guarantee if I had eaten in, it would've been 10x better. Normally I am a sucker for some good fries, these fries were no exception; however, the best side was rice. It's cooked with a mixture of bloomed spices and peppers/jalapeños to pair with the sumptuous sauces of the chicken as to not overpower the whole meal. This is truly a hidden gem restaurant, for ~$30 we got 3 sides and a whole chicken, extra sauces and perfect service. I think @barceloscanada is our new go to Portuguese Chicken restaurant.


Quality for Price: 
Taste: 
Service: 
Thank you @barceloscanada for having us for lunch ."
"We came early, shortly after the doors opened. So we did not have to wait too long for our food.

Service was friendly and the staff came over to check on us several times. My friend commented that was the first time he encountered that, he likened it to a ""fast food place"" with service. 

Like Nando's, you order and pay for the food at the counter. Get your number and find a table. Food will be brought to you when ready.

I had the Peri #2 plate which came with 1/4 chicken, a kebab and 2 wings. I had the corn and rice as sides. It was so good. The chicken was juicy and tender. The rice was ok, but I jazzed it up with the tangy lemon sauce. The corn was sweet. I had my chicken mild peri, but I mixed the supa peri and tangy lemon sauces on the side and dipped the chicken in it. Yums. 

I will be back now that I know the food is good. I find it way better than Nando's now (at least the outlets in Metrotown food court and the one on Kingsway)."
"They're open again for dining!! .......BUT for a limited number of people to enforce physical distancing. Nevertheless, the food is still very much delicious.

The changes to the dining in experience are the limited space for dining in, there are no sauce/bottles at the tables (instead they serve in take out dip containers & ketchup packets) & I think I was told no self-serve drinks? But either way I ordered bottled drinks & drinking glasses.

There was a little bit of an altercation between my friend & the cashier/server, but they were able to talk it out & settle things on a good note. I really appreciate that the cashier/server was able to humbly accept the constructive criticism for her self-reflection & self improvement. She was able to serve & tend to us on good terms.

For the professional service & quality of food, I'm giving 4 stars."
"Another place located at Market Crossing...A lot of restaurants in here i am close to trying all of them...soon....
i love this gig Portuguese and South African cuisine combined and when you are inside its like you are in a Safari adventure, The interior is African inspired theme, i am loving it, so cool and so nice to have pictures.
I had the  peri plane #2 includes 1/4 chicken leg, 2 whole wings, 1 kebab with 2 sides, for the side dish i had peri fries and Portuguese salad.
Only medium spicy but it feels like i am chewing a red chili .
Excellent service and observes covid-19 precaution plus contact tracing...kudos to you guys...there was this poster that really made me smile a chicken that says please keep your distance...Loved it.
Excellent service crews are wearing masks and sanitizer is displayed by the entrance,
I believed this is a family restaurant specializing in a  hot grilled chicken dishes..great meals, sandwiches,  and dishes focusing on Portuguese cuisines.
I love spicy foods so i enjoyed my meal, huge serving, the only thing is my peri fries, its kinda bitter, well not so sure maybe the spices is reacting on the potatoes. a bit salty as well, otherwise all good.
big place maybe can house more than 50 clientele in one time.
Very peaceful inside the lighting is soft and relaxing and with those wall painted safaried inspired mmmmm feels good.
Good for family and kids friendly, free parking and wifi powered by the giants telephone company is free, slow but free.
Accept cash, credit and debit,
If i am not mistaken they serves alcohol beverages.
Not bad to enjoy a flame grilled chicken"
For authentic Portuguese dishes this is the place. Giant portions, reasonable prices with a family atmosphere. The Octopus was perfectly prepared. Simply great food.
"I just had a birthday party For my husband Richard with 34 people and several children present it was the best party ever the service was incredible the food was fantastic and served on time the appetizers were amazing I can't say enough about the Holy Ghost in Peabody it's great for lunch, dinner or a function 
The quantities are large and it's very affordable five stars all the way thank you so much for Jose Silva and to Miralia our server"
"Great food that is authentic!!! Closes you will find to Portugal. Love this place!!!

The daily specials are always good and you will not find plates like this anywhere else!"
"Great food that is authentic!!! Closes you will find to Portugal. Love this place!!!

The daily specials are always good and you will not find plates like this anywhere"
"WOW! amazing! How this place isn't packed daily is beyond me. The staff, the location, the amazing chicken and sides is the recipe for greatness here. Here's the break down.

The chicken: moist, juicy, flavorful without being overdone with spice

The sides and sauces: Lots of choices, good size potions and executed well, with different but very approachable flavors.

The service: Friendly, welcoming, and very helpful(considering it was my first visit)

The restaurant: Super clean, laid out well, with a modern and homey feel.

Definitely going back very soon!"
"I love Nandos! It's also perfect location across from Steve Nash for pre-fueling before a workout! Chicken is delicious and I don't think it takes them very long to make it. The servings are very generous and my boyfriend and I can eat a whole
lemon and herb chicken easily!"
"When hunger strikes at the Superstore, you immediately run out and go somewhere else for food.  Luckily for me, Nando's was just steps away (same plaza as Superstore on Lougheed).  I've had Nando's before at the Metrotown food court and wasn't impressed with how dry and bland it was but my laziness to go elsewhere limited my choices to more boring sushi or exotic, Portuguese peri peri chicken.  

I'm mighty glad I gave it another shot.  This location is super clean, all bright and shiny inside with flat screen TVs playing hockey.  Hurrah for other options besides pub food when hockey's on.  A variety of folks were happily chowing down inside, from three-kid families to couples to a bunch of UFC-looking guys sharing laughs over chicken breasts.  On a side note, there seems to be a lot of men in Coquitlam deriving inspiration from the UFC look.  Is the overly muscular (look! shoulder muscles!), tight short-sleeved shirt with matching buzz cut the trend these days?  I need to get BH on the wagon ASAP.  

The medium peri-peri half chicken I ordered was ""flame-grilled"" to perfection indeed, with the tanginess and spiciness done extremely well. Get it with the medium-spiced garlic sauce if you want to tone it down a bit or the hot sauce if you want to dial it up. Here's another tip: They do sell just the chicken (half or whole, not on the menu for some reason) but it's a better value to order half chicken with the sides.  It was about $10.95 for a half chicken only but it costs only about a dollar more for half chicken and a side.  I wish the cashier had told me that.  Also, an order of whole chicken is pretty expensive, about $17.50 when most groceries sell rotisserie chicken for less than $8.99 usually.  Of course, it's no peri-peri..."
"Over-enthusiastic staff spoils dining experience.

I love Nando's.  No other chicken restaurant beats their Peri-peri chicken.  But, I am weary of coming to this location because the staff are way too nauseatingly annoying.  You are met at the door by hyper-active greeters who have their charisma dial turned all the way to eleven.  Their insincere smiles threaten to crack their faces!  

The food was quickly prepared and brought to my table.  There, I was visited by a different staff member, every two minutes, checking to see if I was enjoying my food and if everything was alright.  Seriously, I was interrogated after each and every single bite!  The same robotic delivery, and the same line, with the same over-exaggerated smile.  

Food is great, but expect your privacy to be violated.  Go check out other locations."
Good sides, great chicken. Affordable and consistent. wish they have more liquor selection
Always a fan of Nando's. The Coquitlam one is pretty good. The service is good. They recently changed the sauces though and I wish they go back to what they had before. The chicken is always cooked properly and consistent. Favourite sides include cole slaw and the spiced rice!
Decent chicken, I've had it before in other locations before. It was dinner time and we ordered to go. Service was decent and the lady/cashier remembered my order and sauce. The only complaint was the dessert: the NY cheesecake was small, tasted like the fridge and probably expired because it tasted bitter near the end. Yuck!
on multiple occasions the chicken has been dry and not fresh. Standard is below other nandos locations.
I discovered that I can eat Peri Peri chicken everyday, even for breakfast. It's that good, especially with that damn garlic sauce.  I really need to find a recipe for this or I'm gonna go broke.
Good service and friendly staff. Nando chicken is always great foodwise. The location is small but comfortable
"I haven't been to my neighbourhood Nando's in awhile and looks like they renovated.  It's so much more open now and they have minimalist furniture.  I thought I saw some people on wooden stools where others were on proper chairs around the same table. (Not sure if they were going for the eclectic look??) 

We came in for dinner a few days ago and it was very busy so we decided to just do a take away. 

The girl who took my order was very friendly and efficient.  They have plenty of comfortable seating by the door for people waiting for their take-outs or tables.  I received mine in about 15 minutes and the lady who gave it to me asked me what sauce I wanted (garlic peri-peri.... Yum!) and proceeded to give me a lot of my preferred packets.  (Before, in this location and others, they wouldn't ask what sauces you wanted and drop in 2-4 random spicy packets.) 

My medium-spice chicken was a bit dry but spicy rice side was its usual goodness and, the garlic bread was a surprisingly spicy good!"
"So good I love this place you can eat out and feel
Healthy about it good service good food all around yum I recommend this for sure"
"The first thing that hit me when I walked in was the great attitude. The two employees at the front counter were actually happy! Such a great departure from the forced smiles you get in regular service interactions. 

I used an entertainment book coupon for a whole chicken dinner and it was absolutely amazing. The flavour was out of this world, the chicken was clearly fresh and high quality, and the Sides went perfectly with it to make a great meal. I've so often seen poorly matched pairs to create a 'meal' but this was genuinely good. 

Between the three of us we were able to finish the meal but only barely. You get a lot of food for your money so come hungry! 

I'm surprised I didn't have to wait in line to order. It was quiet in the restaurant even though it was evening time. Either this restaurant is relatively unknown or they mostly do takeout. However it means it's usually easy to find a table. 

Prices for sides and drinks are reasonable - they even sell beer! 

Although eating here does get expensive you get what you pay for. If you want fast food prices you will get fast food quality. If you're prepared to pay a little more for top notch food then check this place out."
I am a fan of the grilled chicken here. Better if there was more meat on since I like to eat!  Enjoyed the seasoned wedges and caffeine-free DIET vanilla root beer for my belly.
Do you really need me to write a review about Nando's? Always delicious! :)
"Usually my go-to place whenever i work out here at the Steve Nash in this same massive plaza w/ lots of free parking.

It's one of the bigger ones, about 50 seats and more, good corner location.  Find the the staff service is friendlier than Van, maybe b/c they're more relaxed in the burbs lol.

I usually go for the half chicken over the smaller quarter b/c a few bucks more, u get more.  Includes a side dish too, so after a workout, opt for the veggies over peri fries lol."
Hadn't been in years, ordered the whole chicken after going for the pita or sandwich and dear lord it was delicious!!!
"I'm going to start out this review by saying I don't normally review chain restaurants but Nando's has my favourite chicken so it had to be done.

This restaurant is located just off the Lougheed HWY in the same parking lot as The Brick. They have loads of FREE parking all throughout the strip mall.

Once inside you'll realize this Nando's doesn't look like the others. This particular location has been remodelled to have a more modern look to it. Also, just a heads up, if you've never been to a Nando's before you'll realize you have to order up at the front counter. Wether you're dining-in or taking-out you have to order up at the counter, so grab yourself a menu, give it a little gander, Nando's has plenty of options to suit everyones dining needs.

On this visit I ordered the Full Pack that comes with a whole chicken, normally I get the chicken cut up into 8 separate pieces so it's a little easier to share but I forgot to this time. The Full Pack also comes with 2 Nando's Size side-dishes, I chose the Spiced Rice and the PERi-PERi Vegetables. They also throw in 3 Portuguese buns OR garlic bread, but I always just end up choosing the garlic bread because its so good. Since I was dining-in this time I added a soft drink to my order because they have a touchscreen Coca-Cola Freestyle machine where you can customize your drink with tons of different flavours, very cool.

I can't find the words to describe the chicken at Nando's. It's literally the best chicken on planet earth. The PERi-PERi hot sauce is tangy spicy and compliments the flame grilled chicken so well. I love the PERi-PERi hot sauce so much that I buy my own bottles of it to take home with me for when I have Nando's leftovers. I started eating Nando's less than 2 years ago and I'm distraught that I didn't know about it sooner.

There are no words to describe my love for butterfly-cut, flame-grilled, PERi-PERi chicken. Once you try it I guarantee you won't be able to eat chicken from another restaurant again. 

I'd like to take this time to warn all the Nando's Newbies out there about the dangerous side effects of PERi-PERi chicken... It is highly addictive. Don't become a Nando's addict.

Usually at the end of my reviews I say something like ""I'll definitely return"" but I think that goes without saying this time."
This is the second chance that I have given this place. The first time I was disappointed because the quality of the food was terrible.  The second time around  (1 yr later ) there was definitely an improvement. The food was a lot better and the staff was alot better too. Will come back, but will be keeping a close eye..
"I really like how tasty they can make the chicken and the sides. It's spicy, yes, but not the same way indian, pakistani, or thai food are. 

Really tasty and good price."
Service here is a joke. Always sooooo slow but the pikalo club is one of the best sandwiches you'll ever eat but the service here is hit or miss. They seem to always take twice as long as they tell you to create an order.  In the end the food is worth it.
Very cute neighborhood Dominican joint! The empanadas were very fresh ( albeit a bit oily). They were also bigger than I thought they would be. I had the spinach& cheese and the pulled beef. The spinach and cheese was okay but the pulled beef was amazing! Can't wait to come back.
Complete empanada and Pikalo mix smoothie was amazingg
Great place to eat, love their food and would come back again, they also have good drinks as well.
My husband and I where driving are little ones to day care and we seen there catering truck driving and what had got my attention was they had empanadas  so that morning we decided we would give it a go for lunch and thank god we did!! Hands down one of the best places I been to for a good empanada also got there pollo sandwhich it came with pulled chicken fresh lettuce tomatoe (I skipped it tho) opened the box and wasn't expecting fries even the fries where so good (seasoned steak fries) The prices are great the portions are wonderful food has a lot of flavor and the juices are to die for definitely give this place a try if your in the JP area!!
"I know I've already reviewed Pikalo twice, but I must continue to because as of last night they officially have what must be the very best food in Boston. There is no end of incredible restaurants in this city, with food across the spectrum. It's hard to compare Ethiopian food to Tasty Burger to pizza. But the flavors at Pikalo are more satisfying than the flavors at I think any other establishment in the city (and Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville.) 

The Cuban Sandwich and apparently every empanada are so amazing. Every time I take a bite I can't believe anything can taste so good. I'm never sadder at the end of a meal than when I eat Pikalo; even when I'm stuffed I want to continue eating."
I hadn't had an authentic empanada in so long and the food at Pikalo made my heart and my belly so happy. I got the 5 cheese empanada and it was melty cheese perfection. The crust is flaky, just the way it's supposed to be. I also had a passion fruit juice and it was pretty good. My bf had a papaya smoothie which I tried and loved as well. Best of all, the prices are great! Will definitely go again!
New place with good empanadas. The Tamarindo drink was just as I remember as a child.
This has quickly replaced my East Boston spots for best empanadas. They offer your traditional fillings (cheese, chicken, beef) as well as some special creations (Hawaiian Pizza, Crabmeat, Eggplant). The empanadas are made fresh to order, so don't expect Taco Bell quick services. It's all worth the short wait. Along with the staple empanadas are sandwiches, smoothies, and other dulces/sweets.
"I just discovered this place on Yelp looking for something similar to what I call ""pastelitos"". I'm from Venezuela and the everyday breakfast that we have there are this little pastries deep fried with different fillings inside like cheddar, ground beef, shredded beef and chicken, and I just found out that Pikalo has all that and much more on its menu! The only difference is that they call it ""empanadas"" :). 

The place is small, a little cold, and if they have a bunch of phone orders, like it happened that time I went, you'll have to wait at least 15 minutes. But the trick is to call in advance, my guy and I did that after the first time and those empanadas where waiting for us to eat them like kings in a castle :D. 

The empanada are BIGGGG so it's better if you go with somebody else and cut it in half so you can try all the variety that they have (almost 30 kinds)."
Somewhere high in heaven, God looked down and saw man suffering the aftereffects of tequila mixed with hot sauce, and beer and took mercy on him and created Pikalo. Dominican takes on familiar sandwiches, the food has plenty of grease, salt, and fat to soak up the essence of Jack, Jim, and Johnny. But it's more than the heart clogging goodness, it's also the flavor that makes the food great. Spicy and savory, everything on the menu is a little bit different and worth trying. My personal favorite is the Pastrami Diablo, but I also love the empanadas. Perfectly fried and crispy, they won't let you down.
I have been here twice, and both times it's been great. Fantastic for take-out. Two empanadas is enough to fill you up. Under ten bucks, ready in a dash. I suggest the chicken and cheese, and the shrimp and cheese. Both very, very good. I love this little gem.
Only problem was cheese and chicken ratio in empanada, but overall this is a great addition to JP.
Quite tasty and vegetarian friendly. The dough has a nice flavor. Much bigger than I was expecting for the price so 2 might be all you need.
Their empanadas are twice as big as anywhere else in JP (and that I've ever had from a restaurant, period), and this is the only place where I've been able to get a mamey smoothie that tastes just like my mom's. The prices are fair and everything is delicious. So glad to finally have a Dominican place in JP (that takes credit card!).
This place is awesome!! Authentic dominican food, I drive for 40 min just to come to this place totally worth it! I get the patacones every time, deliciousness!!!
Very  delicious quick breakfast spot they have some really great smoothies  my favorite is the banana strawberry it's  very filling. I  enjoyed  the egg and cheese  tostada I only  wish it had a little more  egg  however, I  will  try  other things on the menu.
This is good place for a quick meal. Food is good, and service is great. Just one complaint, I want my fries with salt or with ketchup! Not the ketchup mayo mix.. please add small salt packages and regular ketchup to your takeout orders. I hate unsalted fries.
"Pikalo makes the days!!
provides the super customer oriented service and proposes a lot of options for breakfast, dinner and whatever you want.

really must-visit place!"
Another great addition to JP! This food is made to order, no food that has been sitting under dreaded heat lamps. the Prices!? What a deal. I ordered a chicken empanada and yes, it took some time to get it but when I did all was well. Served hot and absolutely delicious. This business also provided efficient and friendly customer service. I will definitely go back.
"Had to finish the job (see my other posted yelp review), so went back Monday to try many more items! We reheated them in our toaster oven and that made a world of difference, for the better.The 'Dominican cheese' melts well and has good flavor. We also found the reheating much faster when we cut them in half and then trimmed off the empty sides. For empanadas fillings our final Top Winner list is: Shrimp and Cheese; Spinach and Cheese;Chicken,Corn and Cheese
(do I see a pattern here?);and Ham&Cheese.And those Beef Quipe are really neat. The kibbe forms the outer shell and the beef mixture (or chicken) is the filling. They are a bit salty but not too.
The empanadas are big but if you don't want to eat empty deep fried pastry, you could cut off ~ 1/3 of each one. But the filling part is flavorful and not skimpy. They are ~$3-$5 @
The plantain sandwiches are juicy and filling.
And don't forget those addictive creamy 'natillas' custards.Each one is like a scoop of great ice cream-- hard to eat just one!

Jose, the owner, is married to Elsa, the beautiful counter woman(who grew up next door in the South End) and who keeps all the orders and payments running smoothly. Her also beautiful,older sister often runs the original Pikalo on Broadway in Lawrence, where I met her last year. What a nice family. They are so welcoming and organized that you just have a hunch that Pikalo will be quite successful in Boston."
SO GOOD. I had a classico dominicano which was perfectly pressed, with delicious meat, cheese and condiment proportions. We also ordered the passionfruit smoothie and the papaya smoothie and both were excellent. At these reasonable prices, you just can't find better tasting or better quality food.
I LOVE the food and the vibe here! I've had the Cuban sandwich and many flavors of empanadas. I've tried some of the fruit juices too and my favs are actually not your typical American fruits. This food is fresh with great ingredients. They play great music and the space otherwise has a great feel too. I'm a fan of grabbing an extra empanada to bring to work for lunch.
Do you know how food can bring you back to your childhood? This is one of those spots great for a quick bite. The menu has traditional empanadas like beef and cheese or chicken. If you are looking for a filling that is more Americanized you can opt for buffalo chicken. Prices are decent and service is pretty quick. Definitely worth checking out if you love empanadas or you are curious.
Delicious empanadas and their Cuban is also very tasty. A nice option right next to Behan's.
"When I don't feel like cooking, I stop here and grab some chicken and cheese empanadas. 

This time around, I got a Cuban sandwich and a papaya smoothie. The papaya smoothie was flavored.  The Cuban sandwich was just so amazing! It was so fulfilling that I couldn't finish the other half. 

If you're in JP, you should definitely stop by here and check this place  out!"
Affordable and delicious. Great variety of empanadas, sandwiches, and desserts! I love that this spot is in my neighborhood.
Amazing place to get very good empanadas and sandwiches, I recommend this restaurant it is a must try.
"The family were looking for some take out on a lazy summer night and found Pikalo in the space that used to house the amazing La Papusa Guanaca (RIP) many years ago. So they had some big delicious shoes to fill and we were not disappointed. We got the chicken Chimi with fries and a few empanadas for sampling. Everything was flavorful and delicious. 

The place is tiny but the decor was nice and well put together

The staff was very nice and answered all ths million questions i have the first time i go to a resturaunt."
Cheap and delicious!  Chicken corn and cheese was super good.  I didn't care for the lobster... very little lobster (mostly peppers and other filling), tasted like fishy spices rather than lobster.  But the flaky pastry shell is fantastic, and I'm sure you can't go wrong with most of the many choices.  Smoothies were good and only $4!  One of the best meals for the money in the Boston area.
The empanadas are made to order and I promise the wait is worth it. They have a variety of empanadas you can choose from and if you want you can even make your own. Will be visiting again when I'm in Boston.
In town for a convention and saving money through AirBnB in Jamaica Plain, a friend and I checked out this place and were not disappointed. Large, piping hot, flaky empanadas made to order- yum. The shredded beef with cheese added: win. Spinach and cheese: another win. Crab in an empanada: an adventure best left untried.
Super tasty variety of empanadas! Service is quick and staff are friendly! Highly recommend giving here a try.
Have you ever taken a bite of food and smiled from ear-to-ear because it was so damn delicious? Yeah, that happened when I bit into my Cuban Sandwich from Pikalo. It was absolutely scrumptious, and that's coming from someone that lived in Florida for 25 years. The empanadas were gigantic! Three were ordered by a friend and he was only able to finish half of each! I ate the other halves, and they were goooooood! Great fillings and super flaky and crispy. Delicious!
The absolute best! Reasonably priced phenomenal food, especially the empanadas (obviously what they're known for). The wait can be long during peak times but you can always call your order in ahead of time- that's what most people do especially during lunch. Try the Pikalo mix smoothie if you want something new and different!
"Best Buffalo chicken in the Boston area

I've reviewed Pikalo before, but previously I spoke mainly about their Cuban sandwich (the best in Boston) and their empanadas generally. Now I need to inform everybody that the best buffalo chicken in Boston is at Pikalo. It didn't think that would be the case when I tried a Buffalo chicken empanada; I thought it might be fun to get something other than corn for a change. I was blown away. The chicken they use and the sauce they make are sensational. As always, the empanada dough is to die for; they make it fresh each day and it's absolutely incredible. The buffalo chicken inside this empanada creates one of the single tastiest items in the city. 

Of note also is the pizza empanada; it too is incredible because its pizza sauce is better than that of most places in Boston."
Excellent empanadas, I don't usually eat fried food at all but it was cold and snowing today in Boston so I went for it. Really really good, I tried the spinach+cheese and the chicken+cheese, the chicken one was the best, they are also huge. Their alfajores (short bread cookies filled with dulce de leche) are also unbelievable. I think they are Peruvian alfajores. Sometimes I go just for the alfajores but now I know their empanadas are amazing. The design and decor inside is also very cool and appealing.
This place is unbelievable. The empanadas are absolutely incredible. They make the dough fresh every day which is evident when you take the first bite. They also seem to use very fresh, very good ingredients because the flavor is so good. One empanada is a great snack and two are a great lunch. The Cuban sandwich is also absolutely amazing, and it comes with great fries for a price most places in Boston charge for the sandwich by itself.
Empanadas of all kinds!! Got the big papi and it just had EVERYTHING you could want. It all mooshed around together, so it's not like you could taste everything, but it's all there. Fun little place. Lots of takeout orders!
Best empanadas I've had in Boston away from my abuelita's house. Extensive menu, friendly staff, and great prices. I will definitely be coming back.
I went on Friday afternoon; from the moment I walked in to the moment I started to eat it was probably 15 minutes and we were even able to seat on one of the tables. I ordered a pork Chimi, and 3 empanadas: Cod, Chix-cheese-corn, shredded beef. They were all delicious and big! two ppl can eat with one chimi and one empanada could be a meal on its own. The service was very good also.
Quick and good. Tons of filling options. My girlfriend and I always order two empanadas a piece, and it's more than enough food. Honestly, one empanada is enough, but it's usually too hard to choose just one type of filling. Haven't tried anything else other than empanadas, but I would assume their other foods are just as good.
This is my first time trying empanadas and they were great! A colleague recommended the place and we really enjoyed our empanadas. It takes some time to get your food but it is worth the wait. This is a small restaurant but it's very busy and you can order ahead and pick up your food. Another little gem in JP and I will definitely be going back!
Hungry after a day of exploring the arboretum? This place is gona hit the spot. My friend and I each ate ordered (but couldn't finish) two empanadas. We got 4 different kinds and they were each amazing. Get one of their juices to hold you over while your empanadas are made to order and it'll be the best decision you've made in a while.
I love this place . Their empanadas are awesome . Ask them to make it fresh . I love their Cuban sandwich and their papaya juice
So, so good!   My notoriously picky kids loved the beef and pizza empanadas and the smoothies.  And, every
"Had a craving for empanadas, so I decided to stop by. Ordered an empanada with corn, chicken and cheese as well as a roasted pork patacon (sandwich with crispy plantain slices instead of bread).  The empanada hit the spot, was soft and filling. This was my first time ordering a patacon, so I was excited. It was tasty. It had a nice balance of ingredients. I just wish the pork had more depth in flavor. 
Both came up to $12, which was enough because I was full after devouring both! 
Service was friendly and efficient. 
I will definitely be back!"
Tasty empanadas in a cute space. The empanadas are so big - one is plenty and two is gluttony.
"Proper Empanadas!  Have tried four of them so far:  Veggie, Chix/Corn/Cheese, Beef, Seafood Medley.  I think the seafood was my favorite.  I will definitely be back to get ceviche!  

p.s. Dem juices es muy bueno tambien."
"I've only tried the empanadas here in terms of food but they are so good and worth coming all the way to JP from downtown (okay, it's not that far but I don't venture very far outside Boston) They make about 50 of every flavor daily and then fry them to order. The batter is crunchy and I loved eating it with the orange-y sauce at the table. I've tried maybe half a dozen varieties and I must say that the seafood filled ones are better than the meat ones, but if you do get one with non-seafood, choose ones with cheese. Also, more ingredients does not necessarily mean better. I tried the Big Papi empanada and while it was still good, it was probably my least favorite. I'm torn between the conch and the lobster as my favorite. My dining companion also liked the bacalao (codfish). Two will probably be enough for a regular appetite. 

Try the smoothies. They are good."
Went to Pikalo today for the 1st time @the request of a friend, I must say that I was pleasantly surprised, although I did not know what to expect, the place was very clean and the service was good, the empanadas were GREAT! I had the Shrimp & Cheese and the Lobster, both were very good. Just give yourself 10-12 minutes for them to make them. Thumbs up!
"I love empanadas and was excited that the former Papusa place  (may it rest in peace) was now an empanada place. I love the menu and selection...so many options! And the prices are very reasonable. But when I bit into my first empanada it was all crust and air. The filling was there, but either there wasn't enough to fill up the giant empanada, or the empanada was just too big for the filling. If they made the empanadas smaller, there'd be filling in each bite and you'd still get a good amount of food for the price. 

Also, mine were a little greasy and over fried. But all in all it's a great option to have in JP (especially so close to the Brendan Behan pub)."
JP is Boston's Williamsburg, NYC : young, hip and booming with potential. Pikalo is but one example of many amazing food venues in the area. The Dominican flavor is not amiss in any of the menu options and I've never tried anything I didn't love. The staff is also so kind and they treat every customer like a regular. 5 stars for amazing food and amazing vibe!!
The empanadas at Pikalo as absolutely delicious. The empanadas are super flaky, tasty and Pikalo has an array of options for it's fillings. There are plenty of vegetarian options as well, which is a great bonus. The corn and cheese empanadas and the breakfast empanadas are so yummy. Definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants an inexpensive meal or pick-me-up. The empanadas are also pretty large so you only really need 1-2 to fill you up! WARNING: Be careful when you're biting in, some of the delicious fillings might spill on your shirt if you're not paying attention. Enjoy!
Stopped in for lunch to try a sandwich. I ordered the chimi plate it came with a small yet satisfying amount of steak fries. I also ordered a parch (passion fruit) juice which was delicious, and a beef empanada. I would come back.
This is a great place for food to go. They offer a wide variety of empanandas (20+ options), grilled sandwiches, fresh fruit smoothies, and appetizers. Location is in the heart of Hyde Square in Jamaica Plain in a very small/cozy corner spot. Place is very very clean. Food may take a lil longer than expected I was told before going my 1st time. I wondered why until arrived and that's because all the appetizers are cooked fresh and are not just sitting under a heat lamp like the rest of the businesses that sell these types of foods. I noticed all the sandwiches and meats are also cooked there once you order. With that being said AVERAGE wait is usually 7-15minutes. Everything I have had there in 4 visits has tasted great and served in bigger portions than normal with the exception of their natural juices. Ok I'm bout to go in for my 5th visit in 1 minute....
"Good lunch spot:
Get one of their empanadas. They are big with multiple veggie and meat options. 

They also have:
Patacons and Sandwiches (they look tasty but no veg options), Smoothies, and some Latin desserts.
The Caesar salad is really mediocre but large and a good deal. 

Smallish place but with cool decor. Repurposed metal tables, cork stools. They definitely care about presentation."
This place is awesome. Big empanadas with tons of flavor, and staff are super nice. We're going to think about them for catering in the future. Things are really reasonably priced as well. Will definitely be back a lot.
I stopped in for a Sunday lunch with my 13 year old daughter. We had the Beef and Cheese empanada, and Cuban pork sandwich. Both were delicious!  The decor is bright and simple. The Spanish music was awesome!  This is a go-to place in JP.
I've had this place bookmarked for a while but finally visited with a friend for a quick lunch this weekend. We both ordered an empanada each to start things off; I got a beef empanada and she got a chicken and cheese one. OH MY GOD, it tasted absolutely divine. Warm, fresh, and the outer shell was so soft and flaky! My friend ordered another one to go with her strawberry banana smoothie while I was content with my passion fruit juice. We were there for about 2 hours in this small but incredibly cozy establishment and I counted at least 25 people who came in and out with their share of empanadas. There are only 2 small round tables and a few window seats so expect this to be a pick-up-and-go spot you don't want to miss out on!
Me and my Dominican boyf went today and we loved it. The empanadas were delicious, the place was clean and quaint, and the service was fast and friendly. I definitely recommend this place!
I had a papaya smoothie. Chicken empanada and the flan ...all I can say is yum! Yum! And yummmm!! The ppl were friendly and quick for the amount of ppl waiting.since everything is made to order and fresh be prepared to wait a little...but absolutely worth it!
"I've been to Pikalo 3 times. Two of them have been for take out. This restaurants has now became one of my favorites grab and go. The sandwiches are delicious and the smoothies/juices taste like my grandmothers. My ultimate favorite juice is oatmeal with orange juice. This juice might sound weird but it's a traditional drink in Dominican Republic and awesome for breakfast (only try if you like oatmeal). 
The restaurant is clean and cozy with a great atmosphere. I have had a great experience with the staff and presentation of the food. Best grab and go food presentation in Jamaica Plain!  
Pikalo open its doors less than 5 months ago and I can say it's here to stay. 
***Must try if you are in town"
Tasty empanadas in a cozy cafe with two tables and stools. I had the chicken, and ropa vieja; hot, greasy and tasty. My only complaint is that service was surprisingly slow. It took 15 minutes to get my order and there were only two other customers around.
Fantastic empanadas.  Will come again and again.  Rest of the menu just ok (both salad and deserts where just average).  Stick with the empanadas and you won't be disappointed
I don't write reviews but for this place I have to. Just an incredible place, super awesome food. Try the big papi empanada! Entire meal in one empanada! Just WOW!
"Artisanal empanadas if that's even a thing. This place is that good and the staff that took my order friendly and gave suggestions. I enjoyed the chicken, cheese and corn and a shredded beef. The  CCC was phenomenal with a great pastry crust, as for the shredded beef (Ropa Vieja) the meat wasn't as tender as it should be but the seasoning was right. They have desserts from a bakery maybe theirs in Lawrence and sodas from DR or PR. 
The food is fresh and made to order so expect to wait like 15 minutos! Will definitely return"
Amazing! Everything here is delicious and fairly priced for the amount of food and quality you're receiving. I give this place two thumbs up!!
"This place is amazing: great-tasting food for shockingly little money.  The empanadas are pretty big; one is fine unless you're crazy-starving.  The specials are great, but so are the basics.  I love the ham and cheese (and at 2.25, an unbeatable price for a tasty meal) and the salami and cheese.  I've been too intimidated to try the Big Papi, described as having ""all the ingredients.""
It would be hard to spend less if you made dinner at home, making this the absolutely perfect take-out option.   My only complaint is that we don't live closer!  If this was on my block I might stop cooking altogether..."
"This place was really good. I love that Boston has good Dominican food! Empanadas were both very good - tried the ropa vieja and the chicken and cheese. Also had the hamburger with fries- I liked their take on it - very tasty with a lot of sauce/toppings. 
Just a little hole in the wall with room for a few seats- but a destination place if you like empanadas."
"We arrived before the lunch rush. the waitress was nice and tried to suggest good vegetarian options. And so we ordered the vegetable and cheese empanada, spinach egg white and cheese empanada, side of fries, and pinneapple mango smoothie. It took about 25 mins for our order to be ready. I guess most customers know they're a little slow so they order their empanadas online. 
We were excited to try our meals since we don't eat empanadas that often. We first tried the spinach, egg and cheese one. To be honest, we felt it could've been spiced better. The second empanada with vegetable and cheese was better since it had spice and flavor to it but still just ok. The fries were those boring frozen fries that were sprinkled with some salt and spice. We think the best part of the meal was the smoothie. You can actually taste both the pinneapple and mango in the drink.
To be honest, we probably won't be back again but we're glad we at least tried the place....so we are still in the hunt for good vegetarian empanadas."
Awesome empanadas. Fast service. Friendly staff. We tried some of the dessert options and didn't love them but the empanadas were so good the place still gets five stars. Great spot.
"Pikalo in JP: Dominicans Turn Out a Zillion Kinds of Empanadas, Quippes, Plantain Sandwiches etc.

Thx to Chowhound and EaterBoston, today we took out a large sampling of menu items from the brand new Pikalo at 378 Centre St., JP. (Last year, on the way out of Lawrence where we had done a CH crawl, we passed the original [still there] Pikalo.

In their new JP spot , owner Jose was expediting the kitchen crew, and his lovely wife was keeping all the orders organized. Very friendly and welcoming atmosphere and this corner joint was JUMPIN'!
No heated cases, no heat lamps; everything is made/cooked to order, so it can take awhile for larger orders like mine. But small orders were ready quickly. Maybe 15-20 seats including cafe tables and window counters. Sunny, bright, colorful. Closes 9pm daily except 5pm Sundays.

No website that i could find, but in-house signing is excellent- clean bold text on wall chalkboards. Well designed laminated menu cards to take with you or peruse while you're waiting.

Smoothie and Juices menu is long; we had tasty Stwberry Banana Smoothie and Passion Fruit Smoothie, but AFAIK, there was no yoghurt present. Maybe iced cream or whipped cream made for the thick foaminess clinging to the glass sides. IIRC, the Lawrence store serves a number of unusual 'grains in tropical juices' for onthego breakfast items, but i don't know if they are offering them here.

Empanadas are deep fried 6-7"" crescents and have good amounts of filling. Our fav types were :
Shredded Beef (Ropas de Viejas); Chicken, Cheese and Corn; and Salt Cod. Herbs and Spices are really not present other than S&P and maybe ""Saison"". The only spiciness that we had was from cayenne in the cubed Buffalo Chicken filling. There are many many empanada varieties, (incl. Vegtrn.) Spinach and cheese; Four cheese; eggplant parm; veggie; shrimp; conch; crab; etcetcetc.

It took me awhile, but I finally figured out that their Quippe...is....Kibbeh. The large football shaped Beef Quippe was delicious ( and eating bulghur felt much more virtuous than deep fried dough!) The older man next to me really enjoyed his Plantain (instead of bread) beef sandwich.
Made a note to myself to get one of those next visit.

Dessert-- if you love rich and creamy, make sure you get some Natillas, $2 (!) cups of rich eggy custard with a plum topping. Looking like a tall cup of chocolate milk, Bean Pudding is another of their unusual sweets. It has the consistency of a smoothie and has chunks of some starchy vegetable and raisins. Cold and refreshing. Coconut flan has a deep caramel/dulce de leche flavor and is very dense and creamy. On the counter they have boxes of little sweet empanadas filled with fruit.
So much fun to explore a new cuisine!"
Empanadas are huge and uber fresh because they're made to order. Definitely worth the wait and easy on the pockets. Only two or three tables to sit at, good for take out.
My favorite place to get empanadas! Everything is served fresh and hot, so be prepared for a bit of a wait. While they do have some non-traditional flavors, you can't go wrong with a classic beef or cheese empanada. (The non-traditional flavors are just okay, at best.)
"First time stopping into Pikalo was definitely a great experience for me and a friend. Constantly on the hunt for that elusive balance between a satisfying, nourishing meal and not breaking the budget. Pikalo definitely meets both of these tests. From what I've had in the past at ""authentic"" Dominican places and a short stay actually in the Dominican, I would definitely attest to Pikalo's food being the real deal. I've never been at an empanada place with so many options to choose from. I think they had like 20 to choose from and that's not even counting a great selection of sandwiches, ceviche and sides. Being my first time, I boldly ordered three different empanadas (lobster, chicken and crab). These are huge especially for what you pay so two is definitely enough to fill a grown person for a decent while. The crust retained a great balance between warm, buttery goodness and perfect flaky texture. The fillings were flavorful, piping hot and plentiful. What more can I say?
I seldom rate a place with five stars on the first try but I can't say one bad thing about my experience. Next time I'll have to try some of the other choices, especially the plantains."
Pikalo has become the newest summertime lunch hot spot in my Roxbury office.  Everyone raves about their crispy, flavor filled empanadas, smoothies and sandwiches.  It's not a fancy dine in spot with only two tables along with counter seating for about 6 or 7 patrons.  Pikalo is on the corner of Centre and some small street in JP right across from the Miami Restaurant (another spot me and my lunchtime colleagues are looking to try).  Parking sucks per the usual in the city.  But Pikalo makes it all better when you bite into one of those flaky treats.  The price is right as well since they aren't trying to sell overrated boutique food.  You can see the aunty in the kitchen making the empanadas.  Love you Pikalo!  See you Friday!
"The empanada dough is amazing!!!! Not your typical ""pastelito"" as we Dominicans call it. I've had the cheese, ham & cheese, beef and chicken all were good. Make sure to add the pink sauce to give it the right kick. These are a little on the expensive side but a good splurge for a craving."
I purchase 3 empanadas/pastelitos.  The presentation, taste, and flavors were exquisite and addicting.  I want to go back tomorrow and get some more for my family.  The service, ambiance, and cleanliness were good.  This place is worth your time and money, hope you try it.
Really delicious empanadas! I had the corn and cheese and it was super tasty. The dough is not your typical empanada dough and the filling was plentiful. Wait was a little long but worth it.
Yum! Tons of different fillings for the empanadas, including a good variety of vegetarian options, and cheap prices. They're made to order, so if you're getting a few, you may want to call ahead so you don't have to wait around for 15 min. I've only tried the empanadas, but plan to go back and try the patacon and other options.
Incredible!  I've been there twice so far.  First time I had an empanada and the second time a pressed sandwich.   Both were perfect and delicious.  The staff is super friendly.  Great addition to Hyde Square.  By far the best empanada menu I've ever seen.  They probably have about 25 different types (including lobster!).
"Pikalo is a fairly recent addition to the neighborhood, from what I can see, and it is awesome! 

It's a quaint little hole in the wall restaurant that you may not necessarily notice, but it's worth stopping in. Their specialty are empanadas of all kinds, from traditional ones (ham & cheese, beef, chicken, veggie), to seafood, salami, and you can even add your own combination of foods. 

The restaurant is small, with two little tables, and a small set of window side seats, but it was very clean and organized. 

Staff here were very friendly and more than happy to help us with our orders. 

Mouthwatering empanadas worth every dollar. If you are a fan of Dominican style empanadas, do yourself a favor, and make a trip to Pikalo!"
"I love this place and frequent it more than I probably should :)
I personally love the buff chix or chicken/cheese empanadas, but they're all good"
Amazing! The dough of the empanada is amazing. Thick, crusty, flavorful. We got the chicken and cheese and the chicken cheese and corn. Super recommended! Will be back
Love this place! Service was great and the lady taking my order was wicked funny!!! I go here at least once a week!
Hands great comfort food. Best empanadas in Boston. The lobster and conch empanadas are my favorite
"Empanadas galore! I've never seen such a large selection in one place, ranging from chicken to even Hawaiian pizza. The smell is also just plain intoxicating. My boyfriend had been here a few times before taking me so he decided that we were getting the shrimp and cheese (I'm a sucker for this combination to be honest).

The pastry is so buttery and perfectly cooked, and so were the shrimp inside. No rubbery chewiness at all. They also have a sauce that tastes like Thousand Island dressing that goes well with the buttery package. One of my only complaints is that the pastry is rather puffed up so there's a lot of air inside compared to filling. This just makes it so the filling falls toward one end of the pastry while you're eating (at least for the one we had). Still delicious nonetheless! 

All in all, a great place to get your empanada fixing. One was enough for me but I imagine you could get a pretty filling meal, especially as many  of them are cheaper than the $5+ shrimp one. Just to note, the shop is pretty small with limited seating but empanadas are easy to walk with!"
"This place is decent.  I've had better and I've had worse.  We liked Salami and cheese, Cheese Pizza and Beef (the beef needed a little more spice or something IMO).  I'd go back, but I wouldn't go way out of my way.  We made a pilgrimage because of the high reviews...but this is more of a 4 start for us rather than 4.5/5.   The customer service was great from the lady dressed as ""Alice"" on Halloween."
If you're looking for a fast lunch under $5, look no further than Pikalo! I stopped in for lunch and was amazed at the menu options- there's something for everyone. I ended up going with the chicken and cheese empanada. It was ready in under 2 minutes and I was out the door. It looked like there were a couple small tables if you wanted to stay, but this is definitely a take out kind of place. The empanada was super hot and delicious, and also huge. I would love to go back with a friend and split a couple of them to try more of the menu.
Yummmmmmmmmmm. Great empanadas for a good price. Will return. I had the buffalo chicken empanada and it was perfect. Dough is a little sweet with a spicy inside. Made to order so I called ahead and they were ready when I got there.
"Great menu just visit for the first time a few weeks ago and I had been a regular ever since.  I ordered a natural juice and a few empanadas (veggie pizza empanadas, a spinach cheese and shrimp empanadas) the best of all was that the price was fair for the amount of goods I received. Did I mention that everything is made from scratch same-day right when you order!!! Wow 

They have a good amount of vegetarian items you could choose from. Highly recommend it!!!!"
Don't shy away from this small spot, the empanadas are so good and big! We tried the codfish and a chicken, corn & cheese and they were excellent! The sandwiches were a good size and delicious! Loved it!
I have my money's worth once again! I order two Cuban Sandwiches for my mother and I. It was delicious fresh and make you want to order next visit, that I feel like I'm in sandwich heaven. The interior itself, the orange wall always brighten the atmosphere making feel other customers home or welcome to the . The staff and cook are friendly and welcome. I found myself a perfect spot, I love to go back there again!
"Awesome new empanada place in JP! They have quite a few vegetarian options, and of course, lots of meat and chicken versions! They were freshly made and the dough is excellent - very crispy and hot. We shared three empanadas between the two of us and it was more than enough food. 

They also have incredible dulce de leche cookies and flan. I haven't tried their fresh juices or sandwiches yet, but I'll definitely be back. 

They also have breakfast options which we haven't tried yet. 

They have a few small tables if you want to eat there, or they'll pack your stuff to go. 

The staff is SUPER friendly and they'll explain any of their menu items if you have questions. We arrived right as they were closing and they still cooked us up a hot dinner. A welcome addition to our neighborhood!"
Fantastic and very authentic food! Service was amazing and super fast. Plus the interior is super cute!
"Looking for fresh empanadas in the center of Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts? I got your place!!! I cannot believe I didn't know about this place until today. The food is delicious. 

I got the shrimp and the shredded beef empanadas and they were perfect. I also got the cheese bollito which is a must when you go to this restaurant. It is made out of yuca root and it is filled with cheese. It tastes just like it's done in Dominican republic, so fresh. 

To finish it off we had the mixed smoothie which has a combination of fruits and was also delicious. Oh let me not forget I also got the tres leches dessert. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for somewhere to have lunch or even a snack. I will definitely be coming back here for sure. Not only for the delicious food but also for the service. The staff is very friendly and made us feel at home."
"Pikalo is a small hidden jewel in JP. I had a chicken and cheese, beef, cheese and corn and lobster empanada (no not all in the same but I was obsessed for about a month. Each was huge in size, low priced and absolutely delicious. I tried the guavabanana and mango shake and they were both was delicious. And omg you have to try the Leche cake. It's sitting in sweet milk and is to die for.

This place is my guilty pleasure and I am picky af so getting a 5 star from me is a big deal. You have to try this place out."
I thought I liked empanadas until my boyfriend said that he has never had a good empanada which made me re-evaluate my past experiences. Giving it another shot, I decided to try Pikalo since it is a shop that sells mainly empanadas. Pikalo has the largest selection of empanadas that I have ever seen. It took me a while but I decided on the Big Papi (all the ingredients @$7). Not sure what exactly is in it but it looks like chicken, shrimp, corn, and crab (?) and it was the size of my face. While it was one of the better empanadas I have had, the combination of the filling was not the best. Specifically, I didn't like the overpowering taste of seafood. However, the filling wasn't as dry as it usually is when you get a plain meat patty. Also, they make their empanadas fresh to order so it takes around 15 minutes to get your food unless you call ahead. While, I still agree with my boyfriend that empanadas aren't the greatest food in the world, but if I had to get one, this is the place to go to.
These empanadas are delicious!  I had the chicken, corn + cheese and it didn't disappoint!  They are BIG!  They took a while to make, but it was worth it.  Very good.  Very friendly and helpful cashier.  Place is small, but fun.  Took me too long to make it in here!
Yummy empanadas!! Would recommend their crab meat , or spicy chicken empanadas. A great part about when I used to live in JP- miss going here!
Really enjoyed the beef empanada and the chicken, corn, and cheese empanada. There was about a 15 minute wait for take out since they're cooked fresh. Really delicious, affordable meal. I would reorder both, but I'll also be back to try more from the menu!
GREAT BIGG EMPANADAS‼ So filling and seasoned well. The staff are so friendly and helpful. Will definitely be back!
Pikalo sets the bar high for empanadas. I ordered the Big Papi, which only comes in a large size. It had corn, cheese, ham, chicken, egg, and a bunch of other things - kind of like an all-in-one empanada. It took a little while to come out, but I'm assuming it's because they're cooking it fresh on the spot. The dough was amazing - super crispy and steaming hot. I was a little disappointed that the inside ingredients were slightly cold (?), but it was still really delicious. One note is that seating is very limited. It's more like a pick-up-and-go type of place. All in all though, I would definitely come back to try some of the other empanadas or sandwiches!
Just swung by this place because it was close and my friends and I are impressed! The service was awesome, she was helpful in showing us sizes and explaining the options. The food was amazing, I tried 4 different kinds and would 10/10 recommend the chicken, cheese and corn empanada. Super bonus: it's such a reasonable price! One would be a great snack and 2 empanadas make a good sized meal. Will definitely be back!
"I haven't written a review on Yelp in a really long time, however, I feel like this place deserves the praise.

Disclaimer: I am a total Gringa.

The empanadas were delicious; I split with my roommate a beef, mixed veggie, and chicken & cheese. Delightfully stuffed we left!

The five stars are because of the amazingly kind & helpful staff. So helpful, so warm, but in the best down to earth way - even the neighborhood people who are already regulars!

So happy this place is in the neighborhood!"
My friend lives in the area and got me addicted to these made to order empanadas! I've now tried several of their 20+ empanadas and haven't had one I didn't like. Because their fresh, fried to order it usually takes at least 10 minutes once ordered but they are absolutely worth it. Crispy golden outside, plenty of filling inside and served with classic Dominican mayo-ketchup. My favorite so far is actually the Veggie and Cheese but their Lobster was quite nice as well. They are even good the next day reheated in the oven. They have a bunch of sandwiches I keep telling myself I need to try but can't stop getting the empanadas. They are HUGE for $4-7. Service has always been super friendly and helpful when I'm indecisive.
Empanadas were pretty good, the sandwich was okay, but even though the store wasn't very busy, the service was slow and lacking.
This is a sweet spot for excellent empanadas. As a vegetarian, I am a big fan of the corn and cheese. So tasty and fresh! The arroz con leche/rice pudding is also great. Yum!
These empanadas are huge!! I want to try all of them but am really partial to the chicken and cheese. I highly recommend if you are an empanada lover you try this place.
"I have been following Pikalo on instagram for quiet sometime. I always kept saying I had to try it eventually. Well it finally happened today.

It's in the Jp area that has many other Spanish influenced restaurants around. I love that the focus at PikaloI is pastelitos or Empanadas as most call it.

I got the chicken and cheese Empanada. Which for the cost was HUGE AND FULLY LOADED. Nothings worst than getting a empanada that barely has filling and is all dough. I liked the flavor of it, but I dunno I just wasn't wow. I feel like my homemade ones pack a more flavorful punch.

I'll say though if you have a taste for a empanada then this place is it. They make so many kinds of empanadas catering to all taste pallets. I'm have to go back and try the shrimp one for sure."
"My favorite was the big papi
#2 bolognese beef 
#3 chicken corn cheese

I prob would not ever order the lobster empanada it tasted like pasta sauce"
I love the diversity of food and restaurants in Jamaica Plain, and this restaurant is a major part of it. They serve empanadas of all kinds in a little corner store. People drop by with their order and others order ahead, but there's always a small crowd at this place. The wait is still reasonable and the food is delicious. Get their special sauce with any order as it gives everything a little extra flavor. The prices are also really affordable. Check this place out if your in the area and looking for a small bite or larger hunger to fill.
I always stop here when I'm in Boston. The best, fresh homemade empanadas you can try in all New England territory. Flavored with delicious Caribbean seasoning and the staff is really nice. Even their desserts and juices are good. Must try if you're in town.
"Chicken's always good here, as you'd expect for a franchise but when i'm in DT, this is nicer than the other ones, esp. kerrisdale, feels like a sit-down restaurant.

good service too.

some parking on Howe st. during rush hour."
"Nando's....you are better than crack.  Seriously.  Your Perri Perri whatever those things are, are SOOOO delicious.  I seriously could just eat that all day.   The chicken...yeah...yummy too. 

Please open up in SF.  k thanks."
It was my second time having Nando's. I had chickens with my friends on the first time. My boyfriend and I went downtown on the weekend. We had a chicken sandwich, vegetarian pita, and three chicken wings at Nando's. The Chicken Sandwich served with fresh, crispy leaf lettuce, tomato and PERi-naise on a freshly baked Portuguese bun. The Chicken Sandwich tasted awesome. The Vegetarian Pita thing was OK. It's just Vegetable in the pita without the special pita sauce. Nothing is excited about it. We also ordered 3 Whole Flame-Grilled Wings. They were decent and well cooked. We ordered the food at the front desk. Then, the server brought the food to our table. The food came fast. The servers were friendly there. It was a great experience to try sandwiches at Nando's.
"Whilst Living in Vancouver in 1996-1998
i could not go a few days without having
this chicken. Since then i have engulfed
this Special Spicy Spectacular product
Worldwide. South Africa to Sydney and
beyond.  
The Portugese Spices Dance on your
pallet like a Flamenco. The Peri Fries
will take you there, coupled with the
tender finger licking Chicken.
'Portugese Love' All Over Again.
Shout to Teena Marie, )"
So yummy, good service, and lots of food! Definitely got our money's worth and can't wait to come back!
I love Nando's grilled chicken. This restaurant is relatively new, very clean, and well-located. I enjoy the chicken skewers with perry fries!
"After visiting Africa last year I really love Nando's in general. The quarter chicken combo with mashed potatoes is really tasty, but the portions are just too small for the price compared to all the poutine restaurants in the area.

Service is really good."
"My coworker and I were casually strolling through Yaletown, looking for a food menu that spoke to us. We came across many sushi places, approximately 5 on every block BUT none of them were very appealing. Therefore, we arrived at Nandos where we waited in line for 20 minutes before our order was taken. After about 17 minutes, an employee informed us that they did not have any chicken. We were very confused by this because nandos is known for its chicken. BUT she later clarified that only their chicken breasts were unavailable. We were very relieved because we had already waited for 17 minutes. 

We order a side of peri peri fries. I went back to ask for peri peri dip and the employee stared at me like I was crazy. My coworker went back to ask for the sauce (because we absolutely needed it for this meal) and the employee then requested a dollar. I did not have a dollar so I was unable to enjoy my fries with this sauce... Very disappointing. 

Anyways, we got the chicken ceasar wraps and they were absolutely fabulous. They satisfied our tastes buds. We sat on the patio and people watched for about an hour while we sipped on our coronas. We saw people from all walks of life while we sat on this patio. It was a great experience and we thoroughly enjoyed our lunch. We will be back here, mainly for the food and people watching (not for the service because it wasn't that great)."
"Food was really good. Got the hot sauce on the chicken breast and wing, delicious. Fries and wedges also unreal. The garlic potato mash however left me scarred. May have been radioactive. I felt nauseous eating it and didn't come close to finishing. Avoid at all costs. Also the bottomless cups ""weren't available"" so we payed the same price for a bottle which was disappointing. Beyond that friendly service and great food."
i got the chicken breast combo with mashed potatoes and the wifey got the chicken skewers with french fries. the baked breast was insanely insanely good. i can't even tell you how tender and flavorful the chicken was. the mashed potato had a ton of flavor, had parsley in it with maybe some other herbs and such. if i ever come to Vancouver, i am totally coming here.
"Came here after an ice workout and was famished. Parking is typical downtown metered parking so make sure you have change. 

The place was just hopping! That's right, at Nandos?!?! There was a line-up to the door and every booth was full. Expect a 15-20 min wait for your order. I ordered a 1/4 chicken meal and veggies to go. *note parking time*

The food is always consistent for this semi-fast food joint. You choose your main and have options of one, two or large side at additional cost. I had the mild lemon herb. 

It's worth the wait."
I ordered the classic here (chicken, fries with garluc bread), it was great. I love the drink machine they have their as well, They're a lot of selections.
I have good dining experience in this Nando's branch. The staff are so accommodating. Even if we came in as a big group, we were being seated right away. It did not take long for our orders to arrive.. I just didn't like thr taste of their sangria...but the food was really good!
I love how they marinate their chicken. The inside lay out of the restaurant on the left side is a bit squished. I love the patio area. Service is alright but could be improved.
"One of my favorite chains. 

Food: Can't go wrong with the double skewers or 1/4 chicken. The best sides are the spiced rice, garlic mashed potatoes and Peri-Peri fries (the seasoning on these is great). 

Service: Everyone that works here is incredibly friendly. They get your food out quickly and do a great job of taking care of you."
Best meal you'll find on the area late on a Friday or Saturday night. Come for the juicy chicken.
"I ordered from Foodora so this is only a food review and not a customer service review.

Not sure why the legs cost more than breast meat but oh well.

We ordered a bunch of food and it was delicious! I got the legs in medium heat with garlic mashed potatoes and rice. It was so good! I haven't had Nando's in at least a year and the meal made me wonder why I wasn't eating there more often!

Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals too. 

Considering the price and portions, I was really happy with it. Some places you can spend more and not be full, but I was full and satisfied with my meal. It was so tasty and filling. Definitely should go back more often!"
"My usual order Double leg combo never disappoints me. It comes with 2 sides included. 

The chickens are always fresh, and cooked just right. Sometimes I get burned ones BUT not a single time at this location.

Staffs are always friendly."
I came here because my boyfriends co worker recommended it to me, Luckily for me it was really close to my hotel and we decided to come here for lunch on Tuesday before our flight. They were running some special for 2 leg meals for $16ish but we decided to get the variety platter instead. The variety platter came with chicken wings, drumstick, 2 chicken stewers, and 2 chicken breast and 2 sides which we decided to go with coleslaw and fries. The fries were good and I decided to put some extra spicy powder on it which made it better. the coleslaw had a bitter taste to is and I wasnt sure if it was from the purple stuff which I think might have been raddichio? Regardless sides were pretty good and the chicken itself was good especially since every piece was juicy and flavorful which is sometimes hard to do especially when grilling chicken. From my experience grilled chicken breast has the possibility to be pretty dry. The service here was good and I loved trying all the sauces such as the extra hot, hot and garlic sauce. If this place was closer to me I would come here more often. It certainly wasnt cheap since our meal came out to $30 since we ordered a platter so I wouldnt consider it typical fast food but good none the less. Also if you check in on yelp you can get an order of free small fries. =)
Whether you just need a wrap to go or you want to sit down in a family Restraunt like place (that serves beer) ... This is a good choice.
Good place! I love all of their chicken!!! Super casual spot and open quite late which is good.
My favourite place to eat with friends. Price is moderate and the serving sizes are huge. Always leave stuffed.
There's heaven and then there's Nandos. Let's just say they all recognize me when I walk in. I would do some shameful things for a Black card.
First of all, the service here is super friendly and our server was so polite and helpful. The chicken is nice and juicy as always and I believe this is a healthy and hearty option for those of you looking get the bang for your buck! yum!
This is one of the best Nando's, chicken it's always perfectly cooked , an excellent customer service, very good price, very good restaurant. The are always friendly and they always have a smile.
"Pricey for what it is. If you add everything to make a wrap or pita good
It costs like 20 for a single meal"
Well I am a fan. I like their food and they are nice and courteous. I make it a plan to visit them once each time I go to Vancouver. the only thing is that they advertise they have delivery, but they charge $20 for it! I mean, for a meal that is $12-18 on average, $20 delivery is pretty funny, specially when the distance by a taxi costs $10!
"Was here for lunch today. I remember when Nando's was starting to get popular people were totally raving about it. I don't really understand the hype.

I usually come here around once a month to get my non fried chicken fix. I used to usually order the kebabs, but then I discover I get way more meat by ordering legs. As much as I hate bones, it definitely worth it just for the increase in meat received.

Little did I know that the Tuesday special is the 2 of the Double Leg and 1 side combos for $20.99 (taxes in). So if you're a hungry Yelper you'll get 4 legs, 2 sides, and small fries because you just checked in.

For the most part the chicken will usually satisfy my cravings. For the sides, the fries and potato wedges are always safe bets. However the macho peas and mash potatoes are definitely hits or misses. Sometimes they are bland and dry, other times they are just buttery and heavenly. Definitely great comfort food if you're like me.

Anyway, with so many other food options in the area,  it's stiff competition for my $$. But nevertheless, I will still definitely be back!"
"Good food. Basic service.
2 can dine for $14.99 Tuesdays rock my socks."
Visiting in Vancouver and found this place close to our hotel so decided to give it a try!   Had the Double Skewer with was about 6 chicken tenderloins grilled....and they were great!  Husband got grilled chicken livers, different than we'd ever had but were good as well.  Everything we had was cooked to perfection and tasted very fresh.  We were there about 2:30 pm so was not very busy at that time but was beginning to get busy by the time we left.  Service was great, everyone friendly and they checked several times to make sure we were ok!
"Loved it, great prices the service is good, friendly and fast considering they are cooking you fresh food. Loved the music they were playing.

We ordered Half Chicken with peas, Chicken Was Very Tender AND delicious.  also de portobello wrap is amazing, giving it 5 stars because I loved it so much.  Great fries too."
I love Nando's! They have the best chicken kebobs and  peri peri fries. Their sauces are delicious and my boyfriend is actually obsessed with their establishment. So obsessed that he orders to-go from Nando's 3x a week or more.. I think if he had his way would eat their daily! They have great quality food and such great customer service!
Delicious chicken. You pick the mild, medium or very hot and sides. Their coleslaw is very good and hardy. Their chicken is also very good with your choice of sauce. It's worth a try. This is our 2nd time here and we really enjoy their chicken. The flavor is intense.
Went to Nando's the other day with a friend. We both were welcomed right away even though they were busy. Food was mediocre, chicken was cold, fries were good though. Probably my one complaint was that our order took 20 minutes. Nothing special here.
Solid 4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service. I guess it's a huge chain so the food should be consistent with other reviews. Tasty chicken and other fixins. But we had slow, often erroneous service which was really frustrating, including 3 of the dishes made wrong (wrong sauce) but by then we just ate it so it wouldn't take any longer, as the kids were starving. I did like the chicken flavors a lot and wish there was one near my home. I'm sure there will be one day soon as I think this place is taking over the world :)
"I honestly did not even know what kind of food Nando's did before I stepped in on a rainy Monday evening for takeout. 

Got greeted immediately and asked the server what I should get. She very patiently explained their signature dishes. I opted for the 1/2 chicken with two sides of choice, I got coleslaw, stir fried vegetables and I added an exta side of peri peri fries. They get you to choose the hotness of the chicken, since the misses was sharing with me, I played it safe with medium which turned out perfect.

All this for under $20 and ready in about 10 minutes. Taste wise very satisfying. Will be back for either take out or dine in, as it the decor was very inviting."
"Food is solid every single time, nothing to write home about I mean its fresh, made to order, and one of the more ""healthy"" fast food options out there. But the service at this restaurant completely blew me away!! The fantastic employees have officially made this my go-to eatery when i'm out of ideas and needing a quick meal. 

The people who work at this restaurant seriously love their jobs, or they are being paid extremely well. Either way i've never been treated so nicely at this type of pay first then eat type of place. My water was constantly refilled even though the restaurant was bustling with other customers. And one of the waitresses even came over and asked me how my food was. How nice is that? The people who work there actually smile at you and they look at you in the eye while taking your order (something that rarely occurs in Vancouver). Good job Nando's you've done an outstanding job at hiring employees for this location."
"My friends rave about Nando's (they're East Coast folks), so when we saw Nando's in CANADA (of all places) we had to make a stop. 

I ordered the quarter chicken (leg and thigh) with a side of their rice and OMG DELICIOUS! The chicken was so tender and the rice spicy. I loved the garlic sauce and the other hot sauce, but mainly the garlic. It goes well with the chicken and it's really delicious."
Whenever I go to Metrotown I have to go and buy Nandos! The food kicks ass if you like spiciness, and the service is fast, foods fresh. 5* ;]. Now I just have to go to their other locations.
Came here with my hubby and kids. We all were happy with the food and everything. The food was delicious just how Nandos is supposed to taste. My hubby is super picky with his chicken but he loves Nandos whole chicken and all. We will come again here for sure. I like the Nandos grilled veggies but it was too small of a size just a handful of veggies for my family so I probably wouldn't get that again. And the veggies was too pricey aswell.
"Seriously, Nando's is one of those places that never fail to impress.  They have different flavours of chicken, from mild and spicy to lime and others.  Today I had a chance to eat their catered lunch and it was awesome, as expected.

The catered setup is different from your typical meal.  For example, the green onions and sour cream come in one large container.  This actually makes it a bit difficult to serve when you're in a buffet-style line.  However, the salad came pre-drenched in salad dressing, which made things a lot easier.

As for their chicken?  It's somewhat healther because of the way it's cooked (barbecued, not fried), and their marinades really do lock in the flavour.  I think I'm going to dream about the chicken I had for lunch today."
Absolutely delicious! Chicken (1/4) was moist and flavorful. Garlic bread and garlic mash scrumptious. I read some less than favorable reviews here and was somewhat reluctant to go, though I love Nando's in South Africa. This was excellent. 4 stars as it was a bit pricey (but worth it).
I can't help but to keep coming back here every Tuesday for their special. And it has been consistently consistent for all of my visits here. So I have to bump up my rating by 1 star! The Tuesday special is 2 of the Double Legs and 1 side combo for $20.99 (taxes in)! And don't forget to check in on Yelp for free small fries.
Peri-peri! It's so delicious every time. The natas are the bomb. Based on experience, this location is better than the other Nandos I've been to. Excellent customer service too.
Medium chicken comes with a spicy sauce, plain  comes without, both are good.  The peri peri fries have a light dust of Cajun seasoning.
I love the chicken here! Price is reasonable and portions are big! They taste great! If you are looking for Portuguese chicken this is your place!
"Came here for dinner, ordered half chicken, Peri peri fries and rice. I ordered the chicken with lemon and garlic sauce as I am a guy who can not handle spicy foods. The chicken was moist and tender, and the lemon and garlic sauce added a kick to it. I tried their medium sauce as they had it in a bottle at my table and it wasn't too bad nor too spicy.  

The Piri Piri fries and the rice was nothing special but it was good.

Price wise it's a bit expensive came to almost $17 inc tax but worth it, I wouldn't eat here everyday tho , but will return or try out their Ontario locations when nearby."
"You can never go wrong with the lemon herb peri peri chicken. Love Nando's. Its always one of my favorite food. They have different level of spiciness tolerance and I usually get the mild one - Lemon Herb. I usually get the half chicken with 2 sides. Corn is always good because its corn on the cob. But the issue is that corn on the cob is seasonal. Another option, I like is their mash potatoe. Very yummy tasting. Salad is like a hit and miss. Its not always like fresh fresh so I usually avoid the green. 

Well why do I like peri peri chicken. Well its very flavorful. 

This downtown location can be quite busy. There was one time, I came down to get to go and I had to wait like 20 mins for my chicken. As a hint, if you are coming here with family always get the whole chicken and split it. Its a better deal. Also the restaurant doesn't look big. I have always done take-out at this location.

Parking can be hard to find in this area because its super busy."
"This may be a fast food type restaurant, but the food definitely isn't.  The slogan is true about the chicken marinated for 24 hours and basted in their special peri-peri sauce.  Luv the peri-peri sauce that comes in five different degress of hotness, espcially for those of us who want it a bit hot, but not too much.

Options: You can get a 1/4 chicken, 1/2 chicken, whole chicken, or a pack for a few people.  The sides aren't bad--- the portuguese garlic bread is definitely smothered in garlic herb, caesar salad had big flakes of cheese on top, the mashed potatoes and coleslaw were both tasty and hearty.  The peri peri fries has a zesty kick to it.  Most of the sides are good for one and not enough for sharing. 

The prices are reasonable. Bonus that they serve wine and beer.

Parking may be hard to find since it is in the downtown area."
One of my favourite spots to go for a quick bite or to order in. Half chicken plus peri veg and garlic mash is my regular order. Also grab a bottle of peri peri sauce for home. It's amazing in all types of cooking!
Whether it's in the U.K., Canada, or any other country - Nando's is always the best. I always get the chicken pita with mango lime sauce sometimes with pineapple  so good. I need Nando's in Hawaii.
I spent $21 on a single meal for myself (not because it was expensive, but because I ordered enough for 2 people). Absolutely no regrets.
Nando's is literally the best chicken I've ever had in my life. I go there at least once or twice a week. Staff is friendly and remember my name. Thanks guys!
This location has definitely stepped up their game. They must have hired better cooks because I've been eating here/grabbing take out very frequently, sometimes everyday and I've never had any issues. Chicken is always fresh, rice not overly salty. Happy this location has been pretty consistent lately and hope that doesn't change!
"hmm not my cup of well chicken kabob.

IT was ok.  Thats it.  Over priced. WAY OVER PRICED
First visit, likely my last. LOved the venue, SUPER CLEAN.
Food was mediocre. If you can not get a Kabob and rice
done properly i'd say nothing else would be ok.
Serious rice was bad. NIce people. Ok experience.

Will not go back cuz its too expensive for what i get and the menu selection is very weak.

Ty"
"Great job!

After several hours at Granville Island on a very sunny day, I, plus two people, decided to do Nando's as I wanted grilled spicy chicken. I picked this location as it was about an eight-minute drive. To my delight and surprise, it was easy to find street parking.

We ordered the Variety Pack with fries and coleslaw as our sides. The food arrive in a reasonable amount of time and the venue itself had a lively feel. The chicken was succulent...mmmmmmm....finger-licking good. One of the people with me was my sis...she hates touching food so she ate the chicken skewers with a fork and knife. My date and I ate the other chicken pieces with our hands...the way Portuguese chicken is supposed to be enjoyed. 

I truly loved Nando's and this location is no let down!"
"We went in as a party of six during our short visit in Vancouver. One of our friends was craving Nandos since she hadn't had it since her trip to Australia. The rest of us didn't know what to expect.

They definitely lived up to their claim of fresh, grilled chicken. We ordered the variety platter (10 wings, 2 sides, garlic bread, 2 skewers, 1/2 chicken) with an additional order of 8 wings, in medium and lemon & herb flavors. Our order came pretty quickly. The chicken was nice and juicy, though a bit too charred for my liking. They have sauces at each table. The garlic peri was delicious with the chicken and the free peri fries we received for checking in on yelp Nonetheless, it was still good. This is a place I wish California had!

TLDR; Peri-peri chicken is their specialty. Must order their chicken and try their sauces!"
I had been craving Nando's since I went to one in the UK two summers ago- it was definitely worth the wait. Not sure if it tasted like the best meal ever because I had been walking around the city all day and hadn't eaten in hours (probably why) or if it was really that good. Either way, I recommend it if you're looking for a simple meal that satisfies your chicken cravings.
"Good food, quick service.  Nice to see a chicken place that has a few vegetarian options.  Enjoyed the Portabello Wrap.  

Can you fix the tables outside? The legs are uneven.  It rocked and I spilled my water.  This also happened to a lady near me.  2 times in 10 minutes, this clearly happens all day so let find a fix for it.  Thanks!"
"I enjoy Nando's, but it's always suffered from an identity crisis. Is it a fast food joint, or a sit-down establishment? You order like it's fast food, but then you're given a number and brought your food by the staff like a restaurant.

And it's in this latter aspect that this particular location suffers.

While the quality of their food is excellent, this location is SLOW. Painfully so. Last night, I watched as the line stretched to the door, and a majority of tables had numbers but no food.

It easily took us 20 minutes to get our meal, which was nothing more than two sandwiches and fries. Fine for a restaurant, but terrible for fast food. Even if everything was made from scratch the moment after we ordered it, most other establishments - including other Nando's - would have taken half the time."
Friendly and helpful girl at the counter explained seasoning, spice, etc... and even made suggestions. Looking forward to dinner!
"I love Nandos.  Very fair prices, and nothing beats crispy chicken and fries.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is very casual.  I love how you pay ahead of time, instead of after the meal.  

We definitely could use some Nandos in Victoria BC, ASAP!"
"Probably my best ever experience with any Nando's location, ever! Came by on a Tuesday for the double leg special. We were politely greeted immediately upon entering and a staff came up to us with menus and asked us if we've been there before to which we thanked her and let her know we knew exactly what we wanted. My fiancé and I each ordered our meal plus a glass of water with lemon... no problem! Were given our utensils and numbers and we sat down. 

Food was delivered within 7-10 minutes, hot and fresh. Server asked if there was absolutely anything we needed at all? We declined. Started eating our meal and hey, a follow-up! ""How's everything tasting? Is there anything I can grab for you?"" And then later on, an employee comes around and refilled our water! 

Once we were done and heading out, employee in dining area thanked us, and two of the ladies behind the counter thanked us and told us to have a great evening. So much energy, so hospitable. Such a nice change to see at any type of restaurant!"
"Food was really good. But everything is so darn spicy. I'm giving it a 4 star because the employees weren't really educated in what they're putting out. My gf is gluten sensitive and no one could answer any questions we had. I also asked how big the portions are and they weren't sure either. 

But overall. Good fast food!"
"I had Nando's for the first time in Malaysia. The locations there was a lot better than the one here. 

Let me break down what you will get here at Nando's. First the chicken they have is nothing special. They know how to grill their chickens. You can probably get the same quality chicken from ""El Pollo Loco."" What separates them is their sauce. I really love their sauce extra spicy garlic. You can buy the sauce and put it on chicken you buy at any place and IMHO I think it would taste the same. 

I also tried their chicken liver with bread. If you love irony soft texture. I would recommend getting it. They only give you 2 slices of bread, for the amount of liver they give you I would order more bread. 

The mash potatoes were different it had a weird air pocket texture to them, but they taste good. 

Over all I would come back to Nandos, but maybe not this location."
"BEST BIRD IN TOWN!!!
l remember hearing so much about it but since they didn't have a location in downtown at that time l didn't try it until l went to this pool party sponsored by the beat 94.5 and nando's chiken, l was sooo amazed by founding the best chiken l've ever tried, l even got coupons for free chicken in that event,  l've been to portugal and tried the frango asado but this is way better!!! so happy to find a place where l can healthy eat in Vancouver, l feel like back home eating ""pollo asado"""
For Franchise chicken this is not bad at all. I would even consider this to be fast food. It is $$$ compared to the other places, however, with the sides it does fill you up. I am obsessed with the Peri Peri (I hope that I am saying that right) sauce. Prices are compatible to the other branches, decent seating and great staff.
Really tasty flamed broiled chicken with a tasty sauce. It's a little pricey for what you get and the sides are quite small, but all in all its good.
"Although Nando's has been around for a while, I just recently discovered it. 
After having eaten there a few time now, the staff are always friendly and seem happy to be there.
I ordered the chicken peri wrap - medium spicy - with fries and coleslaw. 
Even though the chicken is medium spicy, it still has a kick. I haven't been brave enough to try the hot or extra hot...but will work up to it.
The coleslaw is creamy, but not too creamy. The fries were hot and very good. They come in regular or wedge; both were delicious.
It's fast food style, but the food is delivered to your table, and took less than 5 minutes each time I ate there."
"Love, love, love this place! I was slightly skeptical but this place came highly recommended from a friend. It kind of reminds me of Pollo Tropical (if you've ever seen those in the southern region of the United States). 

The chicken is grilled on an open flame. You select how much chicken you want and a sauce that it is topped with. I selected the hot which was flavorful and spicy; I loved it. Other sauce options include a lemon-garlic and another more mild option. I can't recall what that sauce is called.

I love options they have for side dishes. You can choose an entree with one or two sides. The selection includes: spice rice (really good), house salad, garlic potatoes, corn, mixed veggies and potato wedges. I had the spice rice and veggies. The veggies left very little to be desired. They were grilled but drowned in oil; they were too greasy which defeated the purpose of trying to be healthy.

I will definitely come back to this place. It's a cool location and the food has rest flavor while still allowing one to still be health conscious."
This chicken is amazing!!! I will literally cross the border once a month just to eat this chicken!!
This Nando's is not the fanciest one you can find, but nevertheless they still serve the best chicken on this planet with amazing sauces. They're open late and the service is friendly.
"Our daughter is a fan of the band ""One Direction"", and heard that Niall Horan likes Nandos... So when we vacationed in Vancouver last week, it was the one place we had to try! Honestly, I didn't expect it to be much better than a KFC. We were pleasantly surprised.

First, we do like spicy food - if you don't, this may not be the place for you. Our pre-teen tried the Mild-ish (their words) skewer but found it a bit too spicy to eat (she is sensitive even to the spiciness of regular black pepper, though, which is what I think made this style unappealing to her). We found the Medium chicken to be just right - a tad spicy but very tasty. I had a chicken Caesar (small) which was piled high on a small plate, and was the right size for me. Hubby had a sandwich, and our athletic older teen had the wrap and a side Caesar (and couldn't eat all of it). 

The flavor was really good in the chicken. I think the creamy Caesar dressing helped make the spiciness manageable. 

The staff was really accommodating and the food was very fresh (we arrived just after opening). 

We could have fed all four of us for $30 CAN if we hadn't had that extra salad... With cups of water, not paid drinks, of course.

It was better than I expected, and we will probably come here again next time we are in town."
"I'm impressed with their lemon chicken breast.  It was very savory and full of a ton of flavor.  I came up on a solo mommy recharge trip from the Seattle area and due to the bad wind and rain- i got into town 1.5 hours later than expected.  I was hungry and needed sustenance ASAP.  On the recommendation of the hotel I was staying at- I headed down Davie Street.  Stopped by 7-11 to grab some Ketchup chips (Lays is the way to go) and found this gem.  I was promptly greeted and given recommendations for food.  I ordered a side of the fries they are ""famous"" for, and some garlic mash.  I took my order to go and no more than 10 minutes later I had the food in hand.  They loose 1 star for forgetting any type utensils, which in hindsight I should have looked for- but once again 7-11 to the rescue.  I got back to my hotel and the chicken was so juicy it was dripping with flavor.  The fries and the garlic mash complimented it well (although I do prefer white rice with my chicken). Overall I'll try and come back and bring my family the next time we are in town."
Chicken was good and tasty. Sides were OK but waiting 30 mins for what was essentially the equivalent of a fast food takeout was unacceptable.
"As far as ""fast food"" goes, Nando's takes the cake for being both delicious and relatively healthy. The chicken is always consistently tender and flavorful, and the peri-peri veggies are actually pretty darn delicious. However, in terms of value I do think it's a bit overpriced. 

Normally I'd say the food merits a 3*, but this location is one of the nicer ones - clean, bright, nice modern decor - so I've rounded up as it's actually a pretty comfy place to grab a bite."
"This is place is always hot or miss.  The chicken is above average and truly beats your chain fried chicken offerings.  The sides, with the exception of the peri peri fries, are somewhat ordinary.  This location has a decent ambiance, but if you are in downtown could one not put some effort and find something else to eat.  

All in all a decent chicken with some good spicy flavours."
Was excited to see a Nandos in Vancouver. Used to live in DC where there are tons and it was one of my fave places to eat there. Unfortunately, this one can use some improvement. Food took forever to come out - about 25 minutes. Got a chicken sandwich and the bread was cold. The piece of chicken on the inside was pitiful. Garlic mashed potatoes were okay - not as good as the ones in DC. Prices were good but the portions were small. Will skip next time around.
I wanted healthy and spicy. I held off and only ordered a 1/4 chicken (hot), coleslaw, and the garlic mashed potatoes. Once I got my food, I added more hot and extra hot sauce that was at the table. Now, would I recommend this place? Abso-freaking-lutely!
"This place is solidly good.  I love the hot spicy sauce they lather on their chickens.  The sides are pretty tasty too.  During peak hours, the restaurant fills up fast.  And the ordering line is long, cramping people into the main entrance area.

That is my only complaint. Otherwise, it's awesome."
It was okay. Never had Portuguese food before so this is my first time. Very similar to El Polo Loco food (Mexican) in California.
The moment I walked in I was greeted by a staff member and offered a menu while i was waiting in line to order. The cashier was very friendly and got my order in no time. I Sat down and had the food come to me in a timely manner. I was approached by two staff members asking me how my food was and whether or not I need anything else!.... Great service, great location.. Other branches need to learn this... I got better service here than I'd get at Cactus or Keg restaurants.
Don't order the Portugese tarts. Go to T&T. Otherwise, the meal was OK and for a pseudo-fast food joint the food was healthy. We had the peri-peri chicken sandwiches. Fresh bun, lettuce and the chicken was decent. My favourite chicken burger is still found at The Red Onion. The place on Davie is fairly new and the insides are a pleasure to be eating at. Service was excellent and very friendly. If you are near Davie and needing something relatively healthy, tasty and fast then this is a good choice.
We had the leg & thigh meal and for a 24 hour marinade, I found the chicken to be surprisingly dry. I had to add more sauce to give it better flavor. The fries as a side were excellent, but the side of rice left a lot to be desired.
"Delicious chicken! Love the sauces. You won't normally find me at a chain restaurant, especially in a city like Vancouver with so many options, but when I found out there was a Nando's nearby my hotel, I had to stop in. I have been to Nando's in Washington DC, and this location was pretty similar with a couple of different options on the menu, mostly just different side dishes.   I shared a whole chicken and an order of chicken livers with my dining partner. We ate everything, and I especially love the grilled chicken livers at Nando's. The order was small, I suggest ordering something else along with the livers. I could have eaten two bowls, plus my half chicken.  Or maybe thats just because I love the peri peri sauces so much that I can't stop eating.  

There are 3 peri peri sauces on the table, extra hot, hot, and garlic. They all taste pretty similar to me but I think the garlic is my favorite. You also pick which sauce (spice level) you want your chicken cooked in. There is a mild herb sauce which is an option for cooking but is not in a bottle at your table.  

This place definitely deserves more than 3.5 stars on Yelp!  The service was fast and friendly, plenty of tables including an outdoor patio, and the chicken was cooked perfectly!"
"This is the best Nandos I have ever had. And I have had it in all corners of the globe, including the home base, South Africa. No Nandos I have had makes it more moist, perfectly white meat, piping hot chicken and fries, all perfectly peri peri'd and presented with a smile.

Seriously - if you like Nandos or Flame Grilled Chicken - this is the one."
First time here and I loved the food.  I was on vacation and was bummed I'd probably never go back, and then I found that there is another location right by me in Gaithersburg!!  Excellent food, and I really liked the sauce. Would absolutely return.
"Loved it and ate here couple of time while visiting from the Bay Area. The chicken is moist and delicious. Wish they would sell sparkling water for people who do not drink soda. 
Outside seating was great as we were there in July."
Nice place but had to wait.   Chicken was great.  Service was polite and easy going.    Busy place.   Relaxed and nice.
"A vegetarian's review of a chicken place:

I was pleasantly surprised to find more than one vegetarian-friendly item on their menu.  Ordered the portobello mushroom and halloumi cheese wrap with a side of the sweet potatoes, and hoped for the best.  

The food was good, but portions and proportions were lacking in my opinion.  The wrap, for example, was mostly lettuce with a few slices of portobello and a block of cheese.  The sweet potatoes (and the sauce/seasoning especially) were tasty, but the portion (4 small slices) did not correspond with the price ($5.45).  Opt for the larger size of this side if you plan on sharing.  Still, I think it's admirable that they don't rely on the typical 'fast food' chain offerings, particularly with their appetizers or side dishes.    

Service was straightforward.  One of the girls briefly engaged in polite conversation, but other interactions were generally sterile.  

A Yelp check-in gets you a free small side of fries (for now at least)."
"Chicken is burnt 50% of the time.

Their chicken is flavourful, but 50% of the time, it is burnt and tastes too bitter, not to mention it's carcinogenic.  I've had no problems with dine-in, but takeout is a struggle because most people who work at this location don't speak English well enough to take correct orders over the phone.  Another thing about the language, sometimes I'll order something, pay for it, then the cashier will start talking to someone else in their own language looking kind of pissed in front of me.  I think it's rather rude."
"I have eaten at Nandos a few times in England and was honestly a little bit freaked out to find one in Vancouver!  The food is almost identical to the England locations.  The only thing missing is the XX Hot sauce (in black bottles) and so that was sad, but their Extra Hot is pretty decent.

This is a place that roasts chicken and then gives you Portuguese Peri Peri sauce options.

We had the chicken wrap & an order of 8 wings.  The wings are very big (you kind of get the drumstick and the wing - I ordered these ""hot"" and then put lashings of Extra Hot sauce on the them (which I highly recommend).

The food arrived pretty quickly, the wings looked great and with the extra sauce (which is on the table) they were very tasty (if a little messy).

I am not a huge fan of the sides, I would suggest that you just get more chicken and skip them.

The prices are perhaps a few dollars more than you might want to spend, but the chicken is very fresh - heck, it might even be healthy - but it is tasty and I would recommend you check them out if you have never been before."
this place has pretty good food ... the chicken is tasty ... i am not super impressed with the prices ... three dollars for a small french fry is a bit much if you ask me especially when the size is very very small  .... i did order a chicken caesar salad which was 10 dollars and it was made with lettuce that was still somewhat wet making the dressing quite runny ... the salad was also made of many of those hard spines of romaine lettuce and i am sorry, but when i am paying 10 dollars for a SALAD, the least it can be made of is the actual lettuce ... i fed my dog all those spines which  was almost half the salad ... but the chicken is tasty, i can not deny that .... i guess i will go there when i am in the mood to spend a little more money for just chicken ... i do find the prices a bit high for what you get ...
"Another one of my lunch time haunts.

Great service even when the location is smokin busy, I always get a smile and am greeted politely. 

Price? Meh. While it is good eatin most of the time (see next point), I can't justify making this a daily/every other day option for dining due to how much it costs. Yes, the peri peri is what makes Nando's ""special"" but I'd love to see their profit margins when lunch for two people comes in at almost $32. I noticed this location changed hands recently and the prices went up at least 50cents per item across the board AND they discontinued their BBQ sauce...? Minus one star.

Food lost a star simply because I think their quality control needs a little bit of work. Sometimes the kabobs/burgers are amazingly juicy and seasoned/cooked to perfection. Sometimes the chicken barely has any flavor, the meat is full of gristle and terribly chewy - for the record, I am one of those people that cannot HANDLE crunchy/chewy bits in my food... Grosses me out to the max. I always mention something when my order isn't perfect and they replace it right away, but come on. 

Nice every once in awhile, but not a staple."
I was meeting my dad for dinner in the west end and following a keto diet, I was trying to find somewhere that would work. Yelp revealed a place that claimed to be keto, but on reviewing their menu I realized it wouldn't do. Then I came across Nando's. With a meal of chicken legs and olives I was able to not only stay within my nutritional macros, but to have a good meal at the same time. The place isn't fancy, but they do a great job with chicken. The service was quick and the food scratched my various itches. I will definitely be back.
Arrived in Vancouver after a long flight and was looking for something good and quick before I returned to the hotel. Nando's Chicken was all of the above and more.  Had the chicken sandwich and fries. Got the medium hot sauce and it was just the right amount of heat. The hotter sauces would have been too much for me. The table had bottles of the different hot sauces, which I used to dip my fries. Overall, an enjoyable meal.
This review is more for the staff , specifically Sinead. While food is good ( a little inconsistent at times ) the service is always on point. It's always busy there in the evenings and the staff really hustle to keep things moving. I had an issue with the food quality a few months ago and contacted Nandos. They referred me to Sinead who handled the issue very professionally and made the mistake up to me and then some. Never have I had a company take a mistake so seriously and make me feel like a valued customer.
Not as great as the Nando's in Washington DC, but always a good alternative to the usual pub food. Wish they had better & cheaper beer options ,given they are in the Northwest.
Location is fairly clean, the food is really good, and the staff is nice and friendly. Pretty good service.
"My family and I were staying at the Sheraton around the corner from Nando's and I've been curious to try it since seeing this chain on one of my visits to London.

I wish I had tried this sooner because the food is absolutely delicious! I order the family style meal which was more than plenty for a party of five and even had some leftovers. The chicken was grilled to perfection and was very moist. There wasn't a dry piece in our pile. 

Nando's hot sauce and garlic bread paired well with the chicken and I wish I had bought a bottle before I left so I could use it on other things here in the states!

The staff was very accommodating and was patient with walking me through the menu, as it was my first time, and the food came out promptly and fresh off the grill.

Will definitely eat at Nando's again whenever I see it. I wish they would open up in the U.S."
It was OK but not exceptional. I don't like really spicy food so I had the first level of which was the lemon and it was a good sauce a little spicy but not too much, and the chicken was well done. But there was just nothing exceptional about it.
For my money this is some of the best quick take-out in the city. I know it's a chain, but their chicken is always fresh and tender. We love their simple side dishes too - the Portuguese bread, coleslaw, fries - all great comfort food.
"This is the first time I have been to this place. 
The chicken was very juicy and I got a simple lime sauce that was even spicy but so good! I can't imagine how hot the hottest one is.
The fries were also awesome! Only problem I had with this place is that is was really overpriced."
Go here once every week or two for lunch.  Very good service, great chicken, and nice comfortable booths to sit down, relax, and enjoy your lunch.  They could turn down the music a bit though...can only take so much Gypsy Kings turned up too loud.
Reminds me of my days in London where I'd go to Nando's every few days. Same look and feel! The best thing about this restaurant is that it is open till 11 pm, so good place for a late dinner. Even at 10.30 pm, there were more than 10 people here. Central location adds to it. Check it out if you miss Nando's from London.
"It was okay.. I heard from friends that it's amazing. I dunno it was cool, probably wouldn't go back since there's Swiss chalet. Nothing was wrong with the food just ""okay"" I guess"
"We were in Vancouver for the day during our vacation in the Seattle Washington area. The hotel clerk suggested that we try Nando's , and we're so happy that we did. Upon entering the location, you're immediately hit with the wonderful smell of incredible seasoned chicken. The location has a clean and open vibe, with plenty of seating if you choose to dine in. There are tons of selections of chicken flavors. If you're a brave soul, they have temperatures that range from lemon and herb, to very hot and spicy. We settled for the lemon and herb, and the mild. Both were delicious. They also have a huge selection of side dishes. We selected the garlic mashed potatoes and cole slaw, but you can have fries, rice, and many other delicious sides.
The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and guided us through what would be the best purchase for our family.
I highly recommend Nando's. We were not disappointed, and will return when we're back in the area."
Why can't we have these in the states?  The seasoning is unreal. Well marinated chicken with peri peri sauce is great. Much better than bland Boston market. Quick but not greasy fast food that is healthy depending on what you order.
We love Nando's it's our go to place for Portuguese Chicken that's made on a flamed grill. I have it at least once a week yummy yummy chicken in my tummy
"The food at Nando's is average. Nando's is good for a quick meal that isn't deep fried. Most sides are naturally gluten free. As far as I know, they do not have gluten free wrap yet. 

Menu: You can order a 1/4, 1/2 or whole chicken and you can choose your spice level which is great! The medium is a good spice level for me and didn't burn my mouth...however I eat a lot of spicy. We ordered a side of corn which was grilled but wasn't hot. The potato wedges tasted chalky but the regular fries are fine. 

Service:
The service was very fast even on a Friday night. Nando's is great for take out or dining in. 

Venue: 
The location is easy to get to and there is a patio in front of the restaurant. The interior decor is a bit dark and feels homely."
I absolutely love Nando's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Even my picky 3 year old ate the chicken (non spicey sauce)!
"Great fresh option for low-carbers.

3.5. I was stuck between a 3 and a 4. Since our food took quite awhile to get to us tonight, I went with a 3. Maybe a little harsh? My husband had been there before and he assured me that the food generally comes out quickly.

As you walk in the door, the sweet aroma of hot sauce hits you. The place is larger than it first appears with seating to the left and right of the counter. The restrooms are to the left. It's clean and fresh appearing with quite a bit of trendy artwork on the walls. You order at the counter, pay, take your number to a table and then they serve you. 

From the menu, I had: 
Quarter chicken breast, medium spiciness
Peri-peri vegetables
Tossed salad, Mediterranean 

The chicken was super moist and the outer skin was crisp. I found the spiciness to be a little more than I was expecting. Apparently, the peri-peri veggies are to doused in oil. We asked for just plain veggies without the oil. I'm not sure if it was the little white bowl the veggies were served in or what, but they stayed scalding hot for a long time. They were crisp and fresh. I topped mine with seasoned salt. The salad was a great portion size for a side. The Mediterranean dressing was average.

My husband had the extra hot quarter chicken and then drenched it in extra hot sauce. Our daughter had the lemon & herb chicken with a side of garlic bread. At first, she complained that the chicken was too spicy, but she ended up loving it and asking for more. She loved the garlic bread too.

On the tables, there are additional sauces and salt/seasoned salt. Try the sauces! I enjoyed both the garlic and extra hot sauces.

Generally,places with  three stars are places I might or might not visit again. Nandos is one of those that I would revisit given the opportunity."
Tourist here, this place was recommended to me by a friend. This location was closest to our hotel, so we visited here. They had really good chicken, especially with the hot peri-peri sauce. Great garlic bread, fries, and spicy rice. Employees were very nice and patient with us newcomers, and service was quick and efficient. We ended up coming here multiple times during our trip. Definitely would recommend.
"It's legendary - and for good reason. This unassuming spot on Davie serves the best chicken you will ever have.

Sure, there's not much variety, but they are killing it at what they do best: Portuguese roasted chicken. So you can see why this company , which started in South Africa, spread like wildfire around the world. 

It's fast casual - you order up front. But the staff are attentive and will check in with you at your table to see if there's anything more you'd like to order, or anything you need.

Now... the chicken: you can get it just a few different ways - wings, skewers, legs, breasts; quarter chicken, half chicken, whole chicken; lemon herb sauce, garlic mild Peri Peri sauce, medium or extra hot. But no matter what you choose that meat will come out hot and saucy and oh so moist. Dear God, it's moist!!!!!

They also have sandwiches which are fine but THAT CHICKEN IS CRACK.

Also, plenty of sides: a green salad, or Caesar, fries (with special Peri Peri seasoning), corn, cole slaw, etc. also, chili.

If you're here for the first time I'd get the Variety platter - plenty of food for 2-3 people! It's a half chicken plus wings and skewers and two sides. Get the corn and fries!!! That's their classic combo. And don't forget the South African ""Castle"" Lager to wash it all down! (Yes, they serve beer and wine!! Also, coffee and tea!!)"
Best food and great staff I would for sure recommend, this place love the food most importantly everything is lovely here !
"I was with a group of 4 adults and 1 infant. We were extremely hungry and purchased the Familia share platter. It was perfect enough to feed us all! Highly recommend the garlic mashed potato side dish.They  offer a deal when you check in with Yelp. As soon as you check in you get voucher for free fries! You can redeem now or save for later. Fyi...by clicking on ""redeem now"", you get a 4 hour window to actually redeem your fries. Honestly, its worth checking in!"
I am a fan of Portugaise style chicken and sauses that Nando's uses. On top of that, this location of Nando's is very good. People are nice. Food is hot and delicious. Nice view of the street.
"We were planning on watching Wayne's World outdoors in Stanley Park one lovely evening in early July. But first we had to make dinner plans, as we were fairly uncertain as to the fare that lovely urban park had to offer (in retrospect we COULD have eaten there, but didn't want to take that chance). Instead we wound up here, right around the corner from our hotel. 

And what a choice it turned out to be. I mean, I generally find chicken to be more than agreeable, but this place did it right, I tell ya. Got the double chicken along with a Pepsi while the wife filled her gully with a single chicken and a salad. 

Wayne's World was great, and we ordered water there, but Nando's made us want to come back - well, maybe the next time we find ourselves in syrup country."
This location is probably their best. Cause Everytime I come here the food is hot and tasty. Tried the Burnaby location and you get cold hard chicken.
The chicken here is really delicious. I was there last week and the staff was extremely polite and fast and efficient and could understand everything and was very pleasant. I had many questions about the different types of chicken (leg, breast, etc.) and everyone was super helpful and nice.
"My daughter was craving grilled chicken last night and a Yelp search turned this up. She love it so much she wanted the chicken again this evening. 
The chicken is good but I want crazy about the side vegetables (sautéed bell peppers, onions, carrots). 
The many has a few choices for most palates."
"Went here for dinner the other night and the chicken was very good...
The chicken was very juicy as other yelpers have mentioned, but I thought it would have a little more flavor..Dont get me wrong, I thought it was great and it satisfied my hunger for some chicken, but I thought there would be a little more flavor with the HOT sauce I ordered with it..
The rice was decent that I ordered with my meal.
The place was clean and the staff was friendly..
I ended up getting the HOT sauce thinking the extra hot was going to be too much...I think next time I will try the extra hot"
"Been ages since I've been here and was surprised to see so many things. Large space with a spacious feel to the seating arrangement. Nice and interesting decor. Clean. And staff friendly and helpful, totally deserving of a tip, so if you agree after your meal, put something on the table if you didn't tip up front when you paid for your order at the counter.

Always in search of something curious to eat, I ended up trying the Grilled Chicken Livers ($7.75 ""on its own"", comes with either a Portuguese bun or their Portuguese Garlic Bread).

The garlic bread was faintly garlicky and completely forgettable except that together with the ""meat"" (liver), it can add up to a light meal for under $10 after tax -- which is hard to find these days.

Liver is liver, and despite choosing the normally sharp-lemony ""Lemon & Herb"" sauce / baste, the grilled livers tasted like liver. I even asked for extra sauce (which they provided for free!) and completely dipped each piece of liver in it, and the lemon didn't make much of a dent.
I had slightly better luck with the garlic peri-peri sauce available from the condiment counter.

After all that, I was slightly annoyed it cost 25 cents more than a quarter chicken (leg and thigh).

TIP: Frozen Yogurt is supposedly ""bottomless"", according to the menu! I'll have to test that with an eating crew one day soon..."
The staff is friendly (and remembers me). Pricing is the same as every other Nando's. There's lots of seating (except during lunch and dinner rushes, when you might want to choose take-out instead). A few spots outside, if you're into patio eating. I've been here half a dozen times now, at least, and the food and service are consistently pleasant and dependable.
"Came here two weeks ago with family for my sister's birthday dinner. I haven't had Nando's for over 9 years and it never really appealed to me but I think I see it in a new light after last week's visit. The food is actually fairly high quality for the price point,  and portions are good too. 
The only thing that was subpar for us was the wait on the food but to be fair we were a table of 8 and ordered in stages."
Nandos is wonderfully delicious !!! Their food has a kick to it, the perry perry fries extraordinary. It's basically a high class McDonald's ( service style) u order and pay first then sit down and they will serve you your food! It is a bit more than I expected pricing wise but again what isn't in Vancouver? It's delicious over all and well worth the money!
"A nicely renovated and cozy Nando's right by Metrotown. Went here to grab a bite after dinner and wasn't disappointed by the taste of my chicken.

I got a 1/4 chicken with two sides, and I can tell you that both the sauces that they use were delicious as well as the chicken itself, not dry at all! The veggies were nicely grilled and the mashed potatoes were spot on as well. 

The service was also pretty good, and everyone was quite friendly there. Restaurant wasn't too busy when I went, but there is quite a bit of seating so we took a whole booth to ourselves.

Overall, great little place to go! I would say the portion is a bit small, but at least everything tasted amazing."
"I was in the mall and i was hungry my friend thought that chicken from nandos will be a good lunch for us.....store inside the biggest mall in burnaby,free parking courtesy of metro town center...free wifi aswell

Service is just thesame with other place in the food court....they accept cash card and credits...dine in and take out

Portuguese foods are similar withj some of our cusines in my motherland Philippines it was because my country was colonized by spaniards by hundreds of years so we inherited most of the spanish dishes which is very similar to portuguese foods

The chicken is really the carrying dish..it was good,full of flavors and tender..the rice aswell is very good.......dishes comes in combo,reasonable price...they have a signature sauce that taste so good

This is one of the place that is included in my frequent visits....not a bad place to eat

noise level is high because its inside the mall...but seat is always guarnteed...huge food court......"
"My first encounter with Nando's was when I lived in Doha, Qatar.   It quickly became comfort food while there.

So on a trip north, I took my family to Nando's so they could experience what I did.   

And it was GOOD.    The chicken was just as good as I remembered, the fries were nice, the pita bread and hummus was very yummy indeed.

I will note though that, unlike the Doha Nando's, they don't use metal skewers hanging down over the plate, and the chunks of chicken weren't as big as I remembered from the Nando's in Qatar.    And they could use a kid's menu for the smaller, not as spice-friendly crowd.

Still, was VERY good indeed."
"The service here is great. They are fast and attentive even if you come close to closing time. They will give you time to choose what you want. 

Great selection in the menu. Happy hour is after 9pm. Menu of happy hour is kinda hidden. We ordered a full chicken and it tastes really really good!! You have thw option of having mild, medium, hot or extrahot. Be warned hot actually hot.

Must go if you havent tried nandos. Best grill chicken arnd. Best part of it, you dont have to clean any dishes or your grill."
I have to say Beside there delicious chicken,rice,garlic bread........ they have the best customer service.keep up the great work and thanks for replacing my dish that I wasn't happy with.
We were greeted well the moment we entered, this was our first stop driving from Seattle ... the person on the counter was pro-active and suggested to go for family size as that is going to cost us a bit cheaper given we ordered two whole chicken and few sides. That worked perfect for us, the service was impeccable, food was simply amazing ... in case if you like it to be a bit saucy, they have fresh sauce on the side (complimentary)... wonderful experience for 4 of us. Will definitely come back next visit !
I think this Nando's Restaurant is really good, but problematic compared to the one in Park Royal. In this location, the order seems a bit rushed and okay, whereas in park royal, they cook it for longer, but it is better quality, not say metrotown's nandos is bad. Another problem is they sometimes burn the bun. Not bad, but could be better. It sure is the place I almost always eat at when at Metrotown food court.
I've been coming here for the past 3 years with my mom and dad here and there when in the area. I love chicken, however, even their mild is spicy but it's so damn good. When you want decently fast food chicken that doesn't seem like fast food this is my place to go. I love their blend of spices and sauces.
"Came here with my family, and wasn't expecting very much. I was pleasantly surprised by the experience. I've ordered take out on a number of occasions (other locations) but never have I ever dined in. 

The food was good, but we all particularly enjoyed the garlic bread. The most memorable part of our meal, believe it or not, was the service! 

One server in particular, Sean/Shawn, was outstanding. He had a genuine hospitality that is a rarity to find these days. Everyone at my table couldn't help but take note and we were all nodding in agreement at what a delightfully attentive server he had been. 

Anyway, I could continue gushing but this is after all a review and not a reference letter. If I didn't live all the way in Kits I'd certainly come back more often. Kudos to you Sean/Shawn!"
"I've been to Nando's before and loved it.. Always order the extra hot and it always come the way I like it. Well.. I was at Metrotown on the weekend and saw Nando's there so I had to give it a try. 

I order the double leg deal in extra hot and a side of peri peri fries. The fries are great as usual but the chicken was covered in sauce and didn't taste like I remember. It wasn't extra hot and was nothing special. I hope the non-mall restaurants are better then this. At least the price are the same. Next time I will try the stores instead of the mall."
Jumping from fried chicken to grilled chicken, I think a lot has to with the marinade of the chicken. At Nando's they call it PERi-PERi and it comes in 5 levels as described by their PERi-ometer. I ordered the Quarter Chicken (Leg + Thigh) in Medium PERi-PERi and the first thing I can mention is that it's not that spicy compared to say, authentic Indian spices. If you like your food with a little bit of zing like me, you might have to go for the Spicy level here to get that feeling. In terms of the chicken flavour though, the lemon herb does sink into the chicken through and through. I had no qualms about eating this right to the bone and even for those who consider eating with their hands as messy, this plate is worth it. The chicken isn't made to order, but the staff are pretty spot on with their timing so that the chicken isn't overly dry when you receive it. The rice was also a delicious compliment to the chicken. There's a tray of condiments nearby the Nando's and pretty much all of them go well with the chicken and rice. When nothing you add can make a dish go wrong, that's a good encouragement of creativity, and I like it. Compared to say, Church's Chicken, the meat here is more flavourful, but obviously Church's Chicken gives you the crunch that grilled chicken doesn't have.
I worked up in this area for awhile and i love Nanado's. Usually order a half or whole chicken super hot and so wonderful, perfectly cooked and such great flavor. I miss Nando's and Vancouver, can't wait to go back
"Superb! A friend wanted to treat my sis and I for lunch so I chose Nando's rather than going to a traditional full-service restaurant (Nando's is semi-self serve; you order at the counter and they bring the order to you.). 

We chose the Familia family pack complete with one chicken, two kebabs, a salad (we chose Caesar), one large side (three potatoes) and one regular side (spicy rice).

The chicken and sides arrived. It was the juiciest chicken I ever had. I tasted a fantastic blend of lemon, herbs and spices and the the meat itself was succulent. 

The entire ensemble left the three of us stuffed with plenty of leftovers for dinner. It's very cost friendly (the variety pack we chose cost around $36...$12 per person) and gave our tastebuds a fantastic sensation!

I highly recommend it. Next time, I'm trying the spicy fries!"
"This is a Canadian style food restaurant which is a great alternative to fine dining or fast food. It's somewhere in the middle.

Keep in mind that the food court versions of this restaurant are very different from the full restaurant versions. For example if you eat at Metrotown the menu is much smaller than the location on Kingsway or down by Byrne Road.

The food is generally cooked fresh so is pretty hot and keep in mind they have a lot of levels of spiciness so make sure if you're not too much into spice to keep it low or medium or you'll get burned!

Always get extras Nando's spices on your fries and special Peri-Peri sauce on your chicken. It's the best!"
"I haven't been to a Nando's in YEARS...   and I think that was at the food court in Metrotown when I was there.   I was not impressed at all, and hadn't been to one since (having a fairly negative opinion about it and all).

Decided on a whim to give this one a try with some friends... and WOW.  IT was pretty damn good!   The chicken kebabs were juicy and tasty (I went for the hot version).   One of the friends went for the chicken legs meal, and he went at it like a dog on a bone...  he ripped those things apart and I think contemplated getting another order.

Definitely will go back when a craving for spicy chicken comes around.

Good job!"
Tried this place for the first time. Ordered 2 chicken skewers and fries with medium hot. It was so good and the fries are seasoned to perfection unlike other places, it actually has flavour! I'm coming back the next time I'm craving something flavourful and hot!
Always a family favorite and service is fast. South American ambience with latin music and decor. Although the washroom is so tiny but decently clean. Still would be good place to get a tasty chicken meal.
It's been years since I visited Nando's for the first time as a kid, and it was like a whole new experience for me all over again. I had the double skewers with peri-peri potato wedges at the lemon and herb level of spice. The chicken was tender and moist, while the sauce was flavourful but not overwhelming. I mopped up the rest of it with the potato wedges which were cooked fresh and had just the right amount of seasoning. The combination was absolutely mouth-watering. Although the food was satisfying, I do want to mention that because you order up front and the food is brought out as ordered, tables vary in cleanliness and we had to prompt somebody to clear it for us. It doesn't look like regular lobby spins happen as there isn't a designated server.
"I have been living across the street for the last six years and never try it until today.

Very convenient place.

atmosphere: is really nice ambience and very comfortable.
Service: outstanding, really efficient, friendly, fast.
Price: fair $11 for a sandwich with real fresh chicken breast and a side of salad.
Food: the chicken was really good. Maybe wasn't a good idea to order the sandwich, the bread was kind of dry so next time I'll have the chicken bi it self with a side, they have many options. 
Overall was good, I'll come back"
Still new so room for improvement. Food is always good just a little pricey for having no waiter/waitress. Needs a little more staff to speed things up. Menu is relatively healthy compared to what you find on Kingsway.
Went here for dinner cause I had a coupon for the whole chicken dinner. Had a seat and our drinks came quickly. Next came the garlic bread which was very tasty. A few minutes later the chicken, peri peri fries and rice. Loved the fries. Chicken and rice were okay. Overall it was a nice meal.
"Great Food, Great Atmosphere, Great Service Attitude! 
OMG, or I was too hungry or they have an amazing restaurant over here! 
My stomach is absolutely satisfied! Great spot!"
"Nando's was close to our hotel in Burnaby, so my wife and I figured we would give it a shot.  We got one of the family packs with rice and peas for take-out (so I can't speak to the service).  It took awhile to get our food, but they looked pretty busy, so I can understand the wait.  
The chicken is well-seasoned, but the pieces seem small.  The peas were a bit bland, but the rice was good."
"Got the $25 bundle to go...  for an enormous bag of various chicken parts.  Ready in about 10 minutes.

This is my first Nando's experience, the only things I'd improve on is another option for sauces..  and slightly larger wings (they looked a little small compared to others I've seen)."
"Well, after tasting Nando's chicken at the mall, we decided to order some chicken for the picnic we had the next day. 

We ordered and 15mins later, I came and picked it up. I dont know much about the parking here, but I parked along the street. I can see that might be limited on a busy day. 

I would comment on the space, as it looked like a lot of tables, but I didn't eat there.

The staff were very friendly
Price was decent.
Chicken was delicious.
The garlic bread is perfect, not too heavy on the garlic, but not to toasted the bread is hard."
Lynda L. We frequent  Nandos a lot we enjoy going to the Nandos in Richmond a lot but tonight we did not want to drive so far away so we went to the Nando's on Kingsway and Wilson. That location is a hit and miss and tonight was definitely a miss they were so busy tonight that the two girls could barely handle it. People that were there after us got their food way before we got ours. The manager there is good for a statue. He doesn't do anything.  He should take customer service training. I won't go there again.
best chicken preparation ever and possibly the best Nando's branch. meat is cooked just right with enough juice and taste even without the sauce.  this branch deserves a place of it's own rather than have to be a part of the food court.
Gotta have my Nando's fix once a week. If you're looking for a quick good meal, i would suggest Nando's. Medium hot is good, unless you like it spicy, then the hot hot is for you.
This location is always fast and friendly.   I've been maybe 30 times in the last couple of years.   I call ahead for pickup and my order is usually ready when I get there.  I usually order the chicken sandwich with add of cheese and pineapple.   Solid stuff.
Best grilled chicken I have had in a long time. The sides and bread is also nicely done. This place also has a nice vibe, young groups hanging out, talking loudly, making friendly chatter and eating good food - something not ever seen in the Seattle area. The place is also very kid friendly. Good value for money.
"One of the nicest Nandos I have ever been too, they recently renovated. 

Service is always good and the chicken is not over dry at this location compared to others. 

I love the salad dressing there and the lovely lady gave me extra containers to take some home....so nice :)  I did not really think about it until now but because of her kindness it made my experience that much more enjoyable, and now it's the only location I go to for my Nandos fix. 

It just shows you a little kindness goes a long way."
The chicken is alright. But the mashed potatoes are BOMB. I ate here the first time I went to canada. Its a pretty good place to eat with a small group. Def going to eat here again when I'm back in canada.
"I love Nando's chicken so much I would rather have this over fine-dining! It's crazy how good this chicken is! 



Okay I've been eating Nando's for years and have been to most of their locations but buyer beware. It depends what time of the day it is to get the freshest succulent chicken....I still haven't figured out that one yet. Maybe someone has the pattern down? It's almost always good at this location comparing to others. I had a few misses hence the comment. 

There are a few things that bother me like the chicken sandwich is disgusting. It's some prepackaged heavily preserved piece of blandness. It's not the same fresh chicken served like the breast plate for example. 

Sometimes the cole slaw is too laden with dressing. The peri-peri fries are too salty but that's why I get the classic fries! 

Sometimes when ordering the whole chicken I don't get two breasts and end up with something that looks like it but it's not. I still don't get that one. 

The ambiance in this particular location could improve. 

Service is great here. 

Overall most of the time it's perfection. I usually get a whole chicken, fries, and cole slaw or Cesar salad! I sometimes get blown away how good this simple meal is. 

If you're craving the real BBQ taste of chicken hands down this is a winner!"
Life Changing. The closest thing we can get to Nando's in California is El Pollo Loco. I've always wanted to try Nando's and I did not expect Vancouver to have one. The chicken was very juicy on the inside and extremely filling. Our sides of Mashed Potatoes and Corn were very good. The potatoes were creamy and the corn was sweet. As for the French Fries and Wedges, the flavoring was not to my taste and a little soggy. I wished they were a little crispier. As for the sauces, the heat level of the hottest one was not mouth burning, but still enjoyable. This place was amazing!
"This is for the one that is NOT in metro town. Near the RBC on Kingsway.  There service is always good. I come here 2-3 times a month for lunch and she knows my order. Always comes and checks on everything once the food is delivered.

Good service and food is always cooked consistently therefore always leave feeling satisfied."
Great taste, great service, friendly staff. Ordered the 1/4 Chicken (1 Leg+Thigh) with a scoop of Garlic Mashed Potato. I also appreciate the unlimited hot sauce. It gets 3-stars because for $9.85+tax, I was expecting more food.
This place is definitely authentic (I'm from South Africa, where Nando's originally comes from). The food was great!!! My husband had nando's for the very first time and he loved it! The service was great, and the people working there were so nice and friendly. I definitely recommend this place and will be going there again for sure! Now I just hope they open up a branch in Seattle (the craving is serious!!)
The servers here are nice and patient. Chicken taste okay. The garlic bread is irresistable!
I had a Caesar chicken wrap and garlic mashed potatoes. The wrap was excellent and good value which is reflect d in my rating.  Pleasant place to have a meal. You order at counter and they serve you at your table.
I love Nando's but I don't know if this location is the best.  I've often come here to order the chicken pita and the pita was too dry or they didn't put enough of the right vegetables or sauce. The service here isn't as great as the other locations either.  If you're searching to go to a Nando's in general, I wouldn't make this location your first choice. If you're looking for a Nando's for convenience, and this is the closest one, then do go here (which is why I go here).  A mediocre Nando's is better than no Nando's at all!
Amazing food and service was great. However, cashier did not know how to calculate how much change to give back to me and I had to calculate it myself, therefor I cannot fully give this review 5 stars. I got the 5 flame grilled wings (lemon + herb) ($6.95), and also got a side of fries. The wings were incredible; many restaurants would only give you either 1 wing or drumette but Nandos gives you the full wing! You are getting a bang for your buck with this purchase as 5 full wings = 10 wings at any other restaurant! Also, loved the Coca Cola freestyle machine; lots of choices for soda. Overall, great atmosphere and good food. Will return again!
"You had me at Cream of Wheat...
This was a moment of reckoning!!
We are food fanatics and tend to be disappointed in hole in the wall breakfast places. I had read many great reviews as well as a bunch of bad ones and we needed to try the Neighborhood Restaurant for ourselves.  Today was the day!
We got there around 11:15 am and when I was able to move thru the huge crowd on the sidewalk in front I went in and met one of the ""family"" who explained the self sign in system and told me about the free coffee and corn bread outside while we wait. ( these offerings were good and always refilled for us crazy vultures)
She was happy and sweet while working incredibly fast and hard to get the next groups seated. 
We waited about 30 minutes for a two top and being a cool beautiful day made that an easy wait. 
We were seated inside at a very tiny table but this time of year the out door dining area is closed. That's ok! It's a small but nicely done dining room. It felt clean and contemporary. The people who work there and run a finely oiled machine are upbeat, friendly, welcoming and attentive folks. 
They greeted us with free coffee and small oj's and our menus. 
Nice array of choices and a whole sheet of specials. Every breakfast listed sounded great!!  And the prices were more than fair!

First things first... Cream of wheat or fruit he asked. Being fall and having heard such rave reviews about the offering we both picked cereal. I was not sure how good this was gonna be. I was actually expecting slightly watery bland CoW. No way!!! This was a big bowl with cinnamon on top! I couldn't believe how good it was!!! Grandma Edee move over!
Then the bread plate came with banana muffin and wheat toast with jam. Nice but I just couldn't. 
Then my spinach and cheese omelette oh so fresh and packed full!! I'm very picky about over done eggs and this was perfection! I was a glutton and also ordered a ""side"" of French toast! I was lead to the Portuguese sweet bread as my bread choice and it was a good one! A ""side"" was as big as most regular greasy spoons' full order. Two huge pieces with butter and syrup on the side! Yes it's a lot but we had to try everything we could on visit #1
My hubby had a family omelette and loved it! He doesn't eat home fries but that's ok. If I have one critical thought it's that the home fries could have been a bit more done but, that's a personal preference!
So! After the equivalent of three breakfasts each, we left full and so happy we finally got over here!
We saw so many other great meals being served we will be back soon for homemade hash and the sirloin and eggs!!
Maybe we won't eat all week so we can come again next Sunday. 
Thanx gang at the Neighborhood!!!!
We thoroughly enjoyed our time today from waiting with other fans to the service and delicious  food you made for us! 
See you soon and I fear often!
Erica and Dave"
"There is a really great video online that someone made where Judy Garland sings about Cream of Wheat.

When I go to The Neighborhood and get the cream of wheat, I want to sing about it. I never knew I could love it so much.

Everything is delicious. The potatoes rule. The juice is great. The pancakes! I could go on about everything. Cash only, so be ready, and bring an extra few bucks because the menu is extensively delicious."
Best breakfast place in my neighborhood by far! I love sitting outside when the weather is nice it cant be beat!
The food is absolutely worth the wait! Delicious with ample portions enough to get really for or take home for later. Definitely a family friendly environment. Great staff!! Outdoor seating with grapes on vines above your head is a nice addition.
Great place for brunch in Somerville! Apart from all the delicious food they served, I really enjoyed their baked apple. I will definitely go back to try their lunch and dinner menu.
I love this place - yes the inside seating is awkward - yes there are long waits - but the food is good and the portions are fantastic.  My biggest complaint about this place is the hostess - she is RUDE RUDE and RUDE - I assume she is a family member since most people who work there are - but I wish someone would talk to her about her behavior
"I just came back from The Neighborhood and I can't move I'm so stuffed.  The food is good, but what makes this restaurant fantastic is the portion size, the atmosphere and the bathroom.  Yes, you heard me, the bathroom.

Portion Size - this is HUGE.  It is seriously more food than anyone could possibly eat... ever.  Hung-over from a late night of binge drinking?  Breaking a long fast or just looking to eat only one meal this Sunday?  Come here and get Midwest truck stop size portions of great food.

Atmosphere - Think rural-nowhere-small-town-diner located in a Brazilian neighborhood with a hippie flare.  Service may not come with bells and whistles, your silverware won't match, but the service is friendly and prompt.  You will have interaction with people at tables next to you.

Bathroom - Think Brazilian-Hobbit bathroom.  It's under the stairs, painted very bright colors and the ceiling might be 5' 6"".  I could not stand up in it.  It was AWESOME.

Additionally, there is a HUGE outdoor patio covered by a trellis of grape vines which they actually make into wine.  Not very good wine, but Somerville, MA isn't exactly an important wine region.

Make your way to Union Sq anyway you can to visit this great restaurant."
"Breakfast with fresh orange juice, coffee, cream of wheat, and entree of choice for $10 with tip?  Given the quality, I'm hooked, and will definitely go back again.  They've also got fancier breakfasts for a bit more, but everyone at our table was happy with some variety of omelet or eggs.  The other Yelpers are right about the cream of wheat, definitely the best I've ever had, and I've never enjoyed the dish before today.  And my entree came out just fine, lots of food, and the fried bananas were a nice touch.  Thanks, Neighborhood.

The atmosphere is relaxed, quieter and much more spacious than Sound Bites.  Even with the line, the wait staff let us stay and chat, refilling coffees after delivering the bill.  Colorful walls and photos of family members make the place feel welcoming.

I'm on the verge of giving another star, and probably will after visiting again.

There's a couple street signs to lock bicycles to, maybe the front fence in front of the outdoor seating area, but not much beyond that."
We lived down the road them the neighborhood for year and now I will drive over an hour just for the cream of wheat. I miss you neighborhood! Great food and don't have to eat again until dinner
The absolute best. I had the Nutella crepe and was stuffed with all the food it came with! Great value.  I also loved the cream of wheat and I don't even like cream of wheat. The patio was shady and perfect for brunch with a friend. The grapes growing overhead are the perfect touch!
If you are in the area and want a huge breakfast this is the place. In the summer they have a large seating area outside draped with grape vines. The food in general is not great but it does the trick. When they give you the choice between fruit or cream of wheat, do youself a favor and go for the warm, buttery cream of wheat.
"I am going to say it right out the gate, I hate breakfast food and do my best to avoid it at all costs like it's the plague. I've seen the line for brunch/lunch hours on the weekend and have just laughed out loud wondering why anyone would wait that long for a dreaded cafe meal. Then some friends literally dragged me here because they loved it and were ranting and raving. After coming here, I can see why! It is hard for me to admit but they may have converted me - at least for their place. Thankfully we were early morning folks, so we didn't have to contend with the line.

When I was looking over the menu, I wasn't surprised to see the $8 price tag on every meal - as I think all breakfast food is over priced - but when I reached the section where it stated what came with the meal I was shocked. Endless OJ or Coffee, choice of fruit or cream of wheat (I will return to this later) and toast...before even getting to what came in the meal HOLY SMOKES!

I ordered the regular french toast, which I was given the option of white/wheat/sweet bread, I panicked because this was completely unexpected and ordered wheat - delicious. Then I had to tell them how I wanted my eggs, normal occurrence, and hear that I got home fries too. 

I haven't had cream of wheat since I was a little boy, and I am still convinced that it is the best I've ever had! I am seriously considering going back and just trying to get bowl after bowl of the stuff, simply amazing. They must make their own bread here, as the pieces were extremely thick and definitely not store bought. The flavoring of the french toast was nice, the home fries weren't burnt to a crisp, and the eggs - the food I most dislike in breakfast - were actually quite good. I will be going back here again!"
"I really debated about 4 or 5 stars.... There are a few cons with this place, but really... Does it matter?
So, there is a wait but really we put our name in, went next door to get change for the meter, fed the meter, read the specials menu, saw the cash only sign and our wait was practically over by the time I got back from the ATM (not knowing there was an ATM inside I went down the street, but, ATM fees, who needs them?)
Get the cream of wheat. Get it. I don't care what kind of sick imaginings or sad childhood memories you have about this dish. Get it and you'll be happy, promise! Also, the fruit salad was admittedly a bit sad, if I got two chunks of fruit that weren't melon that'd be a lot. But really.... the best ever fruit salad wouldn't compare to the cream of wheat.
The food did take a little bit longer than I expected to come out, but it was worth the wait. I had the coconut French toast my bf had steak tips and eggs. The portions are HUGE. The food was delicious. We might consider sharing next time.
The atmosphere was amazing, it felt like being at a family cookout or something. The staff were friendly and helpful and forever refilling our coffee cups. The canopy of grape vines and picnic tables are just right.

Long story short bring cash, get in line, help yourself to a coffee while you wait and get the cream of wheat. You'll leave very happy, I know we did."
Did not live up to the hype, yet a decent place for the first bite of the day. The food (steak) was okay and so was the service. We had to wait for everything, including water and hot sauce, for a while. The portion size was good though. Overall, a nice breakfast place but not as great as the reviews here.
This is the kind of local brunch spot I like to hit again and again. I've had the berry french toast and the eggs benedict here, and they were both well-executed although not stellar home runs by any means. However, I give Neighborhood points for excellent service, a free small OJ with breakfast, and a rotating menu of intriguing specials. My biggest gripe is that this place is fairly expensive -- expect to pay $10-$12 for an entree, particularly the specials. But I'll be coming back here repeatedly, so four stars it is.
"The Portuguese breakfast is the BEST. Every part of it has great taste and everything combines and complement each other in a great way. The cakes, the beans, the eggs and the potatoes. The only thing I didn't like was the blood. For me it didn't taste amazing. Excellent service and while you wait they give you free coffee, chocolate and sweet bread. What is better than that? Not expensive at all and actually I thought it was very cheap.
Will for sure come back!"
"Cutest place ever!!  It feels like you are eating in someone's backyard.  I went for brunch on Saturday with a friend and thought it was great.  Super cheap food and you get unlimited coffee and a mini cup of oj.  We ordered 2 dishes and split both.  

-Linguica w/3 eggs, toast, fried bananas and homefries.  anything fried is yummy but I LOVE bananas so they were pretty tasty.  The linguica was cooked a little too much but still edible.  We skipped the toast and ordered the sweet bread!  HELLO...I wish I was Portugese but then again glad I can just stick to being Italian and od'ing over pasta.

-Omelette with mushrooms, broccoli and feta with rice & beans, homefries and more sweet bread.  I wasn't a huge fan of the omelette but was a fan of the rice and beans.  Should've just ordered a side plate of those.  There was just enough flavor and salt to the rice with pinto beans.  It was soooo yummy!  I can do without that omelette next time though.  It was a bit too much and the feta was very salty.

Overall, the place was so cute and fun!  The waitstaff was very chill and didn't bother you or try to get you to leave shortly after you eat even though there was a huge line of people waiting to get seated.

They also only take cash which is a pain but they have an atm machine inside the restaurant that only charges $1.25 fee but then your bank also charges an additional fee depending on the bank.  Bring CASH.

Hope you all enjoy it!"
"Eh, the food here really isn't that good.  But it's a fun place.  Basically this family converted their house into a restaurant.  What used to be the big parking area is now patio dining, folks!  Covered in grape vines (watch for the hornets in late summer).  The basement houses kitchen prep, dishwashing - and the bathroom, so be careful on the stairs.  

Inside the long narrow dining area is a mish-mash of mismatched Fiestaware, some with smiley faces.  Home fries are horrible, eggs are so-so, coffee is tolerable.  People like it because you get a lot of food - they deliver a plate of (often stale) pastries to your table after you order.  Service is tolerable, that is, they tolerate you most often, which is kinda fun.  Do not be in a rush here.  They do have some interesting looking Portuguese sweet breads and pastries inside and around the holidays, Easter especially, they have a lot of special orders.

But - and there is a BUT - this places has the most ROCKING GOOD Cream of Wheat ever.  Dreamy.  Heavenly.  Sublime.  (I mean it, folks!)  Sweet and creamy with a whisper of vanilla and lemon zest.  They REFUSE to tell you how they make it.

Do yourself a favor - get there as fast as you can and get into a big bowl of that delightful concoction.  Then take satisfaction with knowing that you saved 10 bucks and your breakfast is way better than everyone else's."
This place always has a line out the door, and now I know why. The food is great and the servers are incredibly friendly. On a nice day, I'd be happy to wait outside and enjoy the free coffee they set out. The sweet bread French toast is definitely worth trying. Chorizo was delicious too. Only cons are it's a small place and gets really crowded (hence the line) and it's cash-only.
A little hard to get to.  But oh sooooooo good.  Great breakfast.  Bottomless coffee and complimentary oj and pastries with your meal.  Find it once and it'll become your Sunday regular.
You've never been to the Neighborhood Restaurant, have you? Well, hop in your car or take the bus or a bike to Union Square, one of the most underrated parts of Somerville. It's summertime, so they'll have plenty of outdoor seating (under umbrellas to keep the sun off). I've only ever come here for lunch, so I can't say if they're open past 2 p.m. or so. Like Soundbites, be prepared to wait in line, but get ready for delicious breakfasts with a Portugese flair. I've had Belgian waffles, omelettes, and more here. It's no frills, but the food is great, and the service is average. You might get a funny looking, round, fried thing on your plate - it's some sort of fried fish bite...Portugese, I guess, and kinda tasty! Highly recommended.
Holy crap, this is the best place to go for brunch! Gigantic portions, good food, cheap prices. Of course there's always a line, but it usually moves pretty quickly. Staff isn't always the friendliest, but they're busy and focus on getting the job done. I love the outdoor patio under the grapevines in the summer.
"I love this place! They get 4 stars because the service was so great. They offer fruit or cream of wheat with your meal. I chose the cream of wheat. It was delicious. Better than my corned beef and hash with poached eggs. In fact the cream of wheat was so good I am going to give it the run down. It had Cinnamon, sugar, cream and a touch of lemon. I highly recommend it. The rest of the food was adequate.

There are pictures of the Borges family all over the restaurant .I was looking at the older pictures and then of our server and resemblance was uncanny . Turns out the Grand daughter and the grand son both work there. It is still family run..... Don't forget your cream of wheat"
I've been going here for years. Yes, the line is outrageous, and truthfully, I've never waited. I save my visits for a weekday I have off, or Saturdays at 9:45 AM. Food is delicious, sitting under the growing grapes is charming. Service can be a little chaotic, and yes, I have had better coffee. Overall, this is a spot I enjoy frequenting.
"I'm usually disappointed with breakfast spots. A lot of time I think to myself, I could make this or better myself. Not so here. First of all be ready to eat because they give a lot of food. I had to get the cream of wheat (which was delicious) and then got the linguica omelette. I eat A LOT and the portions here were great. My omelette was huge and they crumbled the linguica which means the meat and cheese were more evenly spread, no clumps of just egg. The potatoes were also delicious, and everything seemed seasoned well. I wasn't expecting such a big omelette, so I ordered a side of bacon too, which I still ate of course. Bacon was great also. 

This place is definitely worth the wait. One of the best breakfast places I've been to."
"The food was impeccably good.  In a filled dining room, it took no more than 12 minutues to get our plates.  Loved the hash browns, sausage and especially the french toast.

The service leaves some to be desired in that the staff is not always around to re-fill a coffee cup or to see if there's anything you need.

However, i cannot wait to go back."
What a great place...you will walk away stuffed.  Amazing cream of wheat to start, along with complimentary coffee and OJ.  The breakfasts are hearty and tasty, as are the home baked goods and the wait staff friendly.  Winner.   Long wait to get in.
I came here today with a ground of friends and had a great experience. They give you free coffee while you wait in line outside. The staff was friendly and the feel of the restaurant was authentic. It was clean and cozy. I ordered the #15. Fried banana, portugese sausage, 3 eggs and potatoes. It was different because I have not had a fried banana or portugese sausage for breakfast before. I really enjoyed the meal and did not leave feeling like I had eaten way too much, yet felt full. Overall, I thought this was a great place!
Such a great place for breakfast and brunch.  This place got me to try creamed wheat!  Now I can't get enough of it.  Very good price for the amount and quality of the food.  And they always surprise me with their baked goods, sometimes bread, sometimes some Portuguese pastry.  Cash only is a downer and service is a bit here and there.  There's always a line, but they do offer coffee and pastry while you wait.
"Earth-shatteringly good food served in Imaginationland. First, opt for the cream of wheat over the fruit. The NR&B's version (an adventure in sweetness, creaminess, and heat) will make you forget any previous sentiments you have about it, whether it was made too lumpy, too bland, or too watery. One piping hot bite, and those memories of BLAH will be replaced with memories of GIMME MORE.

Throw in the bottlomless coffee, cute cup of juice, and a breakfast fit for a king, and THAT is what five starts tastes like.

In the winter, you sit in a room painted neon colors: pink, green, blue, yellow. In the summer, you sit under a lattice roof overgrown with the most fragrant grapevines you'll ever encounter. Do they make (and sell) their own homemade grape jelly? Yeah, they do. And yeah, you need to try it. Now. 

Careful of the lines, though, because the food is good enough to wait for, in the rain, snow, sleet, and hundred-degree heat of a midsummer morning.

Don't forget to check out the bathroom: Inside, down the stairs, first door on the left."
found this place before a class i taught, I am seldom unable to finish a meal but this was on time.creme of wheat with cinamon,  french toast with fresh fruit, 3 eggs, ham home fries and toast.  everything was great except the toast, I think the bread was homemade so it was irregular size and cooked unevenly   but tasted ok
"So I finally made it to Neighborhood.  Like many others before me, I went for the Cream of Wheat.  It was amazing -  sweet, buttery and delicious.  I also ordered the corn beef hash and it was some of the best I've ever had.  Seriously.  

I went around 2pm on a Saturday and there was no wait.  But the place is small so I could see how the crowds would line up.  But this place would be worth the wait."
"Love this place!

While you wait, they give you coffee and muffins or bread to fortify you. The wait can be long, but it's well worth it.

With every entree, they give you the choice of fruit or cream of wheat, just do it, get the cream of wheat, it is incredible! Sweet, but not too sweet, slightly salty and cinammony, mmmm. You also get coffee or tea and OJ with each meal.

Oatmeal pancakes are delish, linguica omelette is amazing, steak tips are juicy and tender and marinated well, Portuguese breakfast is yummy, corned beef hash is on point, home fries are well seasoned, always properly cooked and often crispy (the best). Pretty much every thing I have ordered, or my friends/family have ordered have been amazing. Each table gets a bread plate too.

Well worth the price. We always have plenty of leftovers to take home.

Highly recommended!"
This is the PLACE to go in great weather. The wait can be a bit long on the weekends, but it's well worth it! The portions are huge and the atmosphere is like no other place I've found in the area. In nice weather you sit on a patio under grape vines. The orange juice that comes with every meal is delicious and the specials usually feature something new and different, such as pumpkin pancakes. I love the variety in egg dishes and the service is fairly attentive on most days.
"So many good things about this place:

1. Cream of Wheat like whoa
2. The tons of food that arrives at your table before you have even ordered anything
3. Eating outside under the grapevines
4. Free coffee while you wait in line
5. Great service & prices & the usual restaurant requirements

In sum, practically perfect in every way"
"As you rally your troops to go on a breakfast crusade to the lauded Neighborhood, there are some things you should know:
1) There is a list on a table outside the door (easily miss-able if you don't know to look). Go ahead, write your own name on it. No one's going to come to offer to do it for you. 
2) Don't come when you are hungry; come 20-40 minutes before you are hungry. Worth the wait, but due to limited seating quarters, it is likely there will be one. 
3) Do not, I repeat, do NOT venture off for coffee while you are waiting. The line can move a lot quicker than you think. Nine parties ahead of us, quoted for a 30 minute wait, and we were called in about 5 minutes. Close call. 
4) Once seated, you will be faced with the difficult choice of fruit or cream of wheat. All three of us ordered the cream of wheat, having read your reviews. All the hype about the cream of wheat is true. Ed P. called it ""sex in his mouth."" As we devoured our sweet creamy goodness, our waitress sailed by with a plate full of oven-baked honey-glazed cored apples. We gaped in amazement, as if a unicorn had just galloped by. Was THAT the ""fruit?"" Some lucky girls next to us dug into their pommes with undisguised delight, as we lusted jealously just a few feet away. Next time, I may go for the fruit. 
5) Pick anything you want from the menu. Everything was delicious. I enjoyed the ""Almond Joy"" French Toast-- toast dipped in coconut milk and then fried, covered in chocolate chips, slivered almonds, and coconut flakes (which I omitted). I started to second-guess my choice as we waited for our breakfast, but those fears melted away as soon as the plate was in front of me. It was... fantastic. 
6) Dress in layers. It's kind of drafty and cold in some areas, warm in others. You don't know what you're going to get. 
7) Don't make plans for the next 2-3 hours. Allot some time in your schedule for the inevitable food coma that is sure to follow."
"The Borges Family can cook for me all day long!! Especially if that server with the biggest arm muscles I have ever seen delivers my food to my table all day long too! Wow! Can I get tickets to that gun show?? Just seemed so random to have a guy that buff serving us our brunch heh Loved it!

We were sad that the outside patio was not open when we went because that doubles the space to seat everyone which meant our part of 6 had to wait about 45 minutes on a Sunday to get seated.....And then we were seated in the back corner by the kitchen which the AC didn't hit, which definitely heated up as we were eating our deliciously tasty food! So try and get a table not in that corner so you don't have to worry about sweating into your fruit salad!

But you can see I am still giving it 4 stars. Heat aside, the food here is just fantastic. And you get SO MUCH food after waiting that long for a table we still couldn't finish everything that was brought to our table. They have a massive selection of food and then two more pages added in with all of their specials!! It is like the neverending story of breakfast! So awesome!

What will I dream of forever??? Their pumpkin spice pancakes. My god. They are big and fluffy and they melt in your mouth. The cinnamon sprinkled on it paired with that fresh fresh whipped cream on the side, is just heaven!!! And it comes with eggs and hashbrowns and coffee and juice and fruit too!! All for $11!! And all of their breakfast meals come with that! It really is mother-lode of all breakfast lands!! 

And their healthy breakfast special with egg white omelet with asparagus and cheese and broccoli and red peppers was divine!! And the homefries were tasty too! Oh and did I mention you get muffins and bread and toast with your meal too?? 

Not gonna lie, our table couldn't finish everything on the table, so the extra muffins we didn't eat, took a little trip into my purse so we could eat them later as a snack heh. And they were even good after the fact!! I mean, we couldn't let good food go to waste!! You know they would have just thrown them away heh

I wish The Neighborhood was even closer to my own neighborhood, because I could eat here all day every day of my life, as long as they put me in a spot where the AC reaches!!!"
"Best breakfast in somerville/ cambridge hands down. 

The service is incredibly friendly and fast.  The breakfast options are endless. The portions are beyond generous. And the cream of wheat they start you off with is addictive. 

Get there early so you don't have to wait in line!"
"This is a good breakfast spot. It's about $12-15 bucks per person but it includes a small orange  juice, coffee, toast, and cream of wheat. It's a lot of food. Home fried potatoes are salty (which I like). Cream of wheat is sweet with a ton of cinnamon. Comfort food salt/sugar/butter! 
Service is robotic and unfriendly. For example: someone asked me I wanted coffee. I didn't but 5 more people asked me the same question. Some people might think that is good service. But I thought it was annoying. Why didn't the first person simply take the mugs off the table so that everyone would know I didn't want coffee. 2nd example I was offered complimentary cream of wheat but it was dripping down the sides of the bowls. It wasn't just my bowl but everyone around me too.  
It's good plenty of food for the $ but cramped and not worth a long wait."
"this place is extremely popular. i live close by and lines on weekends are two blocks long any time hovering around brunch, which is most hours, because they're only open 'til ~4 pm.

i had a day off of work today, so i went. it's got a nondescript interior with about 10 tables -- surprisingly small for the long lines. service might take a while. there was only one waitress. it's only cash. 

the quantity of food you get for the price is huge. i really loved the cream of wheat (okay, so you sold me a whole container of condensed milk with cinnamon with a side of creamed wheat, and i ate it all up). the coffee is mehdiner coffee, the orange juice is in a tiny kiddy cup and not quite sure if it were fresh-squeezed... the waffles are fresh pressed but not the most amazing i have ever had. the omelette looked more like a bit of scrambled eggs (i didn't mind) with occasional egg shells. the turkey bacon was salty. but i loved the cream of wheat. and might i mention that i got all that for under 12 bucks?

they also have a breakfast buffet with eggs, home fries, rice and beans, portuguese meats, fruit, unlimited cream of wheat, oj, coffee, fruit, etc for around 12 bucks.

so if you're hung over and hungry, it's a fine deal. if you're hungry, it's a fine deal. if you want tip top gourmet food, maybe not where to go, but it's a well-meaning mom and pop and a solid neighborhood establishment. i like the touch of the blue mugs with the local neighborhood business advertisements on it, like newspaper ads.

give it a try. i just ate enough calories for breakfast, lunch, and a little of dinner."
"Hands down my favorite place to go for breakfast in the Boston area. I don't think I've ever read the full menu as the best items are the breakfast specials, handwritten on a plain sheet of paper and clipped over the menu. These change frequently, are always special and delicious. Pumpkin pancakes and fruit-stuffed french toasts are particularly memorable. 

These specials come with a separate savory breakfast -- eggs, toast, etc. The staff happily swap out the sausages that come with the savory breakfast with a bowl of fruit. Which meant I could  also order the cream of wheat, a tasty little standout that comes with the meal as an option instead of fruit. 

Space inside the restaurant is limited. In warm weather the seating expands to an adjoining grapevine-covered patio. Starting around 11 am, the line starts to get long long long. But going in with an appetite is necessary."
"If this review was based on food alone the neighborhood would definitely get 5 stars.  The food here is hands down the most amazing brunch spread!

You start out with fresh fruit or cream of wheat and then get your meal.  I usually always get omlettes when I come here but yesterday decided to switch it up and try one of their healthy option dishes: egg whites with cheese, spinach and tomato, a side of turkey bacon and a giant oatmeal waffle topped with bananas=omg amazing breakfast!  I also had a mango spritzer which was pretty f'in delicious! 

It was a great meal to start off the long weekend with!  Ok so now for the service part, the main problem is there aren't always enough waitresses to handle so many people so we got our food before our drinks.  We asked the girl serving  coffee if we could have our spritzers and she didn't know what a spritzer was.  Obviously she did ask someone and we wound up getting them, just took a while.  So worth repeat visits for the food but don't expect amazing and attentive service."
This restaurant has great pancakes! I ordered plain pancakes and hashed potatoes. The pancakes were really moist and delicious and the potatoes were very flavorful! Great area to get breakfast all day (they are known for their legendary omelets). Definitely recommend and I will be back!
"Everyone keeps raving about the cream of wheat from this place.. They obviously didn't try the corned beef hash!!!  Homemade and so so delicious, I couldn't keep my fork off my cousins plate (he made the super smart order). I actually thought that the cream of wheat was a bit too sweet for me... My cousin pointed out that it tasted like tapioca.

But the other option is the fruit plate, which I got and it was sup par fruit for sure.

Definitely not a place to go if you're only a little bit hungry! The service was good but speedy, the wait was RIDICULOUSLY long..

Ridiculous.

But so worth the food!  Plus they put out some kind of bread and drinks so that you're not starving while waiting for the hour or so.

The lady next to me ordered some Nutella stuffed crepe.... If I knew her I wouldn't be able to keep my fork off of her plate either!

I ordered a garden egg white omelet. Yummy but nothing out of the ordinary! That's probably what I get for trying to eat healthily..."
"Note to self: don't order off the ""healthy"" menu.

3 of us recently got what we all thought was the oatmeal waffle, which sounded awesome on paper. It turned out to be more of a whole wheat waffle.. no one tasted oatmeal. And it was way too light and fluffy, and without any fruit on top!

Still love the atmosphere, the CREAM OF WHEAT (drool. seriously), and the ginormous serving sizes. But this waffle itself was just disappointing."
The best part about this place is the homey feel and wonderful service. Shayna is a doll! The food was fantastic,  too- I highly recommend the crab cake Benedict.  Huge chunks of crab alongside their yummy home potatoes.  And the Cream of Wheat?? PHENOMENAL!!! Unlike anything I have ever had! This place is definitely worth a stop, and we went on a weekday at 11, so we didn't have to wait for a table, either :-)
"This place is amazing, and I wish I had found out about it sooner! The portions are very generous, so come hungry. The ambience is really nice and charming--a friendly, family-owned local business.

The fresh fruit was wonderful, and the waitress kept our coffee cups full. On my belgian pancake came fresh berries (in February!) topped with homemade whipped cream (yummm) and maple syrup. In addition, my meal came with orange juice, eggs, sausages, and potatoes. Holy crap.

My date had the Portuguese breakfast. In reference to the comments below--yes, that breakfast IS a Portuguese breakfast. There is meat, cod, and more. Don't order it if you don't want a Portuguese breakfast. The omnivore in us both, however, thought this breakfast was pretty awesome.

I definitely plan to bring family & friends for the affordable, generous brunch. I'm really excited to come back during spring and summer so we can sit on the patio beneath the grapevines!"
Really enjoy having breakfast at this restaurant. We usually only go here when the weather is nice because of the outdoor seating. During the winter months, the inside of the restaurant is very small and crowded. There is ALWAYS a wait so be prepared. We have waited over an hour before- but it's worth it. Everything I've order has been yummy and the service is good.
I've been going here for years so the fact that there's always a long line and cramped seating doesn't bother me, I'm used to that. if it's nice out sitting outside is a bonus to the good food and friendly service.  ya the line is long and sometimes it's cold waiting there 20 minutes but they have a coffee pot right outside for their customers to drink while they wait and that's very nice of them I think.
"I came here by accident when one morning Union Square donuts were all out. First of all, the cream of wheat here is magic. Usually cream of wheat is bland and rather unfulfilling, but The Neighborhood makes theirs sweet and creamy and flavorful as FUH. There are really no English adjectives to describe the taste - just try it. Best part, it comes complimentary with the food order, with fresh squeezed oj and unlimited tea or coffee. There's a choice between cream of wheat and fruit of the day, which is always good as well, but I will probably always choose the cream of wheat.

From there, the meal got better. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with avocado and bacon and my companion ordered linguica with eggs and fried banana. An assortment of toast with homemade jam (from homegrown grapes) came with the order. The sauce on any eggs benedict is crucial, and this place nailed it. The fried banana was done to perfection. Portion size and the service were both hearty. I'd happily get fat from being a regular here."
"Visiting Boston for my five year graduate school reunion (I cannot believe it has been so long), I wanted to take my husband to a number of my favorite restsurants, The Neighborhood Restaurant being one of them. It was his favorite of all the places I took him too! As always I wasn't disappointed. The staff is always friendly and I love that they provide coffee and a snack out front as there can be a wait sometimes. We were seated pretty quickly and I of course had to get the amazing cream of wheat. Seriously I have dreamed of this stuff since leaving Boston. I don't know what they put in it, but it is anazing. I also, at the waiters suggestion, got an Eggs Benedict with corn beef hash (I couldn't decide between the two so he said, ""why not both?""). My husband got the Porteguese breakfast which he loved. All of you lucky enough to live near this place , eat there frequently!"
This is one of my favorite brunch spots - I love both the ambiance and the food. The multi-grain french toast is deelicious, and sitting outside under the grape vines with friends on a beautiful spring or summer day is lovely. You should definitely plan to wait anywhere from 30-60 minutes, which is the only negative. Grab a coffee at Bloc 11 down the road and plan on the wait being part of the Neighborhood brunching experience.
"The outdoor seating is very pleasant. It always seems to be full of children, but they are somehow never loud and irritating the way children tend to be at restaurants (magically well-behaved Somerville children? works for me).
Nothing fancy, but huge portions and excellent prices. Though truthfully all I ever want is a giant bowl of cream of wheat. Or possibly three."
"Everything is great here, but get something with a Portuguese twist like the portuguese sweet bread french toast, or the linguica eggs and fried plantain or, for the adventurous the Portuguese breakfast! 

But...  I cannot stress enough...The best part of the meal....

Get the Cream of Wheat... Really Cream of Wheat? YES, Cream of Wheat, CREAM OF WHEAT!

It's free with your meal, f-the fruit!  Be a fatty, get the CREAM OF WHEAT!! 


Oh, and um, the outdoor patio is amazing..."
Amazing mom and pop establishment.  I'd recommend getting a huge bowl of cream of wheat (strange, I know) and sitting outside under the hanging grape vines.  Delicious, no-frills brunch at an absurdly cheap price.
My new favorite place to brunch!  Quite the extensive menu, which includes the usual: pancakes, sausage, bacon, eggs, etc. and the not so usual: linguica (portuguese sausage).  You get OJ, coffee, and fresh fruit (or cream of wheat) with every order which is a very huge plus.  Their home fries were exceptionally delicious; seasoned well with that sometimes hard to achieve sector of flavor some call umami. One of the specials included a belgian waffle with a huge dollop of marscapone cheese and fresh berries: nothing short of amazing.  Nothing better than sitting outside enjoying lotsa, lotsa yummy breakfast foods on a warm summer morning (or afternoon).  Service was also fast, yet still very friendly.
"(1) A 2200 calorie breakfast/brunch worth waiting in the street for. 

(2) Get the authentic Brazilian sausage.  

(3) Get the cream of wheat.  Rumor has it that the secret lies in the condensed milk.

(4)  Be prepared to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom.  Just don't look at the floor. 

(5) Be prepared to work on your acrobat skills if you're taller than 5'7' and need t use the toilet. 

(6) Be careful: parking may be a problem because there's a militant meter maid lurking around Somerville's Union Square on the weekends."
"First time trying portuguese style breakfast. Personally, I was not a fan of my dish. I was told ahead of time that the linguica would taste different from chrorizo, but I was curious and gave it a try. Nope, not the same. The linguica doesn't have a kick to it. Pancakes and homefries were not anything extraordinary. A couple of my friends raved about the cream of wheat, but I just found it meh. 

Cute outdoor patio seating area. Servers were all extremely friendly and helpful. I would still recommend folks to come try it out. It's not my go-to brunch spot, but it might be yours."
This place is awesome. First, since they are so awesome there is a link outside, but they provide free coffee and pastries while you wait. Then, you get inside this cozy little breakfast place and are immediately given free OJ. Their speedy waitress is quickly ready to take your order and the menu is large and has something for everyone. I got a #22, which is an omelet with cheese, tomatos, onions, peppers and mushrooms and devoured it. I was so happy that it was a REAL omelet since the last breakfast place I went just gave me scrambled eggs. I highly recommend eating here and hope to again soon
Casual, friendly dining spot in Somerville. Blueberry pancakes (extra $0.75 for blueberries) and linguica (Portuguese sausage) comes with unlimited coffee or juice, choice of cream of wheat or fruit salad for $10. Blueberry pancakes were very fresh but nothing to write home about. Linguica had great flavor but was burnt on the ends. You definitely need to get the cream of wheat. It was the highlight of the meal - it  comes in a large bowl with just the right amount of sweetness. I would come back for it alone. Overall, service is excellent, food is decent, and the prices are very reasonable.
"Now that summertime is right around the corner i find it appropriate to share with all ya'll of the utter splendor that is the Neighborhood.  

So what does this amazing brunch spot have to do with summertime?  What a great question.  The neighborhood has one of the best outdoor dining patios in all over Boston.  The entire patio is covered by grape vines.  Beneath the jungle canopy of vines are a wide array of picnic tables and patio furniture for your dining pleasure.

They do have indoor seating and are open year round, but for me... this place is all about the patio.

OK, aside from the totally awesome patio, they know how to treat you right.  As you soon as your seated, you are greeted by your server who already has some OJ in a mini cup as well as some cream of wheat or fresh fruit cup.  Now your getting this little taste as your getting your menu.  I can't tell you how crucial it is, to get immediate sustenance after a night of heavy drinking.  

So lets discuss the menu.  first off its frigging like 6 pages long, not to mention double sided.  They have ever possible omelet combination known to man.  One other item of note is that this place is run by some Portuguese or Brazil folks who know about the magical wonder of linguisa.  So you can get yo self a linguisa omlet if so desired.  

The quality of the food is not the top shelf, but what they lack in quality then more than make up for in quantity."
After a vacation in Denver I realized the Boston area does not give breakfast the respect it deserves. That is until I found this place. BEST breakfast place around! Outside under grapevine awning is great ambiance. You are served a starter of either watermelon or cream of wheat escalating breakfast to a dining experience. Homemade cornbeef hash was excellent as was everything we ate. Girlfriend raved about the Cream of Wheat.
Nice breakfast spot. The line is usually huge but they offer you coffee and toast while you are waiting for your turn. The breakfast menu is big and the prices are low. On top of it they offer you juice and a pudding with your meal. The only downside of this spot is how small it is. It feels very very crowded inside.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

That is what you and your tummy says when you leave The Neighborhood. I really can't say enough good things about this place. Some people may be turned off by the fact that it is a bit cramped and very busy, but I had one of the most pleasant dining experiences of my life here.

Brought to a table quickly, we were immediately given water, OJ, our choice of cream of wheat or fruit salad, and offered coffee. We talked and sipped coffee as we waited for our meals to come, and the friendly buzz around us was no detraction whatsoever from the experience. Who wants to eat in a morgue anyway?!

(ps CANNIBALS!)

Highlights included the linguica (but the 'c' has a tail!) which was so happy in my belly and on my tongue, and the fried banana. I thought the very idea of frying a banana a concept from a fried brain, but it caramelized the outside to crunchy niceness, and the inside was warm and gooey. Treat!

All this for a super cheap price ~$10 (ha I used a tilde!) is amazing. You will guaranteed get a good home breakfast at the Neighborhood. 

It was like Free Hugs except without having to touch a weirdo!"
"Just the best. place. ever. I can't say enough good things. Huge portions, great price, lots of free things!, and a great, neighborhood feel. 

If you order waffles or pancakes, you also receive an entirely separate plate of eggs, bacon, hashbrowns etc. 


Free coffee (and often bread or treats) while you wait.

Only con is it is small and the tables are crowded. However, the patio opens in the summer which more than doubles the space."
"Fast for at least a week before coming to this Somerville breakfast institution. Your meal is literally served on at least 3 different dishes. Also, no matter what time of day, expect at least a 30-40 minute wait. But don't worry; the wait is worth it.

Sit down and get a cup of joe; pick from either fresh fruit or Cream Wheat as a starter; and make your breakfast choice. The Crab Eggs Benedict or Coconut French Toast are always safe bets. And like I said earlier, your main course comes with 2 plates of sides."
The breakfast is good, don't get me wrong. That has all been well covered. What has not been mentioned, though, is that Thursdays and Fridays (and maybe even Saturdays) in the summer they open the patio, serve wine and beer, and have a hearty Potuguese buffet (lots of vegetables, seafood, and sausage). 4-9pm, I believe. The owners will probably be out there with you -- it's like they're just having you over the house. Classic New England hospitality (stop laughing, I'm serious).
"The Neighborhood is, in a word, overrated. The food is decent, and the kitschy patio is lovely. But I cannot for the life of me understand why people WAIT IN LINE FOR AN HOUR to eat here. 

Go on a weekday morning when you happen to have the day off. It will be wonderful! But on the weekend? Use that hour to do something more interesting, like sleep."
This place is amazing. The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating. They even provide free hot and iced coffee while you're waiting to be seated! The wait can be a little long, but it's well worth it. Food is excellent and quickly served. Would highly recommend to anyone!
"Neighborhood restaurant, how doth thou love me?

Let me count the ways:
You love me with hot coffee and muffins before I even open the door, hanging on the sidewalk and people-watching is almost fun here on a sunny day.  
You love me with your awesome patio with dappled sunlight and birds singing while I eat.
You love me with the cream of wheat, fresh fruit, coffee, orange juice, toast and muffins that you bring to everyone who sits down, no matter what they order.
You love me with your diverse crowds all squeezed in for breakfast and being friendly.
You love me with linguica and yummy eggs.
and you by being good food cheap, you love me best of all.

This place is great.  Not for the service, which is uneven and sloppy, or even for the food, which is always good but rarely anything mind blowing, but just for heaping on the (food and) love.  I can see where some of the less than great reviews come from, this is maybe 3 star service and 4 star food, but the Neighborhood will always rate 5 stars with me for bringing so much good food cheap, for laying on the love, and for being the kind of place I want to be when I am still waking up."
"OH my darling... I miss you so, so much!

Every time I venture back to E. Massachusetts, I try to make it for Sat/Sun brunch.

Such delights that abound!  The whipped cream of wheat, swirled to perfection, creme de la creme, apple of my eye.  The fruit, depending on which season, goes from 'meh' to 'bleh' to 'right on!'  Fresh squeeshed OJ, Tea, Coffee depending on your preference that morning.  The cornbread that they feed you to stave off your hunger BEFORE you even get seated.  OHHHHH soooo GOOOOD.

The pancakes, waffles, eggs, homefries, omelettes, mmmm.... 

I have to stop writing before I cry.  I miss this place!!!"
"The food is all about gigantic proportions here and frankly, the food is good, not great. But... for the portions, the fun atmosphere, and the feeling that you've found a neighborhood gem, I give this place 4 stars.

Everyone gets a plate of muffins/ pastries and a glass of ""orange juice"" with your order. The juice is more like ""Sunny Delight"" than real OJ. But.... I still love the sweet beverage enough to ask for more some days. ALWAYS get the CREAM OF WHEAT when given a choice of this or fruit. It totally rocks. This is what I love the most about this restaurant. I asked a cook what he puts in it and he wouldn't say.

The pancakes, waffles, sausages and omelettes are all incredibly filling and you're going to want to take a nap after this. It's nothing fancy as far as preparation goes. It's standard diner fare with a more home-y, family dining room. I've never eaten out on the patio but it's pretty big and I'd imagine it'd be fun in the summer."
Great breakfast menu. Most diners require verbal gymnastics to get the right mix of sweet and savory sides, here they've already come up with the perfect mix right on the menu. The place is on a side street with a good amount of street parking. Coffee out front while you wait.
The lines are long, but this place is definitely worth the wait. Make sure to try their cream of wheat! Great place for breakfast! Parking is difficult.
"Don't question it. Just try this place. Friendly, down to earth service truly makes you feel like you're apart of the ""neighborhood"". It's so hard to decide what to eat with a menu like theirs! I opted for the whole wheat french toast made on their home made bread, eggs, bacon, cream of wheat, home made toast, oj, and coffee. All this for a super reasonable price. It was actually so much food I had to take french toast, bacon, and toast home! The cream of wheat will not disappoint and you MUST try! Have to say, this is the first place I've eaten in a while that I felt like I was really getting my $'s worth."
"I thank my lucky stars for whoever gave me a heads-up about this place.  But four years ago I was introduced to this tiny, somewhat hidden gem of a brunch place.  

I don't mind the wait.  Wherever you go for brunch in the city, if you don't have a reservation - and c'mon, can you REALLY depend on getting your ass up for a reservation on Sunday morning, no matter how aware you are of the delciousness that's coming your way?? - you've got to bank on waiting for a table.

Cream of wheat, delish.  Pancakes, delish.  Service, outstanding.  Ambiance, adorable, as in going to my grandmother's house when she stopped caring if the mugs all matched one another.  Likewise, all of their dishes, silverware, etc are a jumbled mix and match of stuff that you'd find at a flea market.

I love this place for it's attitude, casual and homey, and of course, the cream of wheat and pancakes."
"With 200+ reviews of The Neighborhood Restaurant, there's not much more I will be able to say that hasn't already been said.  If you haven't been here yet, you really should.  We arrived early on a Sunday morning, which is smart because this place is small in the winter (no outside dining) and very popular.  Portions are HUGE and everything is like the best you've ever tasted.  

The Cream of Wheat is a must!  

Q. How do you make something good for you TASTE really good?
A.  Make it bad for you.

I suspect the secret to the cream of wheat here is CREAM.  Heavy and lots of it.  The perfectly baked butter and brown sugar pear our waitress gave us to go with it didn't hurt, either.  

Also, the place is a BARGAIN. Every order comes with coffee, juice, toast, potatoes, meat, cornbread and more.  

Go."
"Been here a few times now. While their main entrees are amazing, I have to honestly say that I come here when I'm craving their cream of wheat. 

Like so many others have pointed out, this place is such a great deal. With your meal, you get free cream of wheat or their fruit option (this was a delicious baked apple the last 2x I was there), small glass of orange juice, and bottomless coffee. Most of their entrees are about $12-13 and come with toast and/or home fries etc. The only con is that their tables are not big enough to house all the food that they give you. 

It's so much good food for a really good price. Yes, be prepared to wait a while if you go during prime time. But I think that they do a really good job of being attentive and getting parties in and out quickly without ever rushing us while we're seated. They're simply too popular. My boyfriend and I typically don't like waiting, so we just go during off hours when we can get seated immediately or it's just a minimal wait."
I don't know how people could only give this place four stars.  I guess they don't live in my area where there are no breakfast options like this.  They get five stars from me just for ambience, free plate of muffins and buttered bread, free orange juice, the great breakfast specials, and of course, the CREAM OF WHEAT!!  I initially thought that this cream of wheat would not win me over.  What could possibly be special about this bland wintertime breakfast fare?  Well, I don't know how they make it, but I want to go back just to get a bigger bowl of this stuff.  Five stars for that alone.  You who gave this four stars should take a trip to the burbs and find out just how good this is.
The cream of wheat was tasty, a little too sweet though.  I had the broccoli cheese omelette which was good, but had a bit of a strange sweet taste to it.  Home fries were pretty good, but again had a strange taste to them. Coffee was meh, bread was soggy.
"1. GET THE cream of ""crack"", i mean ""wheat"", recommend it over fruit any day / any dish (the fruit is just cantaloupes and honeydew which is meh (maybe it's not strawberry season.)
2. we got the whole wheat french toast off the healthy menu with vanilla yogurt and granola and it was delicious!! it came with a side of egg white scramble that was really great, the broccoli had a delicious crisp and flavor
3. feta and veggie omelet was cool, but i liked the egg white scramble that came on the side of our french toast even more, go for that! 
4. DELICIOUS rice and beans! :) we devoured it."
"My friend just moved into a new place right around the corner, so we tried Neighborhood for the first time this AM. 

I didn't read any reviews in advance, so didn't know what to expect. I was a bit taken aback by the ""cream of wheat or fruit?"" when we first sat down, along with the coffee and juice that appeared out of nowhere. After consulting the menu, I was pleasantly surprised it was included, even though I had passed on the fruit. Next time!

I had the breakfast sandwich with linguica on sweet bread. Holy yum, it was DELICIOUS. I LOVE linguica and sweet bread, so stumbling on a Portuguese breakfast spot by accident was a great start to my Sunday morning. The home fries were also super yummy. 

The portions were HUGE and the price on my breakfast was unbeatable, $5.50 for my enormous sandwich and side of home fries plus bottomless coffee and the fruit or cream of wheat I passed on. The combo plates are pricier, but again, the portions are ridiculous and they include a ton. 

Service was friendly and efficient, I think every person in the restaurant helped us at some point. The whole ""sign in outside"" thing is a little weird if you haven't been there before, but there's really NO room inside to wait, and they have coffee for you out there while you wait. 

They lose one star for being cash only, I NEVER carry cash, so it's definitely a drawback (luckily my friend had enough to cover us). Don't get me wrong, this place is good enough that I'll plan ahead next time!"
"Can't really complain about this place.  Has everything you could expect for rock-bottom prices, and more.

Food: solid diner food, but the portion sizes are insane.  Unlimited coffee, teas, hot chocolate.  Free glass of OJ to start.  Fresh fruit or cream of wheat included with every meal (get the cream of wheat).  Every entree, almost without fail, comes with eggs, home fries, and sausage/bacon.  Nearly everybody leaves with doggy bags.  Guys, you get a lot of food.

Atmosphere: lively, crowded diner, but not in a bad way.

Service: fast, attentive, and friendly.

Price: Crazy cheap for the amount of food you get.  Full meals between $8-$10."
The Neighborhood restaurant doesn't take reservations so when you arrive you need to sign up on the list on the clipboard at the front. The line is usually 45 minutes to an hour but they're nice enough to set up a coffee and lemonade station with some bread for you to enjoy while you wait. When you finally do get in they'll seat you outside in the patio area under these beautiful grape vines. As soon as you're seated you get unlimited coffee or tea, a glass of orange juice and cream of wheat or a bowl of fruit. Go with the cream of wheat, it's so good. This is all included regardless of what you actually order for brunch. I ended up choosing the pancakes. You get three pancakes with butter and syrup. They came with a whole other plate with three poached eggs and some home fries. The pancakes were so fluffy and they'll melt in your mouth. They were the highlight of the meal, so light and fluffy! You also get a full container of syrup for the table so you can add syrup to your heart's content. But wait there's more, you also get toast, and a muffin with some jam! The best part was that all of this amazing food was under $10. The Neighborhood restaurant has some faults, with the long lines especially in the summer heat and the birds that surround the patio area but all in all it's a great place to go with friends to get generous portions of food at a great price!
"It's tiny, tiny inside and the lines are long on the weekends, but there's a quick turnover and free coffee while you wait.

The breakfast menu is nice and varied so you won't have a problem trying to find something you like. I also like how there's always a piece of sausage with your meal--kind of like how they give bread at some restaurants. I tend to have to take half of my meal home with me and end up feeling like a dork carrying out my breakfast in a styrofoam container.

Special note: there's one table on the left when you walk in underneath a sloped ceiling. I've confidently stood up only to whack my head and sit right back down. This happened four times that day. And to make matters worse, our food slipped off their queue and our waitress didn't seem to notice. I had to go to the back and find her and then I offered to cook it myself. I would have spit in my food too. But, I'm sure this was an isolated incident."
Good food great neighborhood gem but really bad service.   Our waitress brought out wrong items, gave people the wrong food at the table and really was not all that attentive.   I would go back as the food was fresh and fantastic.  It is definately worth another visit.
"My friend told me that this place is known for great cream of wheat.  I had never had cream of wheat before and found it to be good, though very creamy and too heavy for me.  

Breakfast there was great, especially their specialty pancakes.  My friend loved her pumpkin pancakes.  And if you like meat, the Portuguese breakfast was good, though a bit too heavy for me also (maybe because of the fried items).

Overall, this place was good and gave lots of food."
In the summer, the ambiance is very nice. Their cream of wheat is to die for. Home made breads, jellies and muffins are fantastic. They definitely put love into everything they make.
"This outdoor, greasy spoon brunch spot feels like a 4th of July cul-de-sac cookout, but for breakfast.

For $8.50 including tip I had a diner-level meal of cream of wheat, eggs, hash, toast (homemade), a muffin (hm), jam (hm), coffee and a chaser of OJ.

It's hard to find anything to add to previous reviews, but here are my two cents:

Arrive before 9:30 and you won't have to wait much. (Or sleep in and get a USD appetizer while you wait haha)

Order the cream of wheat! I didn't even know what that was before coming here, but now I do: yummy.

This is no trendy, gourmet brunch fest, but it is perfect for a sunny, simple Saturday morning."
"mmmm the Neighborhood. Breakfast place extraordinaire. 

I've been going to the Neighborhood about as long as long as I have lived in Somerville. Saddle up to the door/patio, write your name on a list, grab yourself a coffee and maybe baked good and just chill. If its after 10, you will wait. You've been warned. 

Every meal starts with seasonal fruit or cream of wheat (CoW). The CoW is pretty amazing. They don't mess around with the amount of cream and it pays dividends. But that could be a meal in itself. So buyer beware. 

The specials page is lengthy and almost every meal comes with a 2nd meal built in. Belgian waffles, yup, you get a side of eggs, meat and homefries. Omelette, hell lets throw in some pancakes on the side. What I mean to say is come hungry friends. Come hungry. There is also toast/baked goods for the table and typically you get a small glass of OJ with the special (didn't get one this last time, damn shame). 

I had a nutella/strawberry crepe last time (with side of eggs and homefries) and it was ON POINT. Perfect amount of food. Normally I have to take leftovers. 

For the adventurous types, try the traditional peruvian special with gems like codcakes, shrimpcakes, linguica, etc..."
"This place was great. It was a cold, slushy morning and we had to wait outside for about 20 minutes with a party of 5, but it was well worth the wait. They provide complimentary coffee and baked goods for everyone waiting outside - so nice!

All the breakfast specials ($13) are delicious and come with lots of complimentaries. They brought us more coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice immediately. Shortly after, the waitress came by with a plate of fresh fruit and the cream of wheat each. This alone could have been my breakfast! All of this was at no extra charge. It took me by surprise as most other places charge by the item. Great homey service. Excellent value.

In our group, we got the french toast, blueberry pancakes, a crepe, and eggs benedict. Everything was wonderful. I loved my eggs benedict, but the bites I had of the blueberry pancake were probably the best pancakes I've ever had.

Parking was easy. We parked about a block away on a side street that had 2-hour parking. This place is cash only, but they have an ATM inside. I'm in Newton, so this place isn't in my neighborhood, but I will totally go back."
What an amazing find!  Less than a half hour walk from Harvard Sq, so definitely a nearby gem for Cambridge residents.  The wait can be long, but they were awesome and put coffee and delicious marble cake outside for everybody in line.  Def a nice touch.  As soon as you're seated, there's unlimited tea, coffee, or hot cocoa served instantly.  Also a glass of OJ.  And a choice of cream of wheat (amazing as others have noted) or fruit (not that great here).  Brunch portions were epic, and they were even flexible about making minor changes to dishes.  We had the french toast and an omelette and loved every bite.  Great service, cozy, tasty, awesome all around!
"A bedrock of Union Square, The Neighborhood offers delicious food, a relaxed, community-oriented atmosphere, and tasty Portuguese pastries for a reasonable price. I've only been over the summer, so I can't actually speak to what it's like indoors, but Neighborhood has a really lovely trellised patio with hanging ivy and lots of quirky, colorful decorations. 

The Neighborhood is always hopping on a nice weekend morning/afternoon, so expect some wait time. If you come solo or with only one other person, you're liable to get seated on a picnic bench with another two-some, which is often totally adorable. This quirk speaks to the general tendency of Neighborhood to uphold its tradition of a more leisurely pace of life, multiple courses (don't eat before you go.. like, for a few days), and, well, neighborhood-y atmosphere. 

One drawback is that, for most people, Neighborhood offers you altogether too much food: a large main course, a starter (fruit or cream of wheat-- despite natural inclinations otherwise, I implore you to get the cream of wheat, it is heaven on earth), juice, coffee, and pastries. Occasionally the thought of how full I always feel afterward has dissuaded me from going. But,  generally, this place is simply lovely; a family-owned business to treasure."
"This is one of best kept secrets of Somerville.  Tucked away from the T and the crowds (for now) in Union Square, this place comes alive in late spring and summer, when they open up the outdoor patio for dining.  When I'm there I feel like I'm displaced, spending a lazy sunday in Southern California.  The arbor above the tables provides perfect shade, and the dappled sunlight through the leaves is gorgeous.

And while the atmosphere is what really wows me, the food is also great.  I have only ever had breakfast here, but it's always spot on.  And I took my mother here for brunch on Mother's day and even though she isn't a big breakfast person, she too was thoroughly impressed.

The wait is a little long, but it's completely worth it."
"By far our favorite brunch spot these days. Excellent food and fantastic service. Portions are excellent. For about 8 bucks you get a huge meal (like, omelet and and home fries), a basket of toast for the table, fruit cup or cream of wheat, OJ, AND all the coffee you can drink. Who can beat that? 

They also have larger plates that are splittable.

Be prepared for a line during peak times. 

During warm weather the patio dining is just so cool!!!

Very good."
One of the first breakfasts I had in the area. Went there on a Monday morning, so it was me & my friend and two other tables. I can imagine this place being like a crowded, sweaty club for Sunday brunch, but it was great when I went. Had the linguica & cheese omelette with the fresh fruit to start. Omelette was great, not greasy at all, and the free glass of juice they give you with breakfast is just so damn good! As others have commented, the bathroom is located in the kitchen, which gave me the creeps going in there, and if you're taller than 5 feet, be prepared to crouch when using the facilities. Despite the shortcomings, no pun intended, of the bathroom, the food and friendly staff earn this place 4 stars.
"Great brunch. 

I came to the Neighborhood over the summer when the outdoor patio was open. Eating under the vine canopy roof was lovely. I have been warned that the wait for brunch is crazy, luckily we came around 2 pm and got a table right away. 

So they give you a free cup of cream of wheat with your order. Porridge can only be so good and cream of wheat is not my favorite, but this was the BEST cream of wheat I have ever had. It was super creamy and just sweet enough. I could not get enough of it. I also really enjoyed the Portuguese breakfast plate and assorted bread plate that came after it. I left happy and satisfied. 

I look forward to returning."
"Eat breakfast in a patio covered by grapes vines 
Fill your mouth with waffles and sweet cream of wheat
Step into a Portuguese breakfast
bite by bite"
Yes, yes, yes! I am seriously picky about my Weekend brunch locations. This is a fantastic choice. Go! It's cheap, it's good, service is fast and courteous. The summers are best because of the grapevine roofed outdoor patio. So good. SO good.
"Great place to visit during  weekend. 
 Of course,  there  is always a line outside but you get to enjoy  complimentary  coffee  or hot chocolate. The wait time is usually  long for the food.You get complimentary coffee, orange juice and great cream of wheat with your order in the weekend while waiting .  Would love to come back again."
This places has one of the best eggs Benny's I've ever had. Also with their patio it's a great spot for a summer brunch
Great food!! I got takeout on a rainy day, just a 10 minute wait (there were lots of tables available around 1pm). The cream of wheat and pancakes (pumpkin) were very, very good. The other breakfasts I saw people getting looked good too. Very large brunch menu. Seating was not bad - they seemed to have a good number of tables, but the place is small/cozy. Service was pretty good. They took my order and got it to me pretty quickly. I'm going back soon!
"So many extra bonuses here! OJ, Cream of wheat or fruit, and some type of baked good come with every special! Oh, and coffee, tea or hot coco!
CASH ONLY
Tight squeeze inside. HUGE portions of food and the options go over 100 on the menu~ Everything we had was delicious!"
"Saturday @ 10, quoted wait time with 4 ahead of us was 30 mins, waited about 20. Service was good - quick and friendly with the waitress even taking a moment to appease my 4yo's questions about the grapes hanging over head. Atmosphere is laid back - picnic tables with umbrellas, all under the grape vines above. Music in background isn't too loud. 

Orders come with toast, homemade grape jelly, and some kind of cake. Toast is possibly homemade and very well buttered. Delicious with the grape jelly. Also get choice of fruit or cream of wheat with your meal. 

Cream of wheat was delicious - a little on the sweet side for me but so velvety smooth. Really good. 

Meals weren't the best I've had but were good. Home fries could've used a bit more seasoning. Generous portion of bacon given with meals. Total, before tip, came to $30, for food pictured. 

All in all, I'll be back for the laid backs and friendly service and good food."
Best breakfast that I've had in the greater Boston area in a long time.. Actually.. Ever! The free hot chocolate is so good....but it's not the same hot chocolate that you get when you order it at the table. Anyway, The food is so good and they even give you cream of wheat for free (and a bunch of other things like a shot of OJ, coffee, hot cocoa..) The only downside is that its CASH ONLY.
"Holy Heaping Breakfast Batman!

I went to Boston this past weekend and stayed with a friend. Said friend admonished me not to eat on Sat. morning as we were going to The Neighborhood in Somerville to have an $11 brunch. 

My stomach began growling around 11:00 as we headed over but then shut up when confronted with the mountains of Portuguese inspired breakfast in front of us.

We got to sit under the fake bird cage by the window and our tiny table was heaped with pancakes, waffles, home fries, eggs, toast, muffins and salad. All I can say is that my stomach was very happy after stuffing itself (I love potatoes and the home fries were some of the best I've ever had).

Go here if you have a limited budget and are hungry. Or just if you want to eat good food."
"There's free coffee and pastry thingies while you wait in the long, long line for brunch at The Neighborhood restaurant, which is a good sign.  These people want their customers to be happy, to feel welcome, and to eat--and eat a lot.

The portions are redonkulous and the food is so good you'll find yourself licking the plate clean even though there's no room left in your stomach for anything else.  Something about the Easter Egg colors of the patio works and it comes off feeling breezy and fun as opposed to cheesy and cheap.  This is the place to go hungry and have a nice, loooong meal."
"there are a couple of factors in giving the neighborhood 3 stars instead of 5. 
1, the bathroom is awkwardly in the kitchen. and there's ONE for the whole place.
2, we put our name down and the hostess said it would be 1/2 hour. well, after 2 more rounds of only 1/2 hour, we waited for 1.5 hours for a table!!! ridic. at least be honest and say it will be an hour and a half.

after finally sitting down, the waitress rolled her eyes when we asked her to get us assorted beverages and stuff. not the kind of treatment you want when waiting in the hot sun for 1.5 hours.

the actual ambiance is cute, they play chill backyard music and the bright umbrella tables were fun. when the food came out, the portions were BIG and the food tasted great. 

i just need to come back and if i get better service, ill up the stars. maybe it was a freak thing...since everyone else seems to have given 5 stars. we'll see!!!"
Cream of wheat I never knew I could love you so! Why oh why can I never make you at home the way I had you at the neighborhood! I've had issues with eating for the past year or so but I have to say the pumpkin pancakes were the best thing I've had in a long time. There was some shoveling action involved. I wasn't even hungry but it tasted good. This is  a great place for brunch but very crowded...people were definitely in my bubble!
We have been trying to eat here since we moved from the Cape in November! !! We signed in and had about 30 minute wait and it was well worth it !!! Cream of wheat off the charts waffle with the freshest of fruit the ham and eggs great steak tips to perfection and toast was AWESOME !!! Got a loaf of bread to go for $1 !!! Also added a muffin to our bill for $1 which will be picked up today for homeless shelter PLEASE IF YOU EAT HERE ADD A MUFFIN FOR THE HOMELESS! !! STAFF SO FRIENDLY AND FOOD IS GREAT !!
This place is great -- tons of good food that never stops coming and really friendly wait staff. We walked in and they immediately gave us juice and urged us to try their signature baked apple and cream of wheat. The cream of wheat in particular was creamy and delicious. We had waffles and the avocado, eggs, and bacon special. Everything was cooked just right but the home fries in particular were amazing.
"Well, seeing I live down the street I went over there after reading all these reviews. 
It was damn good!

Since I went at 7 AM it wasn't crowded but it got busy by the time I left, around 7:45. Service is slow I think by design, it's not your typical diner that rushes you in and out. 

The cream of wheat was amazing, and I had scrambled eggs w/ cheese and tomatoes with sweet bread, coffee and OJ. The only negative was the coffee (Maxwell house I think) but the rest was amazing. I had to make sure the guy billed me right, because $7.38 didn't seem right WAY too cheap for the amount I ate! Anyway, I left a $10 and was extremely happy. 
Try it!"
"I'm confused by the other reviews. This place was a total pain in the ass. The service was HORRENDOUS. I don't think I'm a diva or anything, but I'd like to be checked on once or twice; our server completely abandoned us after taking our orders. I didn't even have utensils when my fruit came so I had to go beg for it. The menu had lunch listed, and it was 1:30pm, but they had no lunch. My food finally came when everyone else in my group was practically done eating -- literally 20 minutes after the first person's food came. Yeah the food was good, but brunch food is pretty much always good. Nothing mindblowing. I got french toast, it was okay, needed butter but I didn't know how to get it since we had no service. I ate it while everyone else waited and a couple flies buzzed around. Then I waited for some interminable amount that seemed like hours before I finally went and got a to-go box myself. It's cash only by the way. I also think it's kind of annoying that tea or coffee is include in the price, because I only wanted water and felt slightly ripped off by that. Overall, barely satisfactory.

I did choose the fruit, so maybe I missed out on whatever drug they must put in the cream of wheat to make everyone else so ecstatic."
Pretty delicious. Several other places nearby that are as good, so the line can be a force sometimes. Gluten free pancakes though- and delicious crab cakes, which unfortunately are not gluten free.
"I'd go out on a limb and say this is THE best place to get brunch in the Boston area.

No place is perfect, but this place is close.  Price, quality, wait (it can be long, but they give you coffee and pastries on the house), and uniqueness.  

Yes it's a little out of the way, but I actually see that as a plus.  Keeps the line down (unlike some grossly over-rated hipster breakfast places)."
"The Neighborhood is worth going to if only for their cream of wheat. It's absolutely crave-worthy. 
I've been here a bunch of times and never have left hungry. Most dishes are better than others but overall the food is good and the prices are great. I usually spend about $10-15 for brunch but that includes coffee, cream of wheat, bread (the corn muffin is delish), and a big plate of whatever I order."
The 5 stars could solely be for the complimentary cream of wheat (or choice of fresh fruit) they serve. I mean how do you make cream of wheat addictive? You also get orange juice AND coffee. Everything they cook is amazing - eggs, omelets, pancakes. I plan on trying everything. But don't expect private dining - you could be sharing a table with others. And on weekends, expect a bit of a wait. But it's worth it.
Absolutely love this place. I feel like it's reasonably priced for the amount of food they gave. On top they were always understanding whenever my EMS partner and I had to call to push back our pick up. They even kept our food warm when we called them letting them know we'll be late due to a call.
"I have nothing but adoration for this place. Yes, there is always a forever wait. Yes, it's a bit expensive for breakfast (special plates are around 11.99). Yes, paying in cash can be an inconvenience. But the spread is absolutely delicious and well worth the time and money spent. I enjoy everything here. The portions are huge, the selection mouth-watering. The cream of wheat is the most precious bowl of happiness that I've ever experienced at a breakfast table--- sweet, delicate, heavy and airy at the same time, you just need to try it! If someone filled up a swimming pool with the thing, I would jump in and eat my way out--- and I don't even know how to swim! The pancakes and waffles are perfectly pillowy. The fruit and berries atop are always fresh and ripe. Free coffee and tea and orange juice--sure they come in midget friendly size cups but when was the last time you had free coffee with free refills? It is also the only place I've seen linguica (spicy sausage) on the menu--- that's where the Portuguese come in, I suppose. The atmosphere further makes eating here a wonderful experience. It's patio umbrella seating--overhead, you have grapevines and bunches of grapes hanging--very charming and functional in that they provide added shade. On a hot summer morning, this is the perfect place to enjoy al fresco dining. You will feel pampered for the rest of your day.
Come early when the wait's not too bad--- however, if you have to share a table with other parties, chillax--- it's The Neighborhood Restaurant, take a seat and be neighborly."
"i LOVE this place! ride your bike or take the 87 bus over, pronto. it was sixteen bucks for both of us to eat, including two coffees, two orange juices, french toast, 3 eggs, 2 orders of homefries, toast, and mango-banana-papaya pancakes. lots of families and locals which i thought was really cute and nice. no pretention whatsoever which i love. i'm taking off a star for three things:
1. non handicapped accessible bathroom (my dad uses a motorized scooter and there's no way in hell he could navigate those stairs and i'm sad because he would LOVE this joint and it would otherwise be PERFECT because it has a lot of room outside for him to get around)
2. no vegan options (even the ""fruit"" that you get before your meal is like, one slice of watermelon) - which i didn't expect since it's a portuguese place, but i would like to be able to bring my vegan friends here since sitting outside here is so pleasant and i can't
3. no bloody mary or mimosa options! what's brunch without alcohol?"
"This place makes a beautiful breakfast. The less pleasing thing is when there's a line out the door and your eyes are literally eating everything people have ordered and have arrived. 

The Pros: The food is really good. Really good. Once you're seated and order, the foot comes out pretty fast. There's a good variety of it as well. Your meal comes with a large number of items, so you're really getting a lot of band from your buck AND supporting a small local business. 

The Cons: The wait takes a while. They also made me like Cream of Wheat, so now I order it at other places and hate it.  Parking is also abysmally absent."
Awesome place! Generous portions at a great price. A shout out to Sandy our server.... the staff was great! NOTHING bad to be said about the home cooked food we enjoyed. The outdoor under the grapevine picnic seating was cool comfortable relaxing with a down home feeling. Ill be sure to go back soon.
Great Food + Interesting Ambiance = one of my absolute favorite breakfast places!
LOVE the waffles. Super slow service on Saturday and Sunday mornings, however. Long ass wait.
"Always a great experience here.

I've been coming here for years and the food is always amazing. IMO it's the best breakfast place in Boston. The prices can't be beat either for the quantity and quality of food you get. Service is always friendly too.

Also the cream of wheat here is over the top good. Whatever they do to it makes it a real treat."
"OMG SO GOOD.

Yes, the cream of wheat is legendary and delicious. Try it, you'll like it!

Everything else is good. I had the corned beef hash. Mmmm...The portions are generous, so come hungry.

Service was great. On a nice day, the setting is beautiful outside under the grapevines. Come early or late for brunch. Anywhere in between, you better be prepared to wait for awhile."
"I'll be the first to admit - i didn't get it.  a run-down looking place in union square where indie rock/hipsters wait for more than an hour outside to get served breakfast.   How good can this breakfast possibly be?

But on a beautiful fall Sunday my husband and I decided to see for ourselves.  yes, we waited outside for more than an hour, yes the place looks rather dive like....but YES the food was totally worth it.

They have a unique Portuguese flare and serve breakfast combinations that differ from the usual - omelet, toast and homefries. It is extremely budget friendly....staff was exceptionally friendly and the food was superb. 

 Definitely worth the wait - assuming the weather is nice and you have two hours to devote to Sunday brunch...."
"The only reason Neighborhood doesn't get 5 stars is that the waits on weekends can get ridiculous. 

The food is excellent. I especially love the Linguica (omelette, sandwich, anything its in). For me, Neighborhood is the perfect mix of quality, serving size, and price. 

Its definitely one of my favorite places in Somerville."
Excellent food, excellent service, my favorite breakfast spot in Boston. They hook it up! Good vibes!
"I was expecting more from this place. I had book marked it a while back and finally ventured over for a Sunday breakfast with my eating buddy. The wait was minimal, thankfully it wasn't that cold outside. The dining room is squished! we were sitting at a 4-top that was split into 2 and we had to share all the condiments. No biggie, the people next to us...and I mean RIGHT next to us, were nice.
Friendly, efficient service and you really get your bang for a buck! $8.49 for the Neighborhood omelette....comes with small OJ, coffee, cream of wheat or fruit, toast and homefries. Wasn't a fan of the cream of wheat, but that's a personal thing, I don't like that consistency, but apparently it a hot item there. 
My omelette was ok, a bit on the salty side, could've used more cheese. I liked the thick wheat toast.

P.S. they only do cash, so bring it or be forced to use the sketchy ATM
P.P.S. don't sit at the table right behind the door, you'll be forced to get up and down when people leave the little table by the window. plus, when they deliver food/coffee to the window table, you have to say a little prayer they don't spill it on your head."
"Another crowded brunch place! Their food is very good, but with huge portions. The Boston Creme French toast is amazing, and so it their Portuguese Breakfast.
I really like their concept of unlimited coffee, and the inclusion of OJ and fruit bowl/cream of wheat with all their brunch options."
"I haven't exactly tried everything on the menu, but I feel jusified in saying that everything is, in fact, delish. The pancakes (pumpkin is a recent fave), the eggs, the meat (linguica - wow!), cream of wheat...everything is cooked to delicious perfection. 

I think though, some of the ""specials"" are kinda ripoffs. You pretty much get all the same food/juice/cream of wheat, etc. if you order off the regular menu anway and it's way cheaper. Just some food for thought.

The outside dining area is really cool, but sometimes too cool on those brisk mornings. And as much as the coffee will warm you up at first, you won't want to keep drinking it cuz its gross.

The wait on a weekend morning isn't so cool either, but you shouldn't be waiting more than 45 minutes. Is it worth a 45 minute wait? Perhaps, depending on the weather. Personally, I'll wait because the food is killer and the atmosphere kicks ass."
"This place has a few negatives, but the positives make up for it!

The place is tight and compact. They ask parties to share tables during the rush hours. The waiting area is outdoors. It was never made clear which server was actually our waitress, so we had about 6 different girls helping us. And of course, cash only.

Now for the positives. Free coffee and Portuguese sweet bread while you wait outside. Free coffee, orange juice, and your choice of fresh fruit/cream of wheat for all patrons. 

As for the food, I ordered from the specials menu. Pumpkin pancakes with apple cinnamon slices. The consistency of the pancakes was perfect; neither flat nor heavy. Rich pumpkin flavor that went very well with maple syrup. The meal came with 2 eggs, home fries, grilled ham, toast, and lettuce and tomato. All of this for $11.99. My friend ordered coconut almond french toast which was battered in coconut milk. I tried a few bites and it is a delicious take on french toast.  

The Neighborhood Restaurant and Bakery has high prices and great food. If you can tolerate the cramp quarters and confusing wait staff then you'll be able to enjoy one of the best brunches available.

Oh yeah, If you've read any of my other reviews, you'll know that I am cheap. This place is not cheap, but for once, I'm not complaining. The quality of the food is that good!"
Really enjoyed my breakfast! Long wait to get a table but free coffee while you wait. Food was good, service was excellent and prices are a bargain. Breakfast specials go for about $14. I had a large waffle with turkey bacon and scrambled eggs/spinach. Came with side of a baked apple or cream of wheat. (Both yummy!)  Can't wait until the weather warms up so their outdoor seating will be available.
One of the best breakfasts I've ever had! We were in town for a game, and stopped here after reading all the great reviews. They certainly lived up to their promise! I had the coconut French toast (made with homemade bread) and my husband had the crab cake eggs Benedict. Both were amazing. I loved that they had starters of either cream of wheat or baked apple, both of which were brimming with cinnamonny goodness. I was partial to the cream of wheat. :-) Definitely worth checking out! Oh, get there early because there will be a line.
"I miss the cream of wheat. Nothing better then in the winter to start out the day with their cream of wheat. The service is great and the baked goods can be fun since they bake different things everyday. 

Some times they even have a pouched pear for an app. Yum......you really get plenty of food here for your money. 

Although the line can be a pain they always say that its worth the wait!!! 

Wish they would open up a place in Houston."
The cream of wheat (grits) at this joint is pure mana from breakfast heaven.  That said, the rest of their food is only mediocre in my opinion, which was wicked disappointing the last couple times I've stopped in.
Breakfast till 4 pm? Massive quantities of food? Wide selection and delicious? The amount might put me right back to bed but thats ok. I always leave happy as kid during christmas.
"This place is phenomenal. I went for the first time this morning for brunch and could not have enjoyed it more. The set is such that you place your name and number of people in your party on a clip board outside. While you wait your turn, coffee and treats are provided outside to enjoy. 
The wait was not that long (15 minutes) considering the crowd of people hanging around outside and I liked that you must have all the members of your party when they call your name or it is on to the next name. I find this incredibly fair and time saving as they come back to you each time a new table is available before taking in people after you.
The menu is incredibly diverse and so are the prices. You can go crazy and get an  $11.00 plate special or stay on the regular side of the menu for more traditional brunch fare at around $7-$9. The portions are enormous for the non-specials and everything comes with a bottomless cup of coffee (which wasn't that bad at all), a small  glass of OJ, fruit or cream of wheat and toast for the whole table.
Now, I was skeptical about the cream of wheat for many reasons including the fact that I am usually not a cream of wheat type of gal. Geesh and holy hell is there cream of wheat delicious. I mean so delicious that I finished that instead of my second piece of french toast  (made with wheat bread but also available on white or sweet bread). My dish also came with awesome home fries and a cute little muffin for dessert (that I could not stuff in and sent home with another diner).
The servers in this small place were stellar. The place was hopping the entire time and they all maintained a pleasant and helpful demeanor. I was very impressed by the amount of attention paid to my table and any requests were met with a smile and promptly fulfilled. My party was never rushed and we all ate our fill for about $30.00 which is amazing for four people at brunch. I was more than happy to tip 20% and still consider the whole meal a wicked deal. I will be back, that is for sure."
After consulting my trusty pal Yelp, I headed off to The Neighborhood knowing that I would enjoy a great meal!   When it comes to breakfast, this place delivers.  It's impossible to leave The Neighborhood and still feel hungry.  The food is great and the portions are absolutely enormous (my breakfast special came with a plate of fruit, eggs, toast, hashbrowns, juice & coffee...all in ADDITION to the giant crepe I ordered).  They also have a great (and casual) outdoor patio covered in grapes vines.  What I like best about this place is the atmosphere- it's family run, and it shows- whether you're a local or not, you'll feel like this is YOUR neighborhood!
I would go back just for the cream of wheat, baked apple and bread, which all come included. The only thing that I am not crazy about is the coffee, too thin and weak. I would rather pay extra for a cup of good coffee.
Ok so i dont give out Five stars out very often but this place deserves one because im a sucker for amazing breakfast places and this is an AMAZING breakfast place. Small and cozy and the staff is amazing. Such great service and great food. my girlfriend is one of those people who have a hard time deciding what to get all the time on the menu. So this time she was deciding whether or not to get the french toast (which was amazing) or just the egg and potatoes. She asked the waitress what she should get and she told us that they are totally flexible with anything on the menu. Anyways long story short she went with the eggs and potato but was torn obviously with the decision. The waitress was so cool that she ordered her a single serving for her to try just for free. Lets just say that have customers for life! Check it out and and stuff your face. O yeah if your a fan of Cream of Wheat then definently  check it out because its free and amazing as well.
"Wow...fruit, omelette, toast, muffin, homefries and a tiny glass of OJ all for $7.99 and it was DELICIOUS. They have a gorgeous covered outside section and the staff is friendly and attentive. We happened to get there right before the breakfast rush which starts around 9:45am - it gets crowded quick and lines form early! I completely understand why -it's delicious. 

The have an extensive menu with lots and lots of meat. Linguica appears to almost always be an option as a meat side which is pretty hard to find in many places. 

While I was waiting for my friend, a woman walked by and just started talking about how lucky I was that I was going to eat there. It was super tasty!!! 

It's tucked away just outside of Union Square amidst tripple deckers so keep an eye out for it!"
You will love the cream of wheat.  So much really great food comes before you get your breakfast that you have to save room.  And I can't say too much for the coffee and lemonade that sits out in big pitchers for those who are waiting in line.  Yes, there is a line on popular days and its well worth the wait.  Plus, parking is easy in this part of Somerville.  So, all in all, The Neighborhood is a great place to take a large group for breakfast.
"Linguica, eggs, homefries, toast, but the greatest of these is linguica. It was spicy, cooked just right and there was a hearty portion of it. If you go to a place that specializes in Portuguese food, get something Portuguese. Get the linguica. 

The rest of the breakfast was good. The homefries were probably my second favorite, they were fresh and hot and flavored well. I wanted more of them. The eggs and toast were eggs and toast. 

Also had some sangria which had a ton of fruit floating in it. I found that it made the sangria a little too sweet, and it didn't taste strong to me but I didn't finish the whole glass (which was sizable) so I don't know for sure. 

Waitstaff were busy but friendly, the atmosphere sitting outside was nice. Super shady under a living canopy of grape vines, brightly colored tables, festive feeling but very relaxed. 

Prices weren't as cheap as you can find for some breakfasts, but they weren't outrageous. My sangria and breakfast came out to be $20 with tip. Which is actually on the pricey side but I'm not sure how much the sangria factored into that.

We got there around 10:30 on Saturday, party of 2, and we ended up waiting for about 1.5 hours to be seated. They had help yourself coffee, iced tea and portuguese sweet bread though, which helped tide us over, and we were in no hurry. This doesn't seem the place to go to if you're in a hurry."
The perfect breakfast place does exist. This is such a cute outdoor patio restaurant for breakfast. Amazing atmosphere and complimentary cream of wheat with cinnamon and condensed milk is the perfect bonus.
"a normal person would not assume that cream of wheat be a religious experience. that person would be wrong. The Neighborhood does things with cream, lemon, cinnamon and supposedly wheat that makes everything else in your life OK. 

During the winter, you huddle inside the tiny brightly painted walls, and in the summer you sit beneath a grape arbor and watch corn grow in the garden along the fence while listening to 80s music. 

Their brunch is copious and magnanimous. also, awesome. the tables are too small for the pastries, orange juice, coffee, cream of wheat, eggs, potatoes AND coconut french toast. marscapone stuffed french toast. pumpkin pancakes. tropical fruit waffles. linguica. love."
"One of the best places for a breakfast/brunch. 

Good food, good portions and quite lively.

If you go on a nice day, you WILL have to wait, but its worth it. 

Only bad thing was that the place is a little cramped and difficult to move around, but the food compensates for it."
Excellent food, well-priced menu. Just make sure you don't go when you're already hangry, you'll probably have to wait a while. But it's well worth it!
"My boyfriend and I had many a breakfast/brunch date here, and I associate this place with love and happiness. That's number one. For the long lines in summer time, my tip is word games/people-watching/Hub Comics next door. 

The food is overwhelming in its portions. Ask for sugar-free syrup if you wish - they do have it. And in the summer, unsweetened iced tea is served in a GIANT tumbler for you.

They do have healthy options on the menu, so enjoy in good health! Bring your family and friends - this place is all about love!

Ps - the live grape vines are wonderful to sit under when the patio is open."
I came here 2 days in a row! I had a delicious salmon salad and brunch menu with eggs, French toast, turkey ham and grape fruit the next day! People are friendly there. I would love to go back there again :)
Good food!  Unique options.  Abundance.  Such awesome service!  Can't believe I didn't try this place after living in the area for so many years...  Definitely a new go-to breakfast, especially during the warmer months.  They have plenty of outdoor seating under a cool trellis with grapevines and flowers.  The first thing that struck me was that they offered serve-yourself coffee and bread while you wait.  You sign yourself in on a clipboard, maybe to free up the host to help out in the restaurant.  Once we were in (we only had to wait a few minutes), we were served by about four people in two minutes!  It was overwhelming (in a good way).  Someone brought over coffee, someone else brought fruit, and someone else asked us if we wanted any cream of wheat.  Then our waitress took our order.  The fruit, coffee, and cream of wheat comes with breakfast.  They had some different types of food that you don't see everywhere - Portuguese influenced I think?  Plus all the standards.  Portions were huge, the food was delicious, the service was amazing, and the prices were fair.  Definitely recommend it, but expect to wait on a weekend - it's no secret this place is amazing.
"I finally headed here with the sometimes-gf on my last weekend in somerville for brunch  (she refuses to go in the winter because she thinks its too small inside - claustrophobics take note!)

not that it needs another review, but the whole experience - sitting outside beneath a canopy of grapes on a nice sunny day, being stuffed with tons of delicious food, enjoying a nice relaxing brunch - was worth the comment. we were there almost 2 hours! from the size of the place, Im guessing thats not common with the indoor service. 

all of their meals come with coffee or tea, orange juice, super yummie homemade sweet bread muffins, and a side of fruit or cream of wheat. TRY THE CREAM OF WHEAT! I was amazed by how good it was. how can simple cream of wheat be so delicious? they put magic in it!

the portions are huge & the value for the price cannot be beat. for $20 we had several courses for brunch and still had to ask for take-away boxes. I liked the eggs & hashbrowns more than the pancakes or waffles, but overall the food was quality. next time I will have to try the linguica! I will definitely be making another trip here before the end of the summer. 

cash only, so be sure to hit the ATM first!"
"Waffle is delicious!!!

Good brunch but long long wait."
Breakfast is just about the only meal that will get me to leave he house, so I would consider myself well schooled. The neighborhood is hands down my favorite breakfast restaurant of all time.the cream of wheat is like nothing I have ever tasted before. How had I never even heard of such a delicious entree? Probably because there is none other worth the attention that this cream of wheat brings!
"Last Sunday, two friends out of town spent the weekend and after a long night prior, we decided a good hearty brunch was in order. Well after waiting over 45 minutes I assured my friends it was worth the wait. We did get seated outside (THANK GOD! the inside area is so crowded, elbow to elbow) under the grapes. Quiet frankly it was beautiful! 
Please note I have eaten here over a dozen times so I am very familiar with the staff, the menu etc. We were greated by one of the senior staff waitresses who quickly took our order, but never stopped by again. The busboy on the otherhand was amazing! He was attentive and rushed us over coffee....when we asked for butter from our waitress, it never came,...However the busboy was quick to jump to our every need. I wondered if he was the waiter? and she just the order taker? However when it came for us to pay, the waitress returned finally....asked if we wanted more coffee.~puzzled look~ I wanted to say nice to see you again after 60 minutes but just extended my hand for the check. We paid, left her an appropriate tip for the check. However we caught up with the busboy....who was extremely shy....and handed him a 20.00! Exceptional help is hard to come by these days...and for those behind the scenes...they too need to be noticed and praised! Excellent work young man. Hopefully one day you too an move up to seasoned wait staff and show the rest of them how its DONE!
BTW the food is and always has been DELICIOUS! To the Neighborhood restaurant: You havent lost a client.....I will be back. I just want you all to know that sometimes the ""LEADER"" is not always at her best performance."
omg .... what a place .I love love love it ...nice fast professional service .nice outside lovely sitting .nice homemade food .many extras .good coffee .and u know what else ??? me and my wife get two full lunch meal plus coffee drinks o.j and house salad and sodas ..guess how much 22 $ I really willing to pay 45 I was shocked .will be there many many time to try the breakfast too .perfect job guys
I had lived in Somerville for almost 30 years and never knew this place existed. It is absolutely wonderful!  So good that my husband and I went  twice for breakfast during our vacation week. We love the atmosphere and the food was incredible, especially the cream of wheat.
This place is awesome! The cream of wheat is really everything the other Yelpers say it is.  Portions are HUGE. We ordered Special #100 which was really enough for 2 or 3 people. Full-sized waffle with fruit, two eggs, ham, toast, muffins, OJ, tea and of course the cream of wheat... all for $10.99. What a steal! I'll be back for sure.
You must eat more than you are comfortable with because the food is delicious and they give you a huge amount!  I can't get enough of the cream of wheat they serve you as an appetizer.  Ridiculous.
"I am going to agree with everyone and their mom (and their cousin) and say this is the best place to get brunch in Boston. I've eaten some great brunch and I've eaten some crappy brunch everyone else said was great.

My bf and I walked out of here filled up for $14.07. $14.07. For coffee, tea, orange juice, water (sure that's free but I actually got it here unlike some places), fresh fruit, banana muffin, toast, home fries, eggs, linguica omelette. I was a little more than impressed.

I got the eggs (three of them!) and homefries which was around $5 and the BF got the linguica omelette. He was in heaven, I was satisfied (because scrambled eggs are pretty standard). I was more impressed that we got free OJ. Though served in dixie cup sized glasses, it was a nice touch and no one really needs 12+ oz of sugar juice. They had a huge menu and some excellent looking specials. The normal breakfast menu was under $10 with some things at a steal for $5. The specials were all $11.99 which seemed reasonable from how good they looked. 

The fresh fruit and toast were my only complaints. But hey, they were free and still good. The toast was four assorted pieces (with the pastry of the day an amazing banana muffin) so I had a nice piece of soft white and a harder roll-esque piece of white. I like a few pieces of white toast to splurge on at breakfast. I'll overlook that because the muffin was divine. DIVINE! The fruit was just boring hotel buffet fruit but it was a nice starter. I will def try the cream of wheat next time. 

The atmosphere was kitschy and everyone looked like family. My BF alerted me to ""The Situation"" who was bringing out food from the kitchen and I almost died laughing. All the servers were polite and yeah, they didn't fill up the coffee immediately but it was still fine. I wasn't rushed out of there and there was no line when we went in. It seemed like if there was a line, it would be managed well because of the list and the front server. Also, there was a low level of hispters which is good for Somerville/Cambridge. 

This place is basically what I like. They have low prices and amazing food, as well as extras that make you happy. And ""the Situation"" may serve you breakfast..."
Straightforward weekend brunch doesn't get much better than Neighborhood -- value, rotating specials, deliciousness, friendly local atmosphere, and on and on. The wait is always, ALWAYS worth it.
"It's been a while since I've been here.  But after this most recent visit, I can assure you it will not be as long until the next time.  While it was a little in the spring for the Patio to be open, it was still a killer experience.  We rolled up and put our name on the list, helped ourselves to free baked goods and coffee/ hot chocolate.

After about 20 minutes a table opened up and we strolled into the tightly packed restaurant.  Upon sitting down we were all brought a small OJ and a choice of a baked apple or cream of wheat.  The baked apple was good.  It would have been great if it was warmed through.  

I had the crab cake eggs benny and it was awesome.  I normally don't like home fries but these were amazing.  Way more food than anyone could eat.  

The service here is top notch.  Always friendly, Always affordable."
"best breakfast in the city since 1983.  first nice day this year. they make their own bread 

corn bread and jam... grow their own grapes done by july/aug. serve fresh fruit and 

cream of wheat... so i go in on my way to market basket and the girl/hostess says - im 

buying your breakfast! your lucky day! i do this once a day! ill be going there all summer!"
Really great food and not a bad wait to get seated. Friendly feeling from both servers and regulars. Good healthy options and just a lot of options in general. Love the fact that they give you yummy cream of wheat! Only bad thing is that they are cash only and they didn't bring us water with out asking for it.
The Neighborhood is one of my favorite places for brunch.  The menu is varied, with some yummy pancake and waffle specialties, and the portions are huge (e.g. I always have enough to bring home for breakfast the next day).  On a beautiful day, you can't find anything better than the fabulous outdoor space with the grapes above you on the trellis.  I don't think that any restaurant in Somerville or Cambridge has that much outdoor space.  It is a casual space great for all, but particularly for children, who have much to look at to keep them busy.  If I had the option to give it 4.5 stars, I would,  The only thing preventing me from giving it 5 stars is that sometimes you have to wait to get seated, and inevitably, the servers are busy, and sometimes a bit slow.  It isn't their fault, but is still enough for me say 4.5 vs. 5 stars.
"This place is good considering the prices. The food is ok with generous portions. 
There is a long wait, but they put out free coffee and cake for the folks in line - which is nice. 
The cream of wheat was good - I'm not sure what all the rave reviews are about.  The Portuguese breakfast and Eggs Benedict were good. 
Service was crazy - but they were pretty busy. They seated us with another couple at table for four. Then when the couple left they pounced on that table to clean it - thereby dropping a whole cup of coffee on me! They apologized but considering we were almost done, they could have waited another 5-10 minutes before descending on us!

Bottom line -its nice - nothing to write home about."
"Often times, me and my friends get into debates as to the best brunch/breakfast in Boston.  It's decidedly between Neighborhood Rest and Town Diner in Watertown, I often defend NR as teh bestzorz.

Get the cream of wheat fool, it's wicked.  Oh, and if it's raining outside and you drive by and there's no line...don't be fooled into thinking there is no waiting.  Yo arse will be shoved into the basement where you have to wait along with the dozens of others waiting.  If dozens of people are willing to wait in a 6 foot 2 inch dungie basement for some breakfast, you dam well know it's good food."
"This is hands down my favorite breakfast place, and I haven't even had the luxury of sitting outside on the patio! The boyfriend and I visited early one Saturday morning (around 8AM). The service was prompt, and they quickly cleaned up a spilt glass of water. The glasses of OJ are not large, beware.

I am a SUCKER for beans with breakfast. I think it's from my months spent in Central America, but there's really no better breakfast food than beans! (Along with rice, eggs, and sausage of course.) I ordered the special Brazilian sampler breakfast platter. There were many items of different textures, tastes, and level of goodness. However, your first time at this establishment, I recommend this dish. That way you know what you want. And, the cream of wheat in all of its buttery salty delight is exactly that - delightful. 

The boyfriend got the normal eggs over easy, bacon, toast, and home fries. The potatoes were nothing to write home about, but the meal was solid. 

Our company was a variety of older couples and Saturday workers getting an early start on the day. Granted, we were there at 8AM on a Saturday ... no one in my demographic is awake then. In the summertime, not only can you sit outside on the patio, you can stop at the Union Square farmer's market afterwards!

Verdict: I'll be returning. It's definitely worth the drive (from Ball Sq.. what can I say? i'm spoiled.)"
A great brunch place. Ordered the coconut French toast and it was delicious. Huge portions with free coffee and a side with all meals. Can't ever finish my entire meal there. Wait staff is great too except one grumpy guy. Would still recommend this place!
I have been in love with this place for years. Lovely restaurant. This summer I got to have breakfast with grapes growing on the top. Great food, great ambience, a true neighborhood place. It's a cash only place.
"I've been coming here with my family since I was a little kid, so I could be biased, but holy waffles Batman, this is by far the best breakfast I've eaten ANYWHERE. For one, their gratis cream of wheat before your meal must be some kind of magical breakfast ambrosia; I don't know what the hell they do to it to make it taste so yummy, I've tried to recreate the flavor and texture at home, to no avail. Also, the coffee just keeps comin', incluee. 

I usually get the spinach and cheese omelette like a good girl, but sometimes I get the Belgian waffles or Portuguese breakfast, both are phenom. Their homefries are spicy and well-cooked, the bread assortment always has at least a couple slices of portuguese corn bread and a corn muffin, as well as the standard fair of white and wheat toast.

The only downside is the wait. Oh God, the wait. If their food wasn't earth-shakingly awesome, I couldn't do it. In the winter, I forgo the wait sometimes because of the cold. But only sometimes. In the summer, the wait is pleasant because I just chat with friends while we wait, and then we get rewarded for our wait by eating delicious food in disgusting quantities in their shady patio roofed with grape vines, Portuguese style. :o)"
"I take back my 3 star review.

In the years since I wrote it I have moved to Somerville and frequented The Neighborhood many times.  I have grown to appreciate its, shall we say, relaxed approach to food service.  Yes, the wait is long.  So long that they actually now have a sign up that says ""This is not the place to be if you're in a rush.""  But it's worth it.  

What I didn't realize the first time was that the specials menu is really where it's at.  Most of the items are seasonal so it's constantly rotating, and you get a ton of food for only $13.  The most recent time I was there with a friend, they had oreo cookie pancakes on the menu.  My friend (another loyal Neighborhooder) and I seriously went back and forth trying to decide whether or not to order this gluttonous feast for about 15 minutes, and finally opted not to for the sake of not feeling disgusting after brunch.  My belgian waffle with fresh berries (4 different kinds) and banana was delicious, but I haven't stopped thinking about those pancakes since.

Tips that I know now which would have made my first experience better:  
1) Do not get there after noon.  You will be waiting for over an hour, and all of the coffee/lemonade/cake samples will be gone.
2) Don't put anything in your stomach before you get there.  You need to be starving to eat this food.
3) Agree with the rest of your party to have one (or 2 depending on size) of you get the cream of wheat, and the rest get fruit.  The cream of wheat is delicious but very heavy and it's really too much for one person.  But that combined with the fruit is a nice little appetizer (and the fruit's freshness has improved since my first visit).

I can't believe I ever thought any less of this place."
"Ok. I don't really NEED to review this place cuz you've got 200 plus to read already! So, at this point I'm just co-signing with the others.

GREAT FOOD..and LOTS of it for the money!

They serve this amazing custardy muffin like bread on the bread platter. Since I've been away from Boston 3 years now , I can't remember the name of that bread! But DAAAAAANG!! It sure was good!

a couple of hassles...there is often a wait to get in there and 
2) The outside dining isn't my favorite because of the flies that like to come around. I actually prefer eating there during the cold season because they serve inside which is crowded. But you get no flying insects trying to get at your grub!

Great place! try it for sure!"
"Came here for brunch because of all the great things I've heard. Overall, I don't think it lives up to the hype (and not worth the almost inevitable weekend wait), but there are a few things this place does really well. 

First, the things I was underwhelmed by. Although you do get a lot of food for the price (it's a good deal for a Union Sq brunch), what you get it just average. Home fries were gummy and bland, eggs are nothing special, coffee and orange juice are the typical diner variety. If you can't make breakfast at home and you're starving then this is a good place for you. 

The 2 things I was impressed by: the cream of wheat and the side of wheat toast. The cream of wheat did live up to the hype, I would probably come back here just for a delicious bowl of this comfort food. And the bread for the toast was flavorful and fresh (I'm guessing house made).

Give them a try, you might be like many others who love their breakfast. But I personally think there are better brunch options in the area."
"This place is awesome.  Excellent food and very reasonably priced!!!
 In the summer they have a nice outdoor patio. 

I go almost every saturday...can't get enough of it :)...love the place.

Their cream of wheat must have!!!!"
"This may very well be my new breakfast spot with its lofty portions and array of breakfast items. You start your meal with fresh squeezed orange juice and either a bowl of cream of wheat or baked apple. The cream of wheat took me my surprise with its cinnamon and lemon peel flavors which complimented the baled apple should you have someone to go splitsys with you. 

$13.99 for the Portuguese Breakfast Combo coming in with an diverse plate of cakes. We are talking crabcakes, meatcakes, fishcakes, and even a red velvet cake for the end!"
"I have never had portuegese food so i decided to research this restaurant online first. I went to their website and saw that they are family owned and can claim authenticity so i figured what the heck try it for lunch one day.
I went before noon to try to beat the lunch time rush. I'm a big corned beef hash freak and every time i see it on the menu i wanna try it. so i ordered that with eggs over easy, side of potatoes and cream of wheat (which btw i NEVER got! agh that's minus one star right there). corned beef hash was a tad toasted but otherwise yummy. Luvd the eggs and the potatoes. Talk about freshly squeezed o.j.  yum
The coffee was kinda lukewarm which was kinda gross. I guess the owner's daughter was there and herself and the staff were friendly. A lot of locals come here from the vibe i got. 
Be warned: space is pretty limited so i would not advise it for groups bigger than 4-5 ppl. 
Next time i'm trying that portuegese breakfast. hmmmmmm"
"This is mine and my entire family's favorite breakfast place in the city (with the takeout omelets from the S&S a close second)

I love how they give u Juice, Coffee, Fruit/creamOfWheat, and Portuguese baked goods with every breakfast choice. 

Some grips: they do get busy, and they don't allow pets in their outdoor seating area :("
"A MUST for breakfast!

Go hungry - this place is not stingy with the portions! Any basic order, eggs, omlettes, pancakes also comes with a choice of hot cereal (which is the most amazing, delicious thing ever) or fresh fruit, plus every table gets a bread basket filled with bread, mufffins and pop overs.

The only downside is that if you get there after 10 am the lines can be crazy long.  However, while you wait they offer free coffee and muffins! Also in the warmer months the outdoor patio is open which helps with the wait.

I wouldn't reccomend the Neighborhood for fine dining but for a big, cheap and fairly good breakfast you can't beat this Somerville gem!"
"Breakfast begins with... a wait.  It may look a little dive-y on the outside, but the food is cooked to perfection and the locals are lined up at 8:30 in the morning.  Expect to wait 30 minutes and enjoy the free coffee while you do so.

Diners get complimentary orange juice and a choice of fresh fruit or a big bowl of cinnamon-buttery-cream-of-wheat-goodness while they peruse the menu.  I had eggs and bacon cooked to perfection.  The homefries had tiny bits of onion and tomato.  My date had the strawberry crepes drizzled with Nutella; these were rich and delicious, yet somehow managed to seem very light.  We liked eating outside under a giant canopy of grape leaves. The waitstaff was sweet.  The price was right (bring cash).  The kitchen was spotless.   The portions are remarkable."
"Neighborhood Restaurant is awesome period.

Just don't get there around closing time, they don't have as much selection and they don't mind bleaching the tabletops while you're sitting next to an empty table."
Never had a bad meal or experience here !! cream of wheat is boss
Good Breakfast. I wrote a review on my breakfast experience there last week https://www.chrispantaleao.com/restaurantsfood
"if you want decent food in a cute outdoor setting, but no service, then come here.

My boyfriend and I came here on a hot day at about 11am. It was already 88 degrees out. We waited about 10 mins before being called which I was happy about, but then when we went up to the host to claim our table she asked us if we would mind sharing a table. I looked at the table to see what she meant, and it was literally a 4 person small picnic table. No thanks. I told her no we do not want to share a table and that we would wait for a table and she said that was fine and we waited about another 10 minutes so not so bad. 

When we were finally called, we were handed our menus and told to ""go to the yellow table."" umm okay what ever happened to walking the customers to the table?! we had to seat ourselves! Anyways we sat ourselves down and immediately someone came over and gave us orange juice and asked us if we wanted coffee. We didn't, we actually wanted tea, but when we said no to the coffee the waiter took our mugs so quick before we could realize what was happening.  And then that was it. We didn't see a waiter for about 20 minutes. We wanted water, after all, it was quickly approaching the low 90s and I can't believe no one even offered us water!

FINALLY after about 7 minutes or so, (it seemed longer in the heat) a waiter came over and i asked for tea and water and she said that the tea was unlimited and I should have asked the bus boy for some. Umm sorry I have never been here before so I didnt know! don't tell me this like it is obvious because it is not. I have never asked bus boys for anything in a restaurant so obv I didn't think that it was appropriate for me to ask him for my drinks. Buy anyways the drinks came VERY quick. 

Then we waited another 20 minutes before our waitress came over to take our order. We ordered and i asked for toast on the side of my meal, and the waitress said that it already comes on the side. Sweet! There are a lot of little freebies here, the OJ, fruit, and toast among other things I am sure.

The service is just a bit laid back for my liking, young kids just running around yelling at each other from across the patio ""Jose get me a water!"" (No lie) I was not aware this is cash only, but they have an ATM inside. It was ridiculously hot outside when we went,  but all the shade on the patio allowed us to stay a bit cool. The food was all very good. I loved the pancakes. All in all, a decent place, But I think they need to focus more on customer service and how to interact w the customers."
Bring your appetite because the portions are huge. I would say this is the best brunch in Boston. And if you go during the spring summer you get to eat outside which makes it easier to get a table considering the actual restaurant is really small.
"This is a little bit out of the way - but so so worth it!! The food is excellent, and a LOT of it for the price you pay, as is the service. Everyone was super friendly, without being over the top or annoying like can be at other places. Also, your pick of unlimited coffee, tea, and hot chocolate?! That is so awesome! The cream of wheat is super yummy (growing up, I had it all the time, but I knew it at home as ""manaya kasha"") - and had the Portuguese breakfast. Delicious, was too unfortunate that I was so full I couldn't finish it all!"
I've only been there for brunch, but it is great! Portions are big so beware. Each meal comes with homemade pastries and cream of wheat or seasonal fruit. I recommend the cream of wheat if you like rich hot cereals. Cute (small) atmosphere and nice people. CASH ONLY
"CASH ONLY but there is an ATM inside! My friends and I stumbled upon this restaurant on a Sunday afternoon after getting turned away by Union Square Donuts (sold out of donuts). 

The wait is pretty long but on that Sunday they provided complimentary coffee and iced tea, which made the wait less painful. Once we were seated, we were immediately served free coffee and OJ. I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Hash and homefries. Along with my order, I was also given the choice of either Cream of Wheat or Fruit. I chose to go with fruit but my friends picked cream of wheat which they all recommended. Complimentary toast and a pastry for the table were also served along with our food.

-Eggs Benedict with Hash and homefries was pretty spot on. If you are looking for a hefty Sunday brunch plate, I would definitely recommend this one.

Service was pretty decent given how busy the restaurant was even at 1:30pm. Although it was Cash Only, it was definitely worth the hassle given the large portions of food we were served. Thumbs up!"
While visiting our daughter and her boyfriend this past weekend, they brought us to this gem for brunch yesterday.  I love visiting from VT and eating at all the unique little restaurants in the Boston area.  This place did not disappoint.  We started with a sample of a delicious raspberry pastry they brought outside for patrons waiting for a table (they also have a carafe of coffee outside as well).  It's a little crowded inside but worth it.  The prices are great for the amount of food you get.  Starters include a choice of cream of wheat (may change to other hot cereals) or fruit (baked apple today and it was great).  @Tiff T. The coconut french toast was on a list of specials attached to the menu (I noticed it because I don't eat coconut but love french toast). Our meals were great except for the american cheese in my daughter's omelet.  She wasn't asked and didn't realize they would put a processed cheese in their omelets. I would definitely return again.  One thing to remember is they only take cash but there is an ATM in the restaurant in case you forget.
"This place is awesome.  HUGE menu, cheap prices, good food.

Their cream of wheat must have some kind of magic dust in it.  My friend was raving about it and I was like what the hell can be so amazing about cream of wheat??  I dunno but mmmmmm.

It's crazy packed at normal hours on the weekends, not sure about the week.  I went one time and had breakfast at 3pm and it worked out just fine for me.  In the summer they have a nice outdoor patio.

Only downsides are cash only and the bathroom is in the kitchen :p"
"They give you oatmeal when you sit down for breakfast.  That's how I immediately knew we were off to a good start.  Although you're likely to wait to get in, there's good reason.  They know what they are doing here.  Trying to work my way through their extensive menu, I have yet to choose wrong.  Awesome food, great outdoor seating, superb ""neighborhood""!"
"Great place and I do crave their cream of wheat. 

The wait is frustrating when you are hungry but it is obviously good enough for me to keep coming back. 

It is cash only and the portions are big. My partner and I normally split a special and that is plenty for us."
we've gone back many times since our first review and we still love it. the meals are huge and so, so good. they serve alcohol too which is exciting. definitely our #1 pick for breakfast.
"Why I love The Neighborhood...
*Going in for breakfast & coming out so full that you don't have to eat again until dinner.
*The creamiest pappas (cream of wheat).
*""Patio seating"" under their grape vine in the spring and summer.
*Breakfast includes coffee, o.j., cream of wheat, pastries, home fries... it goes on and on.
*French toast made with Portuguese sweet bread.
*Linguica is offered as a side order.
*Disco tunes on the satellite radio. 
*All of the waitstaff call you 'Honey'."
"I came back because the food is so savory, the potions are great, the servers are consistently attendant to customers. It's no wonder that there is always a wait list on sundays! The kitchen staff is friendly too in case you see them while you go down to use the restroom so it's the type of place to makes you want to come back. 

Perk: there's free coffee station while you wait in case you need some caffeine."
My favorite breakfast place in all of Somerville. The staff is polite and quick. The food is amazing, and the ambience is remarkable. They serve outdoors in the summer which makes the whole experience even better. The portions are generous, and most orders come with orange juice and unlimited coffee.
"Simply put....

The food is okay, nothing fancy but the price is good. With the specials you get a lot of average food for the money.

The service is horrific. Very long wait and once you are finally seated expect to ask for coffee two or three times before it is served to you.
But, the servers are are friendly. 

Every time my partner and I eat her I complain to him about the service but we keep coming back so they must be doing something right. Give this place a try on a lazy day when you have time to kill."
"I absolutely LOVE this place. I go there at least once a week. So last week (9/25/2015) I decided to go again for brunch. And my waiter was EXTREMELY rude to me. I told her I wanted to make my own Omelette, so she asked what I wanted in it and I told her. And then she asked ""what # is that"" clearly I did not see it on the menu, that's why I was creating my own. And she literally yelled at me asking again ""I said what number is that"" she took the menu from the table and she looked at what I've ordered and then she looked at me like I was stupid, and with an attitude she said ""it's right here, why couldn't you tell me what # it was"" .. I wanted to leave the place right away. I've never had a bad experience every time I go there. Until that day"
Such an amazing brunch experience! And such a fun and relaxed atmosphere sitting outside and enjoying a nice sunny day. Thank you so much!
"Been here several times for brunch. Expect a wait on Saturday or Sunday's but they provided coffee and pieces of sweet bread for the people waiting which was an awesome touch.

The complimentary cream of wheat is awesome and definitely more impressive than the baked apple.

Both times I have gotten the 13.99 special of eggs Benedict with crabs cake and tomato. Will say this is honestly the best breakfast meal I have had as the crab is amazingly prepared and super flavorful.

Also had French toast on the sweet bread as well which was awesome. 

Can't say enough about how much I love this place. Service has been great both times I have went. Cash only aspect is the only downfall I see."
"I came here, on a visit to Boston, and boy do I have to say that it rocked my world. It flipped my image of a good diner/ breakfast or whatever, upside down, and knocked it to the side.

That cream of wheat was AMAZINGLY good

Along with the prices, wow you cant beat the prices.

With UNLIMITED refills of coffee? Along with a orange juice on entrance?

Sign me up to be a daily customer... too bad I live in New York..."
"I drove down Bow St. today with a friend who just moved to the area.  I've tried a few restaurants in Union Square, but we drove by this lovely little place, and I barely even noticed it was there.  My friend showed interest, so we went in, and had the most noteworthy experience either of us had had in a restaurant in quite a while.

My favorite parts were:

The atmosphere in the outside dining area.  Grape vines (complete with bunches of concord grapes hanging from the ""ceiling"") were a fantastically smelling, shady asset.  Fun colors adorning patio tables gave the place a little spice.

The incredibly cheap everything.

The generous portions of everything including water!  I'm a huge water gulper, so the foot-tall cup I was given was heaven on earth.  I didn't have to ask for a refill during the entire meal!!

The lagniappe (""a little extra"") throughout the meal - freshly baked bread, large-ish garden salad or soup pre-meal, and the lovely dessert post-meal.

Homemade potato chips.  MMMMmmmmmmmm...

I bought a loaf of bread for $2.  TWO DOLLARS!  And it is the most delicious bread ever.

The service was great.  We were there for lunch, and there weren't more than ten people sitting down outside at that time, so for those of you who don't like a line (apparently this place is waaaay more popular than I initially thought) go for a late lunch (2-3).

My only qualm was that the vegetables (broccoli today) were COVERED in melted cheese product.  I tasted great, but if you're looking for a healthy side-dish, you may want to ask how the veggies are prepared when you order.  I definitely would have skipped the cheese if I had known.

I guess I don't need to say it, but this is a GEM of a place to eat.  Go there for lunch."
"My wife and I are in town on business and a friend told us about this place. It is amazing, one of the best
Places I have eaten. It's cheap, it has a great atmoshere, and there's a real comunity feel. Be warned, the coffee isn't that good. Get it at bloc 11 next door. Also they only take cash."
"Awesome, delicious, cheap breakfast food. You get a free bowl of Cream of Wheat. Quick service, and I always roll out of there full beyond belief. You will have to wait outside if it's full (which it always is), but the owners are nice enough to have some coffee and rolls out there to munch on as you wait.

Beware - it's cash only, but they have an ATM. Besides, $10 can buy you a king's breakfast."
"Good stuff:  
Outdoor seating in the summer!  There are very few breakfast places where you can eat out in the fresh air.  It's also very casual, no frills dining.  You eat outside on picnic tables...Love it!  
Their cream of wheat is a little piece of Heaven.  Need I say more?  Locals even get it 'to go' before work in the morning.  It's THAT good.
The portions are enormous.  I challenge anyone to finish all the food they are served.  
The coffee is decent.  
I love the french toast!  They are also a Portugese bakery, so the baked goods are delish.
Bad stuff:
Long wait time in the summer.  Be prepared to wait upwards of an hour if you get there past 10am.
Very cold in the winter...at least it was this past winter.  So, bring a sweater.
While the portions are enormous, I'm not always happy with the quality.  
Overall:
OK for breakfast.  Go there for the fresh air in the summer and cream of wheat on a cold morning in the winter."
"YUM YUM YUM!!! My friend and I tried this place yesterday due to hearing such great reviews. I enjoyed all of it-very much.

First, the food is delicious. We split an omelette and wheat pancakes, which came with our choice of cream of wheat or fruit, so we got one of each. Our friendly server brought out a poached pear (MMM!) and the best cream of wheat I've ever had (sorry Mom!) Next, were our breakfast entrees with thick toast, potatoes, and even a cute little cupcake! That said, the portions are HUGE!

The service was very efficient and friendly. We were shocked when we saw our bill--for all of that food, plus OJ and unlimited coffee--only $16 and change!

I can't wait to go back."
This place is great.  It's tiny so the thought of waitressing and carrying heavy plates of hot cream of wheat in such an enclosed space gave me second-hand panic. I tried the cream of wheat after reading the yelp reviews, and I can say it gave me flashbacks of eating it as a 3 year old at grandma's house in the Dominican Rep.  After eating the whole plate I couldn't imagine eating a linguica omelet on top of that, but I did, I ate most of it, along with all of the delicious pulled hash.  This place is good :)
"This place has gone downhill. Quite sad, really.

The upside: it's still the best Cream of Wheat in the universe, and all the breakfast specials still all come with eggs/potatoes/meat so you don't have to choose between eggs and pancakes/waffles. But yeah...it's just not as good as it used to be. The sausages are almost universally undercooked (gross) and the eggs have become greasy and runny. I used to be a big fan of the Portuguese breakfast, but the last time I got it the fish cake and shrimp cake were OBVIOUSLY frozen (come on guys...people can tell) and the ""linguica"" tasted like Hillshire Farms kielbasa. Trying to get some toast is like pulling teeth and the portions have shrunk significantly, but maybe that doesn't matter since the quality has gone down.

You'll walk out more or less full, but it's an awfully long wait for a meal of average quality."
"This place is awesome. The food is fantastic, the prices are good, and you get to sit outside under a canopy of grape vines.

Plus, linguica omelettes!

How can you go wrong?

I only have two complaints, the first is that their orange juice isn't very good. But they also have guarana, so I'll probably just go with that from now on. The second is that I didn't get nearly enough toast with my food. I like to order my eggs runny so I can dip my toast in the yolks, but I didn't get nearly enough toast to do that with the three eggs they gave me."
they are soo generous. u get orange juice, coffee and an amazing cream of wheat. not to mention the nice waiters and unlimited menu, meaning that they can do anything you want. def worth the 50 min wait when I came on Saturday.
"On a summer morning, there's nothing more relaxing than sitting under the shade of grape leaves of this little restaurant. 

Come with a ravenous appetite, because portions are large.

Every breakfast is served with OJ, a choice between fruit or cream of wheat, and home fries.  On the weekend, go with the cream of wheat, because the fruit is just...meh.  I actually recommend going during the week, because there's less people to cater to, thus better service and food.  Lunch is also a good option here.


Service is not fabulous, but what do you expect?  At least the people that work there are honest.  I went to breakfast with my family last weekend, and my mom accidentally left an envelope with money (stupid move) on the table.  The waitress took it and put it in the restaurant's safe until we came back to get it later in the day.   

Anyhow, sit down, relax, don't worry about it.  You're not here for the service.  Listen to the rapid-fire Portuguese flying between the bus boys and the waitresses, people watch, and enjoy your linguica omelet."
Awesome place for brunch!!! I had spinach omelet and home fries and it so yummy My friends ordered waffles and crepes. Both were awesome  will def be going back next time I'm in the area.
"It was a hot summer morning, so I paid more or less than $10 for a brunch under grape vines. Each order comes with extra toasts and muffins + a tiny cute cup of orange juice + a small bowl of fruits. The portion was huge, to the point I had to ask for a to-go. A good day starts with a good brunch.

Tip: MUST check out the crepe!"
"Mmmmmm! What a wonderful way to have breakfast in the summer! 

The outdoor seating is wonderful and during the week it's not too busy!

Definitely come hungry--- I certainly did not finish anything I got! My mushroom, cheese and tomato omelet was so so good. The mushrooms were just amazing. The hash browns were wonderfully seasoned with a bit of a kick.

My friend ordered the cream of wheat as a starter and I got the fruit so we could have the best of both worlds. These come with the meal, so get prepared to eat! We hardly touched the toast & muffin that also came with the meal.

Refills on coffee & the tiniest glass of OJ you've ever seen also accompany the meal! 

I'll certainly be back :)"
Had breakfast there yesterday based on the Yelp reviews--so good! Loved that fruit or Cream of Wheat comes with your meal. All the food was delicious--would definitely go back.
You have no idea how good, how much, and how creative this wonderful family run establishment is. A true hidden gem.
The cream of wheat is amazing! We sat outside and had breakfast.  Friendly, attentive staff and the specials on the menu are amazing!!
"I drive by this place all the time and the line is usually around the corner.  Finally convinced my bf to come with and try it.  It was somewhat worth it.  

We prepared ourselves that we'd have to wait and figured any place that always has a line must be good.   We arrived on a Sunday just before noon and wrote on our name down.   We were seated in less than 30 mins but seemed reasonable considering how many people were there waiting.   The service/waitstaff were all friendly, attentive and prompt.  Let's talk about the food.

So basically all the meals comes with coffee and OJ and also the choice of a baked apple or bowl of cream of wheat.   I got the cream of wheat and my bf the baked apple.   Cream of wheat was tasty, little too sweet but good.  I didn't try the baked apple but my bf said it was good as well.

For our main dish I got a crepe with nutella and strawberries that came with home fries, ham and eggs.  My bf got the french toast with home fries.  Also with your breakfast comes sides of toast and a muffin.   Lots of food all around.

So the reason this place got 4 stars instead of 5 is the crepe.  The crepe was just boring, literally a crepe, that was kinda hard that had nutella spread on it then chopped strawberries.  The strawberries were cold and when I got the crepe the whole thing was cold, not appealing.   The eggs were delicious, so was the ham, home fries were pretty good but some a little undercooked.   My bf's french toast was average in his opinion.  Portion size was good as well.

Overall we enjoyed our meal, the atmosphere was really nice but we probably wont go again just because we hate waiting.   The food was great but not great enough to wait up to 30mins for it.

As always never take my word and go try yourself, just be prepared to wait."
We have been thinking about trying this restaurant for a very long time. Once we were in the area on a Saturday morning, and ready to eat early, so we thought it was the right opportunity since we know the line can be looong. Our wait was (only) 35 minutes, which I guess is ok, expect if we have starving kids waiting with you.... But they give you drinks and cakes to wait, so I guess you cannot complain. The outdoor patio is awesome. Unfortunately we were a little bit disappointed by the food. I was expecting several Brasilian options, but those were very limited as they reduce their menu options for the brunch. I had the Brasilian breakfast. Three sausages: one was good, one was too spicy, all were over cooked, the last was mild / no taste. My wife's plate were very mild too, no flavor. Conclusion: if you come for the brunch expect limited Brasilian options, and average food. If you want more options, try the dinner.
I fly 1400 miles from Tampa just for the cream of wheat here. What else do you need to know? Oh the rest of the food is spectacular and so is the service. Just make sure you get here right at 7 a.m. No lines and perfect service.
"So I want to give it 4 stars but the logistics of it brings it down to a 3 and here's why:

-Have to have cash
-Have to wait and I am on the fence about it being worth it. 
- Cramped dining room

I am willing to give it another try maybe in the summer when I can wait in warm weather and sit on the patio. 

The food is good for the price, nothing to write home about. I even tried the cream of wheat due to yelpers and found it tasty but I don't dream about it. The texture is just weird for me and I didn't want to fill up on it before my three course breakfast arrived (Eggs, potatoes, and pancakes). Pretty decent service considering how busy they were. We were stuck in the corner and had to share our condiments with the next table as they split a 4 top to a 2 top, wasn't ideal but it beat waiting longer outside."
This place is so cute!  They make their own jam from grapes that are grown above the patio.  Their home made breads are fresh as ever and they even let you eat it while you're waiting for a table.  I had the corned beef hash with poached eggs and hashed browns.  It was SOOO good.
This place offers a lot of choices that will leave you satisfied- start with the cream of wheat (better than mine), the hash and eggs    Shannon was so sweet and gives great recommendations.
"How have I not reviewed this already?

This place has the most amazing brunch I've ever had in Boston.  I don't know if the food is quite the best in town, though everything is very good (the cream of wheat and the bread are particularly amazing).  But it is an incredible feast, and for a very reasonable price.  Go with friends for weekend brunch during the summer, brave the line, and enjoy a leisurely meal on the patio.  You will not be disappointed.

(Alternately, beat the crowd and show up for weekday breakfast or lunch.  Presumably, the food is just as good.)"
"I've lived round the corner from Neighborhood for four years, but had always been put off by the huge line outside on weekends.  

But today I was working from home, and after some severe chastising from friends for not sampling the Neighborhood, I popped-round on a ""school day"" to avoid the line.

Some things are great: The menu is simple -- You pick a main dish, and then you get coffee, OJ, toast, fruit etc automatically.   The specials looked truly special (waffles stuffed with chocolate cheesecake and strawberries&#8253;), although I wussed out and plumped for steak and eggs.  And the food was delicious and hefty for the price.

That said, I was sat right near the front door, above a heating vent, so had to deal with alternate icy and firey blasts.  And the coffee was bitter and unpleasant.  I'd have been happier with Dunks.

So, much like other local ""must visit"" brunch spots (S&S, Soundbites, etc), go for the food, preferably on an off-peak day, but tolerate the ""experience""."
"Really unique and the food was great!

Now I can see what people are saying about the (FREE) Cream of Wheat!  So creamy and delicious, great start to the meal!

Free coffee outside is a little rough, but what do you expect for free?!?

Over 100 menu options for breakfast = something for everyone!

I went with the healthy choice special of the day and the buckwheat banana walnut pancakes were AWESOME!  Tons of turkey bacon came with my meal and the egg scramble was light and yummy.  Totally filling and would def order again.

Atmosphere is unusual and different in the city and a great place to bring visitors."
"Sex on a plate.

With over 400 reviews on the books so far I'm really not to go into great detail about The Neighborhood Restaurant.

What I will say is that with a very basic menu and a relatively  small footprint The Neighborhood has a great feel awesome food in a very loyal following. If you're in Boston you definitely need to stop in."
"Get there early because the line forms up quick and they won't seat you until your entire group is there (so don't invite the guy that is always late)

They offer you a OJ and choice or cream of wheat or baked apple while you look over a rather large menu of breakfast combos.  Get the baked apple AND cream of wheat..... Top off the cream of wheat with cut up pieces of the apple! 

#93 Portuguese Breakfast- shrimp cake, meat cake, cod cake, linguica, morcela, 2 eggs, rice and beans. Enough said."
"I can see why this place is so popular, but maybe not four stars.

We've gone a couple of times now.  The specials they have always look amazing on paper, but are kind of disappointing when you receive them.  Last time we went I ordered the pumpkin cinnamon pancakes, which were supposed to come with a ""marscapone drizzle.""  I was in the mood for a good, subtle cheese, but lo and behold, my pancakes arrive sans cheesy drizzle!  It also came with a side of homefries and eggs, which were supposed to come over-easy and instead came barely-cooked.  I had to send it back.  The server was cool about me sending it back, and brought out my new eggs perfectly done, but still...

The service is decent...it's a neighborhood joint, and always packed, so don't expect the most prompt service.  Still, your coffee is refreshed pretty quickly and they are GREAT about getting you sat as quick as they can, which has been wonderful during the winter.

It's definitely worth checking out, and great for a cheap, filling brunch.  They over-reach a little with their specials, but it's worth the $20 (for two)."
"as my friends were waiting outside to get in, a short old lady in a bright magenta coat turned to us and said ""it's worth the wait!"" as she walked by.  

it was an omen.  an omen OF DELICIOUS TIMES TO COME.

it's basically eleven bucks for a breakfast special, which includes everything imaginable- huge pancakes (WHOLE WHEAT!) and eggs and sausage and homefries and fruit and beans and toast and pastries and coffee and these adorable little cups of orange juice that are fun to drink like shooters.

the service was awesome, and so are the lime green walls.

also, there are several ""a perfect circle"" stickers on the front door, sandwiched in between zagat signs and patriotic bumper stickers.  love it."
"You best believe THIS hype.

I have never been here on a weekday, when I stop for brunch on the weekends? I've never waited longer than 30 mins for a table. Why? Maybe cause I am on the later end of ""brunch time"" or we only come with parties of 2-3? Either way, once we get in there, it's time to fill up on some of the tastiest foods Somerville has to offer, in Union Square!

First decision: fruit or cream of wheat? Both are really good, so I usually switch off each time we go, or I force somebody at my table to share their fruit as I devour my cream of wheat. You get coffee and juice delivered quickly to the table, and then you have to find something off the three pages of tasty foods to order. No pressure!

I love getting pancakes, or eggs, or anything really. I've never had a bad meal here. They have mimosas too, which don't happen to be all that expensive, and go down easily with anything I've had off the menu. 

The bathroom is right down through the hole in the floor that you see food coming up through. Don't get creeped out, or do, that's your business. You can't really use the bathroom if you are over 5'9"" though, cause the ceiling grazes my head, and I'm only 5'6""!

The prices are solid, the food is delightfully good, the lines CAN be long, but it's worth a try. In the summer months, you can eat outdoors, and the size of the place is practically doubled. Even though I don't live two blocks away anymore, I love me this neighborhood!"
"Yum!

Headed to this restaurant for Sunday lunch/brunch.  I had heard that you always turn down the fruit for the cream of wheat.  This was a hard decision because 1.  the fruit was a baked apple and 2. I had never had cream of wheat before.  Oh my goodness ... have the cream of wheat!!!!  I have no idea what is in it, but I am sure that I am spoiled for any other cream of wheat.

So then the decision was what to have to eat after already enjoying my cream of wheat, fresh squeezed orange juice and coffee ... which are included with your order.  #97 (coconut french toast) was the winner and it was so yummy.

This is a cash only restaurant, but there is an ATM inside.  You can split dishes with a friend for a $3 charge which is totally acceptable and doable ... but I recommend skipping breakfast and dinner and going midday.

When you arrive you have to sign yourself in to the wait list ... so don't forget!  Enjoy!"
"Whenever they have an eggs Benedict special, get it! 
Beyond that, the coffee is great, the staff is nice, the outdoor seating is a great touch, and the portions are sizable. Just get there early, or be prepared to wait."
"I known the Borges Family for at least 30 yrs , I grew up with the Daughter & Son who run the place now 'the"" Cream of Wheat"" is something to Die for it a Signature dish , It's one of my favorite and it ""reeaally"" Good , It is really Tasty ... Expecially now in the Fall..! Keep up the good work Sheila and Mario and the whole Neighborhood team..."
"My first visit was sort of a pain in the ass and had the food not been so amazing I would have not come back.  After waiting over an hour to get in (expected) we were treated to more waiting.  Basically someone forgot about us and we sat for well over an hour waiting for our food while people came and left after us.  When the food arrived though all was forgiven which is saying a lot since breakfast took over three hours.

Second visit was considerably better, went on a weekday with my mother.  We were seated right away and waited a reasonable amount of time before the uh-mazing food came out and we gorged ourselves on deliciousness that can't be matched around here.  

During our meal my mom noticed a sign on the wall claiming that they had the best breakfast in the country.  A bold statement that they back up with their huge delicious portions, affordable prices, and seemingly endless menu.  I like that Every meal comes with bottomless coffee, a wee orange juice and your choice of cream of wheat (uh-mazing) or fruit.  The fruit is clearly prepped ahead of time and is juicy and amazing but the cream of wheat is where it's at.

The patio is a fun place to eat during the warm months as it's completely covered in vegetation with grapes, zucchini, and tomatoes just hanging there overhead.  
Makes for an awesome breakfast spot but pack your patience when you visit."
The thing about weekend brunch is that I like it to be super leisurely. It's nice if the service is fast and the food comes out quickly, but I don't want to be rushed or stared at by an impatient waiter. The Neighborhood is definitely very casual service-wise. The meals are huge, delicious and reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. Get the cream of wheat. Sitting underneath the natural shade of the grape vines is a treat for sure too.
"I'm a HUGE fan of brunch and this is by far my favorite in the Boston area (trust me I've tried a lot - I went to college there for 4 years).

POSITIVES:
- EXCELLENT excellent brunch place. You get 3 servings for like $12. I end up so deliciously full after eating here.
- You get lots & lots of fruit on the side - as one of the servings, and with your pancakes/toast/waffles/whatever you chose. I live in NYC now and have noticed a huge lack of fruit in brunch dishes - it makes me miss Neighborhood all that more.
- Get the wheat meal! I'd never heard of it before but couldn't get enough after having it here. I also started trying to make it myself but couldn't even come close to their perfect, creamy consistency.
- I love the atmosphere - relaxed, casual. The outdoor seating makes this a perfect summer weekend brunch spot.
- When there's a long wait, they'll give the people waiting food. There's always coffee, and in addition they'll have a plate of cut up pancakes or like cinnamon apple bread or something.

NEGATIVES:
- No reservations - but this type of casual place usually won't. The wait is fun, you get free food & you can browse.
- If you don't have a car, this is a little out of the way public transportation-wise. But worth the trip."
"Big portions of solid breakfast food for not too much money. A great ""neighborhood"" atmosphere. Nice staff members. What else to you want?"
"Absolutely Amazing!
The Neighborhood is by far the best place to go for brunch in the city. The cream of wheat is most delicious thing I've ever had, even better than my grandma's!  I have never been disappointed with any meal I've had there, and on the weekdays they offer a nice little buffet which is great as well. 
The place is small in the colder months because they can't use their terrace ( which is great when it's nice out) but the food and service is well worth the wait! A definite favorite!"
"Brunch, outside under some grape leaves along with free coffee and pastries while you wait for your table. This place is a great time and worth the wait.

We met some friends here for brunch on a Sunday morning and left with plenty of food for another breakfast (ah, second breakfast). Everything on the menu comes with a choice of Cream of Wheat (tasty) or some fruit (it was a baked apple for us) as well as coffee and juice. I can report that the Portuguese Breakfast is glorious and the staff were all very nice. My wife tells me the pancakes were great as well.

Two thumbs up, etc. Loved it."
"Loved it. Eggs benedict with bacon and avocado. The bacon wasnt as crisp as I would have liked, and there was way too much hollandaise but the combination of flavors was amazing.  Served with tasty potatoes and a small salad. Salad with my breakfast I said? But, the citrus dressing and hollandaise danced on my tongue. I couldnt get enough.

-1 star for slow and not so friendly service"
"The Neighborhood - the best sunday breakfast spot around Union, with the longest line ever.  Once you get in, the food is amazing.  Fruit, Orange Juice, Coffee, Oatmeal free with basically any breakfast meal.  And the portions are huge!

Friendly waitstaff, a nice environment - especially in the summer, and cheap prices make this a great breakfast spot."
One of the best breakfast places I have been to! Amazing service, great outdoor seating, delicious food, perfect portions, and a great price! Not to mention the complimentary orange juice, starter, and dessert every person gets! Amazing! (Be sure to have cash! -cash only)
"This is officially my new fave greasy spoon breakfast/brunch place. Its big healthy portions, really yummy Brazilian seasoning, with excellent vegetarian options and homemade everything. This blasts places like Paramount, Sound Bites, and Toast way out the water. The flavors of the food are just what the doctor ordered.

Summer brings outdoor patio seating under the grapevines. SO dreamy. Fall snuggles you into a small cozy diner inside with Warhol colored walls. Good food=long lines, but they move things along fast and believe me, its worth it."
"don't remember what I got but it had linguica, crab cake, blood sausage(?), and 2 other things that were all really good

service is super nice, our waitress gave one of my friends a cream of wheat even though she didn't order anything

and yea the cream of wheat is really good

free oj, buttered toast, and blueberry pound cake thing !!

tried my friends pancakes and those are really good too"
After reading the rave reviews on Yelp, I decided to head over to the Neighborhood today with my aunt for breakfast.  I'm so glad I went - tons of yummy food, free OJ, a baked apple for starters, how quaint!  The place was packed inside, service was quick, and eating with all the other humans made me feel whole again :)
Delicious breakfast/brunches, especially in the summer on the leafy outdoor patio shaded from summer sun by overhead trellises of grape vines. French toast and eggs were delish. This place is a standby for breakfast in Somerville.
"Hearty Breakfast/Brunch place under Grape Vines 

Food 4/5
Value 5/5 - (So much food!)
Service 5/5
Decor 4/5 - (Outdoor seats under grape vines)
Wait Time 3/5 - (30 mins wait will go by fast - just munch on the free pastry and coffee and talk to your buddies)

FREE coffee and pastries right outside while you wait to be called for the table  
*First thing first: Put your name down with the party # on the clipboard
*If you are not a big eater then it might be better to pay the extra $3 for the sharing option

The Complimentary Stuff (WoW):
1. Fresh Orange Juice 
2. Coffee / tea / chocolate
3. Fresh Fruits from season / Cream of Wheat (smooth and sweet creamy grit-like dessert?)
4. Toasts and blueberry muffin with fruit jam on the side

We all ordered The Portuguese Breakfast on the daily special menu (all the items on the special menu were $13 each) The set was amazing and definitely can feed 2 hungry people. The portion was huge and full of healthy varieties: 1 crab cake, 1 cod cake, + another seafood cake (3 in total sooo delicious!) 2 pieces of black pudding, 2 pieces of crispy savory sausages, rice, baked beans, 2 eggs (sunny/medium/rare/cooked/scrambled), and  homefries. I was utterly satisfied and relaxed and could not eat anymore despite having to forgo the yummy lookin' uneaten corn + blueberry muffins. At this point I was too full to say or feel anything. The meal was finished in belly-rubbing style and the kind that we sneakily loosen the button on the pants but keeping the zipper on. I was stuffed happily and still have enough left to pack some home because to be honest I already had too much complimentary goodies before the entree was served haha ! 

I will most likely come back for another amazing meal and maybe try their lunch menu the next time I am in town in Boston!"
"Breakfast/brunch food done right at very reasonable prices.

Cream of wheat (free) is delish.
Fruits (free) were fresh. 
Small shot of orange juice (free) was refreshing
Bacon and Cheese ($9.49) omelet was good, but too cheesy.
Portugese Breakfast ($12.99) was a bit too adventurous for me. The Portugese sausage and shrimp cake was OK, codcake was meh, and I don't know what to make of the morcella. The two eggs and potatoes were pretty standard. Lesson learned, I'll try something more standard next time!

The cute outdoor patio with the grapevine ceiling bumps this one up from a 3.5 to a 4.0 rating."
"The Neighborhood is the PREMIUM spot to have breakfast in Somerville! Whether you're looking for a simple breakfast (eggs + toast + breakfast potatoes) or something more involved (butterscotch french toast drizzled with caramel; buttermilk pancakes with berries & fresh whipped cream; fresh crepe with nutella and strawberries... just to name a few!) -- The Neighborhood always delivers. Breakfast is always served with a small orange juice, unlimited coffee/tea/hot cocoa, and either fruit or cream of wheat. The breakfast menu has your standard egg/omelet combinations, as well as Portuguese-inspired options like linguica and fried bananas on the side. There is an ever-rotating menu of waffles, pancakes, special omelets and french toast, as well as whole wheat versions, which are usually also served with sides of eggs + toast + potatoes. So if you're going to The Neighborhood for breakfast, you'd better show up hungry, because the portions are huge!

I recommend going on a weekday, because the wait on weekends can get crazy. The restaurant sets out baked goods and coffee for people waiting. The service is always great and the staff are incredibly friendly. I LOVE this place and highly recommend it to anyone!

If you come in the summer, you can sit outside in their gorgeous patio underneath the grape leaves. It doesn't get much better than an outdoor Neighborhood feast on a warm summer morning under the grape leaves!!"
I can't get enough of this place!  Huge menu, always tons of great specials and massive portions.  In the summer months there is seating on the patio, otherwise it's inside in their rather small and cozy quarters.  Expect to wait, but it's worth it.  You can't beat the amount of food you get for the price.  Staff is friendly if a bit frazzled due to how busy it always is (but that's always a sign of a great restaurant).  Your breakfast meal comes with either cream of wheat (so yummy!) or fresh fruit, and pastries.  Their corned beef hash (usually on the specials) is some of the best in the city.  Do not miss the Neighborhood!
"Order the cream of wheat. Do it. Don't think twice. ""Oh, I don't like cream of wheat,"" ""But I want the fruit""--no. You want this cream of wheat. It is a glorious steaming bowl of cream, sugar, and heaven.

I love The Neighborhood. For my friends, it's become a tradition to head here after finals or to drag visiting parents over for brunch. It has a small, fun interior, and the specials (which you should get) change every day. You will get so much to eat, and it will all be delicious. Be sure to schedule in a food coma nap for the rest of the afternoon, because you won't be doing anything but digesting."
My husband adores this place, based mainly on the sheer quantity of food. I've been here a few times but I'm not a huge fan. The food is ok and the coffee is pretty bad. Plus it's cash only.
The crowds of people standing around outside it on the weekends should have been my first clue. Now having been there several times for brunch, I understand why. This place has heaping portions of tasty food at an affordable price, and when it's nice out, it's served outdoors under an arbor of grapevines. It's unpretentious and delicious. Yes, the service could use a little help, as the last time we were there, we waited over half an hour for our food to come out, but it was worth it. My fave dish is the housemade corn beef hash with three eggs (over easy) and home fries, but I've sampled omelets, waffles, steak tips, and the Portuguese breakfast (some cakes are better than others) and it's all good. I would say to try to get there before 10 AM on a weekend if you don't want to wait forever.
"Best creme of wheat anywhere ever, I could drink it out the pot. I love the outdoor seating in the summer and its super cheap but you always leave full and completely content.

Go here if you enjoy eating breakfast. Do yourself a favor and get the creme of wheat."
"A seriously solid place to get brunch.  Yes the wait may be 30 min (or longer if it's really nice out and you don't go either early or late), yes the staff may be running around like crazy and forget to give you water, but the huge comforting portions of a variety of classic breakfast foods are all done better than most places in the area.  Also the food/money ratio is great (2 people order 2 breakfasts = $23 + 1 whole extra meal).

and heck, the place just has character."
Best breakfast place to go to in Somerville area I have to say. Although if you try and go on weekends you'll catch yourself standing outside waiting for a table because it's a small mom n pop type of place. French toast is amazing as well as everything else. They give you free Oj in the worlds smallest cups but you can't really complain for free. Overall great place
"The cream of wheat is amazing ... just get it!  Portions are huge, my roommate and I generally order one breakfast entree to split and an additional side of cream of wheat ... perfect!  I highly recommend the banana bread french toast when they serve it ... mmmmmm.
The outdoor seating is great in the warmer weather.  Get there very early if you don't want to wait."
BEST BREAKFAST PLACE IN TOWN! Food is absolutely delicious, ive been there at least 60 times and i can never wait to go back. I have taken several different friends each time and everyone has loved it. great place.
Last spring, my friends and I went here for weekend brunch. There was a long wait. After 45 minutes, we finally got our table. I ordered the sausage omelette with home fries and it came with a bowl of cream of wheat. Portions were big and the food was decent. I might come back if the wait is not too long.
"4.5 Stars. I mean I don't know why I'm not giving it 5. Probably something to do with the long wait. 

First off-- free cream of wheat. Don't doubt it. It's amazing. It must be the cinnamon. Free fruit and loads of coffee. Yes, this in itself is a breakfast. Next, I forgot exactly what everyone got, but I do remember the plantains, the sausage and the HUGE portions. You want to share with someone so that you can actually function the rest of the day. 

Remember to pace yourself. This meal is more like a marathon, not a sprint."
"Cash only!

3 Eggs, toast and home fries for only $5! Okay, I chose the cheapest thing because I didn't know this place was cash only. They did have an ATM though. Anyways, It was good deal of food for only $5! Idon't know what they put on the toast, but it is very delicious. Homefries were good too. It also came with complimentary fresh fruit. 

The other foods looked great too. I will have to try them next time when I bring cash!"
I'm visiting from California and loved this place. Food is tasty, portions are great and the service is good. There was a bit of a wait but it was brunch time so that's understandable. Would definitely come back if I'm ever in the Boston area again.
"Get the cream of wheat.

When they say ""would you like blah blah blah or cream of wheat with that?"" Your response MUST be ""cream of wheat please!""

Come hungry and expecting to wait if it is a weekend morning. Also, order something which you can eat as leftovers. The portions are very large. They use seasonal ingredients for their specials and they are usually spot on.

This place is a must try for anyone who likes breakfast. I guarantee that they make it better than your mom ever dreamt."
The coconut french toast is delish when it's available, but the place is worth visiting on the strength of the cream of wheat alone. Huge portions in a casual atmosphere, albeit a little pricey. Bonus: best restroom mural ever.
"Somerville may very well be the brunch capital of the world. There are so many great breakfast places to choose from, all over the city, but the Neighborhood Restaurant comes out on top.

Some tips on ordering. Listen to the other reviewers: get the cream of wheat. For the entree, order one of their hand-written specials stuffed into the middle of the menu. If you like pancakes, they often offer some sort of pumpkin pancakes which are to die for. The waffles are my favorite. Portguese breakfast is also really good."
"The beighborhood restaurant got some pretty people and good eats.

Pretty sure there's a line regardless what time of day you have a line, but it moves quickly.  

Not much to say except it's worth the wait."
"My first thought, ""What is cream of wheat?"" I grew up on Cap'n Crunch and Snickers!

This place was featured on the Travel Channel so I had to make the trek out to Somerville on a chilly winter day and JACKPOT.. this place was awesome!

The RESTAURANT: The place is a little on the small side so come early and beat the rush. There's street parking and we found a spot fairly quick right in front of the restaurant. And luck found us inside as we took the last vacant table!!

The FOOD: Before I sat down, I had to take off my thick jacket, scarf, gloves, and hat. The waitstaff had managed to sneak in a cup of coffee and small glass of OJ waiting for me when I attempted to sit! Wow what service.

The Cream of Wheat rocked!  A big bowl of deliciousness. It was hot, it was creamy and buttery. It came with a dusting of cinnamon. WOW. The texture and flavor was intense. I also ordered a french toast, but I'd rather write about the cream of wheat. What have I been missing all my life?!"
"I have been wanting to go to The Neighborhood for years. I had heard about the legendary cream of wheat. I had gazed longingly at the weekend lines of salivating yuppies as my 87 bus sped by. I had walked by on summer nights and breathed the fragrance of their marvelous  grape arbor. 
Finally, I went. 
The cream of wheat is truly luscious. It tastes like they add butterscotch candy while it's cooking. I don't know what they do to it, but I wanted to take a bath in it. And then order 3 more bowls. I should have. That was definitely the best part of the meal. The next best thing was the toast. They bake their own bread, so the toast is chewy and delicious, and they serve homemade jam. Who serves homemade jam anymore? Aside from those standouts, the linguica was seriously overcooked, and the whole wheat pancakes tasted box-y. 
I thought long and hard about my star rating. The linguica and pancake fail almost brought it down to a 3, but I'm gonna go with 4 because I'm crazy about the ambiance, the cream of wheat, and the jam."
Unsurprisingly, it seems the prices have gone up, but still a great place for breakfast. I'd never eaten inside - it's tiny, but even at 11am on a Saturday morning our wait was surprisingly short. A Somerville staple, for sure.
"Yes, I know, a 3-star in an ocean of high-ratings.  Hear me out.  

Here's my thing with the Neighborhood.  I normally *love* this place.  Tons of food, excellent bread, pork chops and cream of wheat to die for, really friendly, attentive service, lovely seafood omelets.  The space is a smidge awkward, granted (unless you get to eat outside), but still, I think it starts at 4 stars.

And then, with each visit, I find at least one or two things lacking that knock it down about half a star.  Often they run out of cream of wheat, which makes me the saddest girl in the world.  I have had more than one experience where the food had a slightly soapy taste, like the dishes hadn't been rinsed well enough.  I hardly ever go here during the weekends, because it's a monster mess of people, which kinda limits how often I go.  In the winter you run the risk of constant waves of chill as the door opens and closes.  Sometimes the home fries are less than stellar.  And, even at the food-from-a-firehose quantities, some of their specials are not worth $11.  Still, I can normally round up to 4 stars, although the occasional temptation is to round down... but only occasionally.

However, my visit on Sunday made me sad enough to downgrade this beloved local joint to 3 stars until it redeems itself.  I was excited to see two crazy healthy specials on the menu, so I ordered one: wheat waffle, drizzled with vanilla yogurt, topped w/fresh strawberries and blackberries, served with an egg white-broccoli scramble (I asked them to 86 the cheese).  The cream of wheat was great, if slightly over-cinnamoned, but... egg shells in my scramble?  Soggy, tasteless wheat waffle with no toasty outer shell (I've had wheat waffles that kick ass, so that's not the reason)?  Barely-flavored yogurt?  Blackberries that tasted weirdly bloated, like they had been frozen, then defrosted in a hurry with warm water, and served lukewarm?  Uncored roasted apples that were impossibly awkward to cut into?

Really?

Our waiter was great, but the guy who brought out our food could use some pointers.  I will admit, I didn't make a fuss because we had gone with a house guest, and I just wasn't in the mood to deal with it.  My order didn't come with home fries, but I did taste Corey F.'s, and they were pretty good, definitely different from other visits (in a good way).  Otherwise, my food was not $10.99 good.

I'll go back, but I may stick to the more standard breakfast menu, where the prices are more reasonable."
I would have so many amazing things to say about The Neighborhood Restaurant except over 140 people have already said it... the place is GREAT.  I love the brunch, the people, the location, the little patio to outside in the warmer months.  But, more than any of this... I am head over heels for the Cream of Wheat.  My god, what are they putting in it??? It is the best damn thing on the menu.  Go there.  Eat it.
"You will be given more food than you could ever possibly eat.  That's a given.  A breakfast at the Neighborhood is the equivalent of a Carb Bomb.
The food keeps coming, too.

You will also meet some great folks waiting in line.  While waiting inline, be neighborly, and talk to the other folks, there.  Chances are, you will meet some cool folks.

Last time I was at the Neighborhood, I was with Maynard from Tool.  He loved it.  Just saying; you never know who you'll meet at the Neighborhood."
"Wow. I kept reading reviews of this place, and Foodler finally got their menu set up so I tried it. Wow! I'm really glad that I just ordered and omelet, and what they laughingly call ""Side"" waffles and french toast. The prices were sides, but the portions are full! No complaints though, because it's all making delicious leftovers. 

I choose the french toast made with sweet bread, which I'd never had for french bread before. It's so good! They don't rest on the laurels of the bread though, and what they soak the bread in is absolutely delicious. They thoughtfully put some melted butter in a little container, along with a big container of syrup. Delicious. The waffle was light, but still has some good texture and a great taste. I guess it's what I should expect from a bakery, and it's something I'm prepared to get addicted to.
 
To be honest, I would consider just eating their buttered toast, if that's all they had. It's all that good. I'm definitely going to actually go there and sit down for breakfast, because it sounds like that's the only way this experience could possibly improve."
I was recommended this by my fellow Ravelry.com knitters. I looked up the review on Yelp and off I went went.  Well, this morning was our first trip and... let's just say - we'll be back!!!  Amazing!  I had the tropical pancakes (with coconut, papaya, and bananas) with homemade butter - it was incredible.  My boyfriend had the eggs benedict and was absolutely floored by how great it was.  He said it was the best hash he's ever had and the eggs were poached perfectly.  We also had the famous cream of wheat and the fruit - which was a poached apple.  I think the other reviewers covered that one - it is insanely good and homemade.  In fact everything is - right down to the jelly.
Great food, hidden gem. Go hungry and prepare for a line. The cream of wheat is like no other. I have seen people wait in the looting rain to eat here......
"Sunny Thursday morning. Breakfast on the patio. OK, so it's only breakfast ... but we really enjoyed this place. Family-run, Portuguese-American. Friendly, hard working staff kept the coffee cups full. They serve ample, homestyle breakfasts & baked goods. Coffee AND orange juice delivered as soon as we sat down. The cream of wheat is as creamy as it gets, with a pinch of brown sugar and a dusting of cinnamon. We didn't ask but from appearance and flavor we assume the breakfast meats are from a local source. We could be regulars.

Tip: Come with cash ... checks and credit cards not accepted."
Great value, yummy food. Everybody gets free coffee, a glass of orange juice, and your choice of cream of wheat or cup of fruit. I haven't tried the fruit yet, but I recommend the cream of wheat.
"This review is long overdue seeing as how this is my family's go-to breakfast/brunch place, especially when we have visitors.

Do you hate the fact that with most brunch places, you have to choose sweet OR savory? Not with Neighborhood! Their weekend brunch specials include both, and are huge portions to boot! I can vouch for their waffles and pancakes, particularly the pumpkin pancakes when they are serving them. And as everyone has already mentioned, make sure someone in your party chooses the cream of wheat!

Cons are long lines on weekends due to their awesomeness, and parking is a bit tricky for non-Somerville residents, although there is metered parking nearby. In the winter, when the outdoor seating isn't available, seating is pretty tight as well.

Lastly, fellow parents: if you are like us and are already awake early because of the little ones, seating is that much easier if you swing by before 9:30am."
"Cool place to eat in Union Square if you're willing to wait. We got there around 9:15 on a Sunday morning, put our name on the list, and waited about 45 minutes for a table. We went across the street to Union Square Donuts to grab a sweet appetizer in the meantime.

The outdoor seating beneath a grape arbor is neat. The servers were all friendly - definitely a family-owned restaurant feel. I appreciated the diversity of their menu; you definitely see some stuff on there that you wouldn't at a typical brunch place in the area. They give you a little glass of orange juice for free, which was nice. I got the Salvadorean special - scrambled eggs with onions and peppers, with refried beans and plantains. Quite good and very filling!"
Best brunch spot in Somerville, hands down! Large portions for very reasonable prices and everything is delicious. Don't be scared off by the huge crowds. There's a reason why there are so many people waiting, it's absolutely worth it! Plus free coffee/lemonade and bread while you wait.
"OMG!  So much food it didn't fit on the table!

The cream of wheat was one of the best I've ever had!  Mmm....

I had the whole wheat Belgian Waffle with fuit, egg whites and tomatoes.  My friend had the regular Waffle with fruit, eggs, hash browns, and sausage.  So delicious, and so much food.  Then we got the bill and it was so cheap!  I am definitely going back!!!"
"We got seated on a 6 person table for our party of 2. We had to sit with other people we don't know.  The seats were very tight (about 15 inches wide; that's a little over the length of 8x11 paper).  Luckily, I was able to fit.    

However, the food was very good food.  Creative specials! Hard to read handwritings.  

They have service bread while you wait, which is nice.  But, they aren't warm, nor that flavorful."
"I had a good feeling the second I saw the old school sign out front.  Then I saw the fun patio umbrellas and the grapevine-covered patio and I was downright giddy.  Luckily, it didn't disappoint.  It's a rare occasion these days that you get sides included in your meal--in this case, unlimited coffee, plus orange juice, cream of wheat, and homefries!  

I went with one of the specials, the Hawaiian French Toast--soaked in coconut milk, topped with pineapple and shaved coconut.  Oh, did I mention it also came with the aforementioned sides, plus an entire plate of eggs, ham, and toast?  It was definitely more than I could've eaten, but hey, I was on vacation.  

Overall, I just loved the old school vibe, not to mention their handwritten sign out front, thanking people for their Yelp reviews, apologizing for the wait, and offering free coffee and pastries while you wait."
I eat here all the time!  Best waffles and cream of wheat.  Weekly lunch specials are delish! You have to try the B.L.T. on toasted bagel, yummy! Never had a problem with the service at all, they're very pleasant!  I would recommend anyone come here, it's that good!
"Looks like most of the reviews here are for breakfast/brunch -- this one is for lunch.

I came here in the middle of a 16-hour bout of moving, which meant I was very hungry and a bit grumpy when my housemates and I sat down for lunch on the patio outside. Very cool space -- sitting at a picnic table underneath the trellis almost overflowing with grapes, you do feel like a bit like you're at a cafe in Portugal rather than in the outskirts of Union Square.

Lunch specials are cheap! $10 for a huge portion of salmon or sole is surprisingly great value, especially considering that also includes sides consisting of a generous amount of mashed potatoes, veggies, and rice. Sadly, when you're serving up that much food for that little money, sacrifices have to be made - the fish was decent but hardly excellent and the veggies were well-spiced but seemed like they'd come frozen out of a bag. Great preparation but the ingredient quality just didn't seem to be there.

One of my friends got a sandwich which looked pretty blah - I'd stick to the fish/meat lunch specials.

Also, the house white wine - which I was seriously in need of at the time to take the edge off our brutally epic move - may have been the worst wine ever. Not sure what I expected for $3.50 a glass, but it was bland, watery, faintly rotten smelling, and a bit sweet -- pretty terrible stuff.

So: cool spot to eat, good value, okay ingredients, great prep, bad wine -- 3 stars."
The food and staff are awesome, but I was not impressed that they allowed people to smoke in their outdoor seating area.  The smokers ruined the entire experience for me.
This place was amazing. My girlfriend took me there as a surprise, and i was in love with it. The service was very good, although when i ordered an orange juice the glass was the size of the cups found at a water cooler. For whatever faults The Neighborhood has, it is made up for by the food. My goodness was the food good. The atmosphere was the next best thing. Listening to oldies music under a grape vine at 10am in Somerville...it doesnt get any better than that. Definitely one of my top 5 picks for the Somerville area for the breakfast club.
Absolutely fabulous! We went on a weekday for lunch and it was great! We got an outside table with no wait and sat under the shade of the grape vines. The food was plentiful and delicious! The waitress was very nice and the kids really enjoyed the hand painted high chairs and the fairy painting in the restroom.
"THE ATMOSPHERE
The outdoor seating has a roof completely made out of leaves. It makes you feel like you're in a jungle. Each table (bench or chairs) has an umbrella attached to it like patio furniture. They have a buffet for about $11 with a fake lobster in a bow tie holding the tray of brownies. I went for the first time yesterday, and it wasn't very busy at all despite rave reviews on livingsocial.com. Perhaps it had something to do with a lack of sun that day.

WHAT A DEAL!
I was surprised that so much came with all breakfast/brunch meals! Unlimited Coffee/tea, small cup of orange juice, choice of fruit or hot cereal, and sourdough bread, I believe.

The fruit was a bit soggy, but I excused it since my meal was only $6.99 and all of the above came with it despite whatever I ordered. Most of the stuff on the breakfast portion was $6.99-$11.99 or something. Mostly $7 or $8 though. 

MY FOOD EXPERIENCE
I ordered the scrambled eggs with tomatoes and cheese. On the downside, it was really more like an omelet, which I wonder if it was because the cheese glued it together. On the PLUS side, it was SO good!! I wasn't about to complain about technicalities. Also, I'm not sure what kind of white cheese it was, but it wasn't American cheese, which is a plus for me (yah, I'm a snob). The toast that came with it was also very yummy. The butter was clumped on, but the bread was very good. So I just had to spread it. Oh! And the home fries! Delicious! Pan fried. So good. My friend got pancakes and home fries for the same price. He got full before eating the 3rd one, but I wouldn't say the pancakes were too special. I was busy with my ""scrambled eggs.""

Since it was a breakfast place, I wasn't about to venture into their lunch, but a family near us got mashed potatoes and chicken and vegetables. It looked really good.

NEGATIVE
Since we parked at Alewife for the day, it was about a 20 minute walk from the train station. Google told us to get off at Porter Sq for the fastest route. The walk was uneventful."
I love this place!!  Their breakfast is the BEST!! Absolutely love the Cream of Wheat and their sweet bread french toast.  The place is pretty small, so sometimes the wait can be pretty long but is sooo worth it!
Come with a good appetite if you are having breakfast. A bowl of surprisingly delicious cream of wheat comes with the breakfast combinations, which also include potatoes and toast. The corned beef hash was great and tasted homemade. The coffee was good. We ate inside because of the weather. It is quite small and a little cramped so I look forward to eating on the patio sometime. Friendly and attentive service, reasonable prices, great food and a homey atmosphere make it a winner.
A friend that I was visiting brought me here on a very snowy day in December. The cream of wheat stuff is great!  It's a small place, but cute.  The menu is kinda a fusion version of American breakfast (from what I recall) - quite fun to order from.  Definitely worth a visit, and I think the place may indeed live up to its name!
"Sometimes a line outside a restaurant indicates amazing food. Other times, its just a line that people join because they say, ""what the heck - must be good if there's a line, right?""

I think The Neighborhood falls into category 2. We waited outside for over an hour to be seated for a table of 4 (even though we were told the wait would be about 45 minutes). 

The inside of the restaurant is pretty ordinary. The menu had all the basic brunch options - omelets, pancakes, etc. The center of the menu had the ""special"" items written in hard-to-read handwriting. I had the Portuguese breakfast which was good but nothing to write home about - e.g. some of the food was hot and some of it was cold which I found odd. 

Early in the meal we accidentally knocked over a glass of OJ and no one came to help or even offered us napkins, even though we were sitting right behind the service counter. Also, we had to ask for one cup of coffee twice before it was served. Worth a try but I do not plan to come back any time soon. I would rather wait the hour for Ball Square Cafe or Zaftig's. The only thing I'd come back for is the cream of wheat which was scrumptious & lived up to expectations."
This place is the bomb.com! It's cheap AND good. You really can't go wrong here but whatever you do, make sure to try the cream of wheat! You'll thank me later ;) the place is on the small side so if you come during rush time expect a short wait. Nonetheless, you'll be glad you came! Who would've thought that Somerville had all the best breakfast spots?!
Outstanding place!  Monster breakfasts for $10, with great quality.  Beautiful outdoor seating under a huge grape arbor.  If I lived here, this would be my spot.  Highly recommended to all!
What an amazing NEIGHBORHOOD cafe! The food and service were excellent. The first thing they did right was have coffee and coffee cake outside to make the wait in the cold feel less miserable! The staff was super friendly from beginning to end. The meals are a spectacular deal. Unlimited free coffee and juice with every meal, free breads, and the choice of cream of wheat - a bowl of buttery, sweet, spice laden goodness, or the baked apple - a soft, warm goo of sweet and spices, is amazing. I recommend going with at least one friend so you can get one of each - they taste incredible together! I had the Belgian waffle which was topped with fruits and whipped cream, which was divine! The usual breakfast sides - eggs, hash, choice of breakfast meat - were great as well. All my friends had wonderful looking and tasting dishes too! This place is busy and cash only, but oh so worth it! One of the best breakfast places I've been to in a long time.
"There isn't much I can add here that hasn't already been said about this place.  It is absolutely fantastic and probably one of THE BEST BREAKFAST places I have ever been to.  

I came here with someone whose taste I do not always trust...so I was definitely a bit skeptical when we walked into what looks like a somewhat dodgy restaurant from the outside.    It was a weekday, so there were no hordes of waiting diners to affirm the restaurant's greatness.  The inside of the place was tiny, but I'm told there is an outdoor seating area with a grape-covered (and scented) pergola that makes for a decadent dining experience.  

After a quick scan of the menu, I could tell I would not be able to harass my friend for his restaurant choice.  Each meal sounded better than the next.  Fresh and inventive without being overly complicated -- The Neighborhood Restaurant has taken breakfast standards like waffles, french toast, and pancakes and turned them into edible works of art.  I actually contemplated ordering two things, but was admonished not to.  I'm glad I listened because the portions are HUGE...I was stuffed when I finally rolled out of there.

And how cute that you get a little appetizer with breakfast.  Both choices were awesome and I had NO IDEA cream of wheat could be that good. 

Because we were here on a trip and had a plane to catch, our waitress was kind enough to call us a cab (this place is not on the T but is definitely worth a cab or bus ride over).  In my mad dash to get to the cab, I left my jacket at the restaurant and did not discover it until I was at the airport.  Wouldn't you know they were nice enough to mail it to me in Washington, D.C. for no charge?  The people who work here are the nicest people ever.  

Go to this place...you will NOT regret it!"
The perfect summertime pleasure - an al fresco brunch. They serve huge portions of standard breakfast items at affordable prices. The service is prompt and polite. There is usually a long ass line of people waiting to sit under the grapevines on the patio, so put yr name on the list and take a nice stroll through Union Square while you wait - there are several Brazilian stores worth checking out.
"This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants in the Cambridge/Somerville area.  It's kind of like that hole-in-the-wall place except it seems like way too many people know about it judging form the lines that form on weekends for brunch.  My first time there I went in the winter, and we were shuffled through the dining area and then down the stairs into their basement where we waited with several other groups for a table to clear.  I kind of felt like Anne Frank.  But boy was it worth it.

Now I like to go in the summers to sit out on their patio.  It's fun to go throughout the summer and watch the grapes get bigger and bigger until their fragrance fills the air in late August.

I usually get one of the specials which may seem a little expensive compared to the rest of the menu, but when you consider that it comes with coffee, juice, breads, and fruit or cream of wheat, it's so worth it.  I used to try to be ""good"" and get the fruit, but I finally tried the cream of wheat once and now I'm totally addicted.  Also, I try to ask for extra popovers in the bread basket since they're so good!"
Fantastic!!!!! Free cream of wheat, free oj, free coffee and yummy breakfast including an amazing free blueberry muffin to top things off! Two big breakfasts for $11. Cant beat it!!!
I came from Cleveland for that cream of wheat. it is the absolute best i have ever had. There prices are quite nice too.
Like every other breakfast/brunch place, they get slammed on Sunday mornings. After the wait, though, the food here is better than at most other places in Boston. Look for the handwritten list of specials--that's where the delicious plates will be.
"Food is tasty, you get a lot of food, but for the price (breakfast for $10-15 is not a good deal last time I checked) I would expect a lot of food.  Sometimes service is compromised when they are at peak times, which shouldn't be excused.

Try this place on a Friday morning if you can.  They have a buffet that is great, and if there is anything missing that you want they are quick to please.  It's best during the summer when the outside seating is available.  The place is low key with picnic tables and patio furniture.  If you have kids, I would keep it to the off times.  When only inside seating is available, the tables are tight and the staff runs around like mad.


Parking can be an issue and seating for large groups is not an option inside.  Any party over 6 people can wait for over an hour easy.  When you get there put your name on the list ASAP, but if anyone in your party is missing they'll go on to the next on the list until they are there."
Delicious Portuguese food.  Friendly people.  The cream of wheat is to die for.
"This place is great. 
Their cream of wheat is delicious, their portions extremely generous, and the experience very enjoyable. The staff can be pretty gruff and definitely unforgiving. They make you wait ages, then bark at you and don't even think about sharing (there's a fee) or asking to change anything about a dish. Just enjoy the delicious food and keep quiet!"
"I've been searching for new brunch spots recently.  Of course, I've been using Yelp to do some background research first.  The large amount of great reviews peaked my interest, and I'm really glad I went to check it out.  

If you're going to go with a group like we did, send someone ahead to get on the list.  The wait can be anywhere from 30-60 minutes for a group.  We didn't mind, as it was as we expected. 
They do a great job of getting you to wait though.  Free coffee and cake/pastry are put out for everyone in line.  

After being seated we were promptly served with menus and coffee - complete with a friendly introduction and smile.  
The outdoor patio is under a giant grape vine that covers the entire patio like a living roof with sun shining through the gaps.  

They give you the choice of fresh fruit or cream of wheat with every breakfast entree. We all ordered the fruit because the cream of wheat sounded gross, but truthfully none of us have ever had it before.  Out comes the fruit as well as some cream of wheat to try just in case.  The cream of wheat turned out to be amazing, I had no idea what I've been missing!  Oh, you also get free OJ too!

The waitress was nice, humorous, and explained everything well.  She knew exactly what each numbered special was and what it included.  (there were over 100!)

We had been seated for an extremely long time before the meals actually came out.  When they did... some were wrong, cooked incorrectly, and missing items.  Lost major brownie points here.  

Once everything was figured out, the food tasted fantastic.  The portions were also pretty good size.  I almost licked my plate clean.  

You need to check this place out at least once if you've never been.  I will absolutely be coming back, but I'll have to time it right to avoid the wait!"
"Definitely lives up to its expectations - all of my friends hailed it as the spot for the never-ending breakfast...indeed it is! We didn't have to wait too long (30 min at 10am on a Sunday...but you know exactly where you are on the list since you sign yourself up!). Plus, was pleasantly surprised by all the outdoor seating! It was all out on their patio under trellises of grape vines - quite a cool atmosphere! Didn't feel ""diner-y"" at all...

Massive amounts of food, but great range of options and most of which are homemade (i.e. not hash from a can). I enjoyed my eggs with Portuguese sausage, plantains & toast - the home fries were mediocre but that is made up for by their delicious home made bread! Will definitely be back again!"
I love this place no lie the only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is the seating, but I guess I shouldnt even blame the seating when food is good and cheap and service is great I guess it would fill up  fast. The buffet is not bad its little but you can get a omelet or eggs ur way and its incuded as well as all the cream of wheat you can eat its soo good. The portions are great the toast is homemad and they give you different variety. During the summer the patio is so nice
"Came here with a friend for breakfast one cold winter morning. The place was nearly packed at 9AM on a Sunday. I never really noticed it on my trips through Union Square but I love me some breakfast and it had been a while since I had some eggs. We got seated really quick which was a plus. They also had a good menu of eggs, pancakes and other breakfast fair. So far so good!

Even more surprising breakfast comes with complementary cup of OJ and fruits. But finding a small piece of plastic in my fruit made me a bit hesitant to finish it. No worries though because the main course which is my western omelette is fluffy and delicious. And it didn't take long for them to make it. My friend had the pancakes which were large. As with most places it came with toast and home fries. We ate every bite.

Even though the place was packed we didn't feel rushed by the staff. Our server brought us the check a little early, probably so that he wouldn't have forgotten us while he took care of a couple other tables but he told us to take our time and pay when we were ready. The food was good, it wasn't expensive and overall the place had a pleasant atmosphere. 

When we left there was a line of people outside. Wow. At least the restaurant puts out coffee for those who are waiting. I'm not sure I would wait to eat breakfast at a diner but be warned this place sure gets popular during the weekends"
Came here for breakfast with my GF, truly amazing.  So good we made a return trip a few days later.  Ditto with regards to all the other reviews: amazing cream of wheat, generous portions, great value, and great service.  Mmmm.
Love the healthy options ! It's such a double  treat to eat yummy breakfast that's healthy too.
"While not the most convenient location, it's definitely worth the hike some Sunday morning, even WITH a hangover. 

The breakfast here is delicious (especially the pancakes), and in the unlikely event that it doesn't meet your quality standards, at least you'll get a big portions for the astonishingly low prices you'll pay ($10-15 a head for everything!) I can primes that the portions will be enough to stump, and if not delay any serious hangover!

Wear your Brazilian soccer jersey to score extra points with the staff. And if you can name at least a few players, you're in even better shape!"
"I've been going here since the early 80s and even after leaving for NY in the early 90s always come back with my friend Jerry when I visit.  Now my twins are starting at Harvard (proud papa has to plug his kids), and can't wait to introduce this to them and the next generation.  I don't know if it was the official name, but we called it ""The Friendly Neighborhood Restaurant.""  I had a wicked crush on the waitress...last time I went (a couple of years ago, so like 25 years later) she was still there and as awesome as ever.  I don't remember her name, but she exemplified the essence of The Friendly...caring, warm, friendly (duh).  Back in the day they would serve free whiskey shots during the holidays.  Lovely people, huge portions, great food.  Makes me feel like, well, family.  Thank you Borges!"
"My husband and i loved this place. Whether sitting indoor or outdoor, we always felt so comfortable here. Occasionally I would work overnight and get home at around 8am. My husband and I would always make it a point to eat here after such nights. We especially loved the summer months when we could sit outside. Such a relaxing scene. The food is simple, hearty, and tasty. No frilly stuff and they do not try to get all creative (which usually never ends well ). The service is swift and the servers are not pretentious. The grits are truly incredible. I'd come just for that. And they are free!! Also, they always get our eggs just right (sunnyside up, soft scrambled, benedict). This is a big deal g for us because we are both quite picky about our eggs. 

This place is a must if you live in the Somerville or Cambridge area.  I would say skip the weekend breakfast or brunch scene and come on those rare moments when you're off on a weekday.  Heck take a random summer day off and start your day with this place. Bring a nice book and relax while you read, eat yummy food and people watch. 

I miss this place so much. 

Final grade: big fat undeniable A+"
"3.5 stars.  I finally got to the Neighborhood Restaurant for brunch the other day and left pleased with the experience but slightly underwhelmed by the food itself. They have a delightful, large outdoor seating area filled with couples, friends, and families. There's definitely a long wait on the weekends so don't come expecting a quick in-and-out meal. 
They have a large menu with all the essentials (egg combos, pancakes, etc.). We decided to split one of the specials ($3 splitting charge applied so it was a total of $15), which meant we ended up getting two coffees, two tiny ojs, two bowls of cream of wheat (i hate cream of wheat usually but was actually BLOWN AWAY by this stuff--don't get the fruit unless you're feeling particularly lame), 3 huge pumpkin spiced pancakes which were good but not incredible, 2 eggs, 2 sausage links, hashbrowns, and toast for all of $15 total. The service was awesome and the meal put me in a good mood for the rest of the day. Solid place, but to be honest, the highlight food wise was the cream of wheat."
After my first time here, I was so stoked on the cream of wheat and so happy to be eating outside that it took going back another 3 times or so before I realized how medicore the rest of the food is here.  It's definitely worth eating here outdoors on a nice day, otherwise, skip it.
"Mmmmmm. Any place that serves homemade bread is alright by me. 
    The neighborhood restaurant is located just outside of Union Square in Somerville. It is a tiny little room with a bunch of patio tables and chairs smooshed inside. Makes for truly close quarters with fellow diners and staff. Luckily, the Borges family makes up for the squishiness with a vast array of yummy food selections.
   The meal starts with your choice of fresh fruit or cream of wheat. I know, sounds like something your grandparents would serve. But the cream of wheat is so delicious, especially on a blustery winter day. They serve it in a little bowl with lots of cinnamon on top and a bit of lemon squeezed through for a bit of extra flavor, and it is so creamy!
Not to mention that every breakfast also comes with a plateful of homemade toast, a muffin, and a bottomless cup of coffee.
   For brunch, I had the bacon and cheese omelet and home fries. The omelet was a bit too cheesy for me but overall good. My boyfriend ordered the eggs benedict with homemade hash which he devoured. They had some other really tasty sounding dishes on the menu that I should have tried, like the pumpkin and baked apple french toast. Or banana pancakes. 
   The service is very friendly though very busy so don't mistake their lack of attention with rudeness... they just have a dining room filled with people to serve.
All together, our meals came to $19.95 before tip. Just about what you'd pay at most Boston restaurants for breakfast.
Just a few tips. It is really cramped in there, so if you go during peak hours you can bet you're gonna have to wait. That's why you should really bundle up if it's cold outside because you will be waiting outside.  Also, parking can be a hassle. We parked in the central parking lot in Union Square which, surprisingly, had a few spots available, otherwise you would have to park on the street somewhere in the vicinity. Also, be sure to go to the ATM beforehand because they only take cash!"
The food and portions  are absolutely delicious . The patio is nice with  relaxing atmosphere, underneath grape vines. The service provided was outstanding. Looking forward to come back again.
hey kids....the outdoor patio opens on mother's day!
"Sweet Bread is made in house and makes an excellent French toast. They don't have real maple syrup so that loses a star right there. Service was friendly and accommodating even though we showed up right before they closed at 4. 

The winner is the cream of wheat. Seriously - it sounds like something grandpa would get with a side of grapefruit but order this up and you won't be disappointed. It's smooth, cinnamonny, buttery and lush. 

Homefries aren't over seasoned and come with some flattop crisp on them. 

Outdoor seating is killer."
Winter inside and summer out seating under grape wine. You get free coffee, OJ and cream of wheat or fruit to start with. Their crepe is good, a a bit too sweet for me tho.
"Pricey but good food. Waited in line for about 10-15 minutes on marathon Monday. When we got inside, we were quickly seated and placed our orders. 

We all got a small cup of OJ (free) which was nice. We ordered a child's meal, the corned beef special and and Belgian waffle special (specials are each ~$17 and include a baked fruit or cream of wheat - we got one of each and both were way too sweet).

It took a while for us to get our food (they were busy with it being a holiday), maybe about 15 minutes. 

The food was good! The corned beef hash (homemade) was very good, the waffles were fine, nothing amazing, kids meal was a good amount of food. 

Overall, the food was fine and we'd come back but it was quite pricey for breakfast."
In the summer this is a great place for families to come for early morning breakfast.  They open at 7 am, outdoor seating is beautiful and all meals come with the choice of cream of wheat or fruit, both of which tend to be popular with kids.  Show up later and you'll wait in line, and service is a little hit or miss.  But overall a wonderful spot.
"I really love going to this place and ordering the cream of wheat. Pretty much everything that I have tried off of the menu has been delicious and plenty of food was served too! 

I tend to go during the week day when there is no line to get a table. The weekend lines can be long, about 1.5 hour wait, but they provide coffee and cake for the people waiting outside. It is worth it, but be aware of what the wait time may be."
"Oh, how I so want to give the Neighborhood Restaurant five stars because it really is a neighborhood gem. I just have one major qualm: the seating. I barely squeezed into my chair, and I was nervous to move too much for fear of knocking my neighbor's eggs on the floor.

I hate starting out with a negative, but I had to get that out of the way. Now I have so many amazing things to say about Neighborhood. First, they serve breakfast ALL DAY! This is my kind of place. Nothing else matters to me. Ok, kidding, everything else matters, but this is definitely a huge step in winning my favor. Not only do they provide breakfast for us late risers, but they serve scrumptious, jumbo sized breakfast, at bargain prices for everything you get. I ordered one of the specials -- the pumpkin cinnamon pancakes (three plate-sized, sweet, crumbly pancakes), which came with three eggs any way I like, sausage or bacon (a half dozen or so perfectly crisp slices), hash browns, bottomless coffee (oh and it was so good) or tea or hot chocolate, a small OJ and an appetizer. What??? A free breakfast appetizer? Yes, either cream of wheat or the fruit of the day, which happened to be a sweetly seasoned baked apple. All for the bargain price of $13. 

That's just the beginning. We all know it's the little extras that make you fall in love with a place. The people here welcome you like family. It is small (albeit, a bit cramped), cozy, welcoming and casual. I felt like I was a guest in someone's kitchen, and the staff treats you like family -- very bed and breakfast. Our waitress heard it was our first time visiting, and she brought us out a bowl of the cream of wheat -- even though we both ordered the apple to start -- just because it was ""so good we had to try it."" 

There are no reservations. There are many regulars. When you arrive, add your name to the clipboard outside the door to get on the (long) list. Then help yourself to some complimentary hot coffee and baked goods while you wait. The sidewalk out front was jam packed when we arrived, but I honestly didn't mind the 30-or-so-minute wait. Now, had the weather been bad, it might have been a different story since there is no indoor waiting area. I can't wait to come back in the warmer weather and eat on the outdoor patio. 

I'll wrap this up by saying you must go here if you are in the neighborhood -- or even if you're not. It's worth the trip. Oh, and bring cash... because that's all they take."
"Ate here on a lovely morning last weekend, fully expecting to have a rad breakfast because rad breakfasts are what you get at the 'hood.  Since I've had so many breakfasts here, and since I was in an ""I'll eat anything"" mood, I ordered the Portuguese breakfast without reading what it was.

The plate was put in front of me and the voices in my head screamed ""Ew!  Icky!  Icky!  Icky!""  Then another more rational voice said, ""But this is the Neighborhood, the lovely restaurant that everybody raves about, that has the best cream of wheat in the whole wide world.""  So I listened to the latter voice and forked a black gelatinous mass in the middle of my plate and shoved it in my mouth.  EW!  ICKY!  My Portuguese-American boyfriend informs me that what I just ate was Black Linguica.  He said his dad eats it sometimes.  I have tried researching this Black Linguica since with no luck, and I don't know what it is made of, but I think it tasted like something horrible - gelatinous and pungent with a rubbery casing.  I'm an adventurous eater with a strong stomach, so I pushed on.  There were several fried things on my plate.  I vaguely remember that the meal included ""fish cake, shrimp cake, meat cake"", so I guess that these were those.  It was like a guessing game.  A nasty, lukewarm, rather stale guess-the-meat game.  Then I moved on to the rice and beans.  Imagine that you made rice and beans for dinner, and left some on your plate, and put the plate in the sink with the other dirty dishes, and then the next morning, you grab a fork and reach into the sink and have a bite.  That's what the rice and beans tasted like.  So I tried the omelette.  Turns out it was a shrimp omelette with onions and peppers.  It was overflowing with those little tiny canned shrimps.  It looked like it was overflowing with maggots.  That's exactly what it looked like.  I pointed this out to my friends, who took great care to avert their eyes from my plate for the rest of the meal.

I am willing to take 50% of the blame for this appalling dining experience.  I should have known better than to order the wierdest, nastiest thing on the menu.  Nobody else orders it, and that's at least partially why it was stale and disgusting.  BUT the 'hood should be a little more discerning about what it puts in front of its customers, even the dopey ones."
The almond joy French toast was one of the best things I've ever eaten. They give you a whole lot of food for a small price. Everything was excellent.
"It was very popular, so there was a 20 minute wait.

4 stars - For knowing how to appreciate breakfast. Breakfast should be a feast, and as such, the amount of food should be abundant.

-1 - The amount of food should not be obscene.
-1 - Shitty service and ambiance(music was too loud)."
I went here with my brother on a casual Saturday afternoon. It's located in Union Square and about 15 minutes walk from Beacon St, Somerville. I highly recommend here based on the food quality and price. ps: this restaurant is cash only
"SO MUCH FOOD. I'm referring to their specials, the Belgian Waffle exclusively. I wasn't expected to be fed with a family portion when I ordered it...

The Cream of Wheat is something special, but I think the rave is a little over the top. Very friendly waitress, but the table seating can get a little awkward. The reason I took away a star is from the seating and also because it's cash-only."
I came here today with some friends who have high standards for food. The 45 minute wait outside was making me nervous; would the food justify the wait to my friends? Well, we all left very happy and I'm giving 5 stars. We all ordered eggs - some fried, some poached. All were perfect. The cream of wheat had everyone trying to guess the secret ingredient and we all loved it. The final bill for all four of us was $72, and that included coffee & oj for all of us, cream of wheat and toast for all of us, a large meal for each, a couple of extra sides, and a mimosa. Impressive.
"The cream of wheat is unbelievable! 
The menu doesn't have much of a variety but they serve large portions! A bit on the pricey side compared to other local breakfast spots.
Love the outdoor seating area. 
Tip: cash only."
Delicious brunch place with friendly staff and fast service. The food is a lot, which is reasonable given the price. The area outside is really cute too (it has grapevines running above the space). If the line is too long (which it almost always is) they serve you their grapes and fresh coffee. Get there early if you'd prefer not to wait.
"We were jolly customers.

I think our bit of advice would be that you can afford to skip the eggs (pretty much very average) and go straight to the French Toast made with Portuguese bread. It was so good I nearly yelled aloud with excitement. Her pancakes weren't no joke neither, well done neighbors.

But don't forget the cream of wheat, it rivals the best goopy breakfast sides to the end. But if you're like the lady, the side of free fruit hits just the right buttons.

Our total came to 16 bucks. 16 bucks for one plate of 3 eggs, hashbrowns, and french toast with a side of cream of wheat, a small orange juice and two cups of coffee and the other was 3 eggs, hasbrowns, pancakes, fresh fruit orange juice and coffee.

All good, all in all a killer bang for your buck."
"We waited five minutes or so to be seated.  It was hot, but there was shade, ice water and iced punch while we were waiting for our name to be called.  Our group of five was seated at a picnic table.  Everyone sits outside under umbrellas that are in turn under a shady grapevine ceiling that must be decades old.  The place was very busy, we left at 1pm and there was still a short wait to get in.  Very pleasant atmosphere.

The food was good and plentiful.  You are paying for food here, not real estate, fancy outfits, or air conditioning.  We had omlettes, waffles, pancakes, and so on.  The cream of wheat really is great."
"I think I am in love. 

The neighborhood is wonderful. It starts with free coffee and breads while you wait ... outside... and sign yourself up on the list. I like this, not so good when its cold but still. I appreciate the great outdoors. 

Moving inside, yes it is cramped and small... but again I like the feel. It feels cosy, kinda right next to people... very, neighborhoody.

The food is great and plentiful. The specials are amazing and you get so much food you will feel sick. The bread is FANTASTIC. Just really good. Thats all i got. I could go on and on but everyone has mentioned why this place rocks. 

What sets this place apart from others is not even the food for me, but the atmosphere. The bathroom is tiny and underneath the stairs. The staff is friendly, but rushed and on top of it. I dont know what it is but when i leave here i leave extremely happy and full.

 Go to the neighborhood, its great."
The best breakfast around!!! I have been eating here for about 17 years. This place is amazing. I can't imagine how anyone could review this restaurant with even 4 stars. The cream of wheat is phenomenal. The orange juice is fresh squeezed.The portions are huge, the prices are reasonable. There is a buffet on Friday mornings!! The wait can get long, but it is absolutely worth it.
"Amazing. Want to give this place 6 stars. 

The combination plates are HUGE and include everything you want (don't you hate places where you have to choose between sweet and savory?) I recommend the pumpkin pancakes and especially recommend the corned beef hash. 

Go in the summer so you can sit outside under the grape arbor. Perfect lazy sunday brunch for catching up with friends."
"One of the best breakfasts in all of Greater Boston. This family run diner style restaurant serves extremely generous portions of food for short money. Every breakfast comes with juice, an option of cream of wheat or a baked apple, some bread and muffins, and finally the breakfast entree you actually ordered. The menu items are pretty traditional breakfast items, no real surprises. However everything made here is of very high quality.

Lastly, the outdoor patio here is awesome and draped in grape leaves. No reservations so expect to wait for a table. My suggestion is to go after 1PM."
"I hate crowds, waiting in line, small spaces, cream of wheat and breakfast. 

Only their cream of wheat didn't turn me."
My roommate and I came to this place for the first time this past weekend and we both fell in love!! It is quite a small spot (close quarters) but that really didn't matter. There was no wait to be seated, but if we had been waiting they had free coffee and muffins! Our server was very nice (we sat right under a picture of him when he was little) and so was the girl who sat us down. Very easy going and made sure that we had everything we needed. Complimentary OJ, coffee, or tea. Also you can choose between the cream of wheat or a delicious baked apple. My roommate fell in LOVE with the cream of wheat and the two girls behind us raved about it as well. I choose the apple which was very sweet (cinnamon on top) and perfect to start our brunch off with. Our food came very fast and it was delicious! They have a good variety to choose from. CASH ONLY but they do have an ATM located inside if you forget. I would definitely recommend this place and will be coming back real soon :)
"I decided to try this place out after reading the stellar reviews on Yelp.  I really didn't know what to expect, but this place is the truth.

We were able to get onto the patio after just a short wait.  They had coffee and muffins while we waited for tables to open up.  We knew we'd made a good choice when the first three groups groups of people walked out talking about how amazing the place was.

Once seated, we were immediately given orange juice, coffee, fruit and cream of wheat, before even ordering anything.  The menu was possibly the largest breakfast menu I had ever seen and the food was cheap, especially considering the sheer volume.  For about $8, I got two large pieces of french toast, two eggs and hash browns.  To the detriment of my health, I finished it all.

So..I recommend this place to anyone that enjoys eating large amounts of breakfast on a gorgeous patio."
The only reason i am giving this place three stars is because service takes FOREVER. However, if you don't mind waiting an hour outside (on the weekend) and another hour to get your food, the food is really worth it. The healthy options are pretty good and the cream of wheat is so good!!
I come for the cream of wheat, orange juice and the sweet bread French toast. :)
"I don't know if i've ever been as satisfied after eating SO much breakfast. The first time I went here, I had already eaten breakfast, was slightly hungover and had to wait outside in 30 degree weather with my friends. 

The wait was so worth it - side note they had a plate of corn bread out for those waiting and a pot of coffee. Our waitress was so nice and attentive, and the food was delicious.

You have your choice of baked apple or cream of wheat to start. I don't even like cream of wheat and I ate all of mine. I ordered coconut french toast with hashbrowns and home fries. I had a feeling the french toast would be really good (I also usually don't like french toast...) and it was. Everything was great!  

If you even remotely like breakfast, you need to go here!"
"Thanks to comments left here @ Yelp - I decided to give this place a go for brunch. When I arrived there - there was already a line so that's typically a good sign. 
Took about 20 minutes before I got a table. I wanted to get something outside the norm of the breakfast menu (away from the standard bacon, eggs, etc) so  decided to order two of the portugese specials - one was a variety of fish cakes and the other was the grilled pork. 
Like the rest of the comments you see here, you get an choice of cream of wheat or fruits. No regrets choosing the cream of wheat as it was declicious!

Both of the dishes I ordered were unique and I really enjoyed it. I'll definitely be coming back here. I can't wait to visit the place for lunch/dinner to see what other unique dishes they might have.

TIPs: 
- When you get there, if no one is there to take your name for a table, just pick up the roster there and fill it in yourself.
- They're nice enough to put out some drinks and sample cakes/treats outside. Don't feel bad about helping yourself to some yourself
- Service there can be a little slow so be patient. If you run out of coffee or water, Just help yourself by refilling your drinks yourself as it would be much faster that way."
Great place for breakfast or brunch in summer.  Usually very busy, and cash only which is inconveinient since i never carry cash.  I ordered more food than i could eat but i left feeling full and satisfied.
Love this place. It can feel a little bit cramped when they're busy and waiting to sit is never fun, but the food is delicious, the portions are solid and the hot crack / cream of wheat is lick-your-bowl-clean good. The corned beef hash is especially good - it's more like pulled beef than the chopped up beef I've come to expect. Just go.
"You will not be able to finish your breakfast, no matter how hard you try. It is just that much food! Start with the cream of wheat (or fruit cup if that suits you), and then move on to the main course, which is usually enormous and can feed two people. I had the Portuguese Breakfast and my friends had the #99. None of us finished!  

The wait is long but well worth it!"
"Since moving to Boston from LA, I've been in a hunt of a neighborhood restaurant with good food and a good vibe. This sweet spot is a definite destination for Sunday brunchers with its charming ambience and never-ending menu options.

This is a very cozy, comfortable place to get your most important meal of the day. There are so many breakfast staples to choose from- the omelletes, waffles, the  tropical french toast and the Portuguese breakfast.  I recommended getting the side of cereal (Cream of wheat). It's exceptional for a Sunday morning wake-up dish. It's usually pretty crowded here on weekends but the food is well worth the wait.

I love this place and the patio seating adds to the charm. The staff are always attentive even when they're extremely busy.  The question of whether the cup is half full or half empty never occurs because the diligent servers keep the coffee cups more than half full, which helps provide a warm sense of optimism; furthermore, that darn cream of wheat has utterly changed my life.  hehe Who wants breakfast in bed when it's just as good down ""The Neighborhood.""  Go  out  and meet your neighbors!"
"One of the best breakfast places ever --- happy upbeat atmosphere.
Brought my family --- college age kids, girlfriend and ex-wife --- and had a great time!  Outdoors under live grapevines at picnic table on a sunny July day, attentive service.  Had to wait 20 minutes, but okay for group of 6.  Lucky to get good street parking.  Young owner carrying on the family tradition in a very good way.

Cream of wheat was outstanding --- the sweet condensed milk is the secret.  Omelettes, french toast, eggs, all good, though a step below the COW.  Good value for the money."
Great breakfast and brunch but make sure you arrive early.  This is no frills good food.  You get a little cup of orange juice but that is the only little thing that will hit your table.  Everything is huge...like two plates huge.  Come hungry
"5 star for the service and cream of wheat!  Baked apple was nice and tasty too!
4 stars for the value but maybe it's 5 stars for local Boston area?  You do get a lot of bread with the order but hey I can get a load of bread from Ralph's for $3...  Then again, maybe I'm just cheap?  :0
I would say it's a comfort food place.  Cash only!"
"I finally got to try the FAMOUS 'The Neighborhood Restaurant' for the first time this past weekend. I have been wanting to try it for a few months now for brunch, but parking is almost impossible there on top of the usual long line. Somehow we got lucky on Sunday and we didn't have to wait for longer than 3-5 minutes. The place wasn't pact as expected but while waiting for our brunch more people came in and it was at full capacity. 

I got the usual ham, green paper and cheese omlette with sausage on the side and a coffee. The give you orange juice and some dessert on the house!!! I liked the dessert even though I am not a dessert person. By the time the omlette came I was almost full.
The food was very tastey!!! I liked the restaurant and I am definitely going to go back. 

The food was very fresh - I can't think of any other better place for lunch (maybe a better looking place but not better brunch). Keep up the good work!!!
I give them a 4 stars because I dropped off my fork and the server forgot to bring me another fork so I had to use a spoon :))) Also, they don't bring water at the table unless you ask for it. We were sat by the door and the wind was blowing every time they opened the door (especially since we went there during the Nemo blizzard weekend!!!) - it wasn't too cold though!!"
"I was in Boston for a mere 2 days and made sure to make usual pilgrimage for the awesome cream of wheat! It did not disappoint, as expected.

It was nice to come on a weekday lunch and not have to deal with the weekend brunch rush. However, there were a few issues with the service. 
- The wrong entree came out - but the good news is we got to keep it. Three for the price of two, woot!
- The entrees came out first, before the cream of wheat.
- I realized after the meal ended that I never got my OJ.

Despite all that, you can't beat the vine-covered outdoor patio, large portions, and fantastic food. 

$30 total (incl tax/tip) for a huge lunch for two - not bad!

Specials menu: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-neighborhood-restaurant-somerville?select=RxQ3Kq4JOFDGXZI5nNG77Q#RxQ3Kq4JOFDGXZI5nNG77Q

* Special #98: French Toast topped w/ fresh blackberries, raspberries, strawberries, & drizzled w/ white chocolate syrup, 2 eggs, ham, homefries, coffee & OJ - 3.5 stars
pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-neighborhood-restaurant-somerville?select=Empmcp34sLl9Ev9AcEk70A#9_eN1xcz54VI7vUAid4aJQ
toast close-up: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-neighborhood-restaurant-somerville?select=Empmcp34sLl9Ev9AcEk70A#VamQYm0uk2ZqWNkN0qWMGQ
5 star cream of wheat: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-neighborhood-restaurant-somerville?select=Empmcp34sLl9Ev9AcEk70A#9Zka43wcG2ldR060GG_peA
As usual, the cream of wheat is the shit!
The eggs + homefries were fine, but there was no crips to the homefries. The ham was pretty good, a thick salty crisped piece of meat.
The french toast ended up being two rather small pieces of bread. It was mostly soft with no crisp to it. I thought the white chocolate syrup would be more viscous (i.e. like an actual syrup), but it was more thin and glaze-like and really didn't taste like white chocolate.

* Portuguese breakfast (off-menu) - 4 stars
pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-neighborhood-restaurant-somerville?select=Empmcp34sLl9Ev9AcEk70A#_5hSs1if6vnp2iwyOQ6m6g
Ordered this when I saw some delicious pictures off Yelp. This came with many pieces of delicious meats: cod cake, another cake with a great crisped & breaded skin, a really tasty thick and meaty sausage. Really enjoyed this - wish I'd known on earlier trips here to get their portuguese dishes! (makes sense since the restaurant is portuguese.. not just a brunch spot)

* Portuguese lunch - 3 stars
pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-neighborhood-restaurant-somerville?select=Empmcp34sLl9Ev9AcEk70A#Empmcp34sLl9Ev9AcEk70A
The meat had good seasoning, but it was kind of dry and hard. The veggies were soggy and plain. The fries were decent, cut thick, with a thin layer of crisp."
Fantastic food, great atmosphere, awesome staff. A bit of a wait for Sunday brunch, but totally worth it and they have quick turnover. Live music playing at a corner table was a perfect touch, not too loud. Grab some pals and a bloody.
We came back to the Neighborhood Restaurant 10 years after our first visit. Did not disappoint enjoyed the cream of wheat with copious amounts of cinnamon, iced cold strong coffee and a small juice (all included in the meal).  Friendly and tentative service. Well worth the T ride and walk from Copley Square.  Bring Cash or ATM on site.
"We stopped by for a late brunch one dreary Saturday afternoon.  Their patio was damp and closed, so we headed up a few steps and through the door into the small narrow dining room.  At 2:30pm, there was no wait for either us or the party behind us.

The french toast on the Specials menu immediately caught my eye.  I mean, French Toast Dipped in a Toffee Almond Milk & topped with milk chocolate toffee bits, bananas & drizzled with caramel, two eggs, ham, homefries, coffee & OJ... doesn't that sound goooooood?  All that food for $12.99, and preceded by a bowl full of childhood reminding tummy warming cream of wheat sprinkled with cinnamon (instead of the fresh fruit option - which today was melons) made for a full stomach for many hours.

When my meal arrived on two plates, I shouldn't have been surprised, but I was - so much food!  The french toast was a bit custardy in the middle and was nicely sweetened by the fresh banana and caramel.  The eggs were prepared overhard as requested, and had even somehow grown to be 3 in number on my plate.  The homefries were moister rather than the expected crispy specimen, but was still good.

The table was provided with a plate of toasted white bread fully buttered and a square of sweet cornbread.  The strawberry jelly was great with the toast.

The small glass of OJ was really good and cleansed my tongue between the cream of wheat and the bottomless mug of cocoa I selected instead of the coffee or tea options.

While my friends cleaned off their plates, I ended up taking half of mine home (minus the homefries which I decided to finish off).  Yes, it is a lot of food, but if you want to split the bounty with a friend, there is a $3 sharing fee... however, you might want your own bowl of cream of wheat...

If you need the bathroom, they have a single private bathroom available downstairs, just inside the kitchen and to the left.  Yup, the blue door.  But be careful  - the ceiling is short and has angles that even I bumped my forehead on.

Speaking of being careful, take care when stepping out the door with full tummy before you... the first short step followed by two more regular sized steps down to the sidewalk sort of caught me unawares."
"Love! One minus star for crappy toast and tiny expensive orange juice.

But, the cream of wheat is SO delicious! I don't like it anywhere else...I don't know how they make that grey gooey stuff into something I can't get enough of!
They also have good Portuguese-inspired breakfasts (different types of sausages) that are pretty good and great pancakes!
I also enjoy the fact that the servings are really large and that you can sit outside under grape vines. Very cute in a kitschy sort of way. Great for large groups."
I LOOOOVE the Neighborhood Restaurant, it's my favorite place to go. The food is great ( breakfast and lunch ), you get a ton of food, and it's very cheap. There's always great stuff on the specials menu and if you like french toast, omelets, waffles, etc. there's lots of different variations of each. You can get french toast made with sweet bread or white, coconut french toast, Texas style french toast, and that's just to name a few. You can get a waffle with fruit on top with homemade whipped cream, with chocolate chips, and again the list goes on. And I won't even get started on the omelets because whatever you could imagine could be put in an omelet, they have it. And the cream of wheat, well words can't describe how delicious it is, and when you try it you'll understand what I mean. I also love to eat lunch there, from the incredible spaghetti and meatballs to the fishermans platter and everything in between, I've never been anything but satisfied ( and extremely full )!!!  The waitresses are amazing. They're very friendly and they make you feel like you're the only one in there even when the place is packed. I never feel like I'm being rushed or neglected because they come over to ask if everything's o.k. and if I need anything several times throughout the meal. They make you feel like one of the family, not a stranger, and the proof is in the many regulars that keep going back for more. I can't stress enough how much I love this place. I've told all my friends and family about it and they all agree with me one hundred percent, so if you've never been there, you don't know what you're missing!!!
This place is a Somerville staple. The cream of wheat is the bomb, for real. Expect a lot of food for your money. Service is a little sporadic during busy hours and there is a guaranteed wait on weekends but this place is worth it. Gets my vote for best breakfast spot in Somerville.
"I can't recommend this place enough! The beautiful outdoor patio and friendly staff alone make this place a must-visit for brunchgoers in Cambridge. On top of that, the food is amazing, even the less Portuguese options like Eggs Benedict and Corned Beef Hash. Other people know this as well though, so expect to wait for a while, especially with larger parties. Even the waiting experience is enjoyable though, because they put out coffee and pastries for everyone waiting, and it is up to you to sign your party up on the list, so you can always check how many parties are in front of you.

The best part of our last experience, though, was when we remembered that they only accept cash, and asked the hostess what we could do. After a lot of back and forth with ATM's and missing debit cards, we decided we had to leave, but when we notified her that someone else could take our table, she insisted that we should just eat and we would ""figure it out"". Obviously, when we came back to pay later that day, we gave them a huge tip.

As other people have said, the wait is long, but it pays off. This is the kind of business I do everything I can to support!"
"This place was simply amazing. Nothing over the board, but every item we ordered were perfect. Steak tips are juicy and tender. And cream of wheat is so good that I wanted to order one to-go. 
Must go, if you want great food!"
Stopped by for breakfast after a red eye flight and this place was phenomenal!! Sheila and Shannon went above and beyond to make our breakfast awesome. We each ordered something different and we each stole bites of each others meals and honestly - they were all amazing! Their cream of wheat is legit and their never ending coffee was much appreciated. Can't wait to come back!
Favourite in the area. The only place that competes with Watertown's Town Diner. Both have distinct character, style and wait times that reflect what you get when you're seated.
"Really 3 and 1/2 stars...decided to round up my rating, lol.  

Didn't quite live up to all the breathless hype. Service was ok-ish for this area (of which I have low expectations).  I kind of wish they would automatically bring everyone a glass of ice water once seated and keep refilling, as is commonplace down south...guess I'm spoiled by southern customer service!  ""Bottomless coffee"" = pretty tasteless drip filter coffee with creamer cups, which our server had to be asked to refill rather than seeing that our mugs were empty and needed refilling.   Perhaps they were understaffed that day?  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.

Food took its time to get there and aside from the carby dishes were hit and miss...my steak tips were excellent and cooked medium rare as requested, one of my friend's grilled salmon wasn't, scrambled eggs tasted like the carton type not fresh eggs (many IHOPs give you the option of picking the latter), grilled chicken fillet was dry and thin desperately in need of sauce or gravy, crepes and waffles were pretty good.  

Generally speaking, if you love carbs, you will probably love this place...rolls, buttered toast, cream of wheat, homemade bread, waffles, etc all were quite good.  The ""free OJ"" = tiny 6-8oz of watery concentrate...nice gesture because it's free, I suppose.  Some of us had the grapefruit halves instead of cream of wheat, which were wonderful...of course, cream of wheat doesn't exactly require a culinary arts degree to make yourself at home and sprinkle a bunch of cinnamon and sugar on top.  In case you haven't figured it out yet, if you are a paleo eater you'll be less thrilled.

Unfortunately, Somerville simply doesn't many good solid, reasonably priced breakfast options unless you consider donuts breakfast, so you could do much worse.  About $15 a person is a so-so price for this area, and I suppose if you're coming here on a weekend morning bleary eyed and hung over and too lazy to make your own breakfast at home it's understandable.  

Personally, I don't think the 15-25 minute wait for a crowded table here is really worth it unless you really enjoy the community vibe and people-watching opportunities.  

General impression: this is the sort of place that hipsters like to rave about in order to feel like hipsters...unique and sort of homey, yes; objectively all that great, no.

PS. Having a LEGIBLE (preferably typed) menu of breakfast specials would be very helpful, instead of having it done in some ridiculously loopy hieroglyphics."
One of the best breakfast spots in Somerville, worth the wait. The corned beef hash is homemade and delicious, great on the eggs Benedict instead of the ham. The apple cider mimosas are a perfect fall brunch cocktail, and the cinnamon bun French toast with icing was a decadent breakfast dessert.
"You know a place is pretty good if there's a long line outside in the cold.  They made a great first impression when they offered coffee and some snacks while you wait outside in the cold.  

I really loved the cream of wheat; it was easily the best part of the meal.  It's the first time I had it, and I think I would have been full on just the cream of wheat itself.  However, I also got the homemade corned beef hash.  It came with 3 eggs, home fries, and the corned beef hash.  The home fries were pretty good, a little mushy in the middle, but otherwise fine.  The eggs were just fine.  I was a little disappointed with the corned beef hash.  It was kind of bland and even throwing some salt on it didn't seem to help.  The menu said that it was homemade, and it seemed like something they were supposed to be good at.   However, I was not impressed with the corned beef hash.  

The service was pretty good.  People came by to offer us more coffee.  However, they never came by with the orange juice, and they only gave us a small cup of it.  It would have been nice if they had come by with not just coffee but orange juice.

Overall, it was a pretty good place, and definitely worth the value.  For $12.95, I got enough food to feed me for probably 2 or 3 meals.  I would probably go again when it's warmer.  They have a little patio section next to the restaurant that opens up in the summer."
"This place is excellent. 100%. It's the best place to get brunch in town. Their family-run business is time-tested. Famous, anyone who's anyone in Somerville knows about this quaint little spot on Bow Street. 

Go with a friend or a group, but keep it under 5, they simply don't have the room to operate large groups. Unless, of course, you eat outside in their courtyard, which is only open during warmer weather.

They are known for their cream of wheat, lightly topped with cinnamon. They're famous for their eggs, always cooked to your taste, as well as the corned beef hash and home fries, possibly best in the city. 

Drink some coffee and gnosh on some cake outside while you wait, because 9 times out of 10, you will wait about 15 minutes.Ask for water when you get seated, and when you do, be sure to ask for the whole table, or they'll just bring you one. 

If you frequent this spot, I recommend everything on the menu, because it's all good."
Portuguese breakfast!  Ohhh yah. It was sooo good and filling my cousin was out of breath from the food high.
"The breakfast here is great, and it starts with amazing cream of wheat!  Yup, that's right. The cream of wheat is off the hook! 

I usually get the corn beef hash and it is deeelicious!! The portions are huge and the price is right. 

Be prepared to wait a little if you arrive during normal breakfast/brunch time on the weekend. 

Parking is metered//street so come prepared with quarters. 

Also, it's a cash only joint, but they have an ATM inside.

You won't be disappointed :-)"
"So I'd rate this as a 3.5 if I could because this is a really nice place and the pricepoint is outstanding. You get a lot of food for what you pay for. For $6.99 I got a (very) small cup of OJ, coffee, a bowl of cream of wheat, 3 eggs, potatoes, 3 pancakes and a muffin. On top of that, everyone was really nice and the outdoor seating area is great.
On the downside, the food isn't that great. They add tons of butter to the cream of wheat (which is why I think everyone likes it so much), the eggs were fine, the OJ was not fresh, the potatoes weren't anything special and the pancakes really didn't have much to them. 

What it came down to for me is would I come back. For what it was, I doubt it, hence the round down and not the round up."
Homemade and fabulous. One of the best breakfasts in New England or anywhere. Excellent options for vegetarians but their meats are also great. The secret-recipe cream of wheat is like a dessert, rich and creamy. They get it all right. Just get there early or be ready for a wait.
When you go in the morning for brunch you end up waiting in line, and it seems to suck, but you actually get free coffee and pastry bites while you wait. It shows they care! Though doubtful, the cream of wheat was truly amazing - it is a nice warm bite to have after waiting outside in the cold on a New England morning. I've had the waffle with fruit (comes with hash, eggs, and sausage too) with orange juice and coffee. It's really an incredible amount of food that tastes amazing. I've also had just the eggs and hash. Be prepared to eat a lot, be surrounded in a small divey place, and enjoy every moment of it. Cash only here, so be ready (they have an ATM though). You really can't go wrong with brunch here on Sundays. It's one of those restaurants that will become a stand by that you recommend to your friends, that you bring your parents to, and that you will remember for years to come!
Er~it is really delicious. I tried their brunch with friend before. You  can choose to have Buffet on Friday morning so I ordered buffet you know I cannot say no to buffet. Then my friend went on with omelet. Then before her food was served I was already full with beacon and meat. So the entire brunch was totally like a one person style. But I would still recommend this if you want tasty brunch but do not want pay more .
"We went as a group of 6 and although the wait was long, the food was great.  We signed in and waited about 30 min for a table on Sunday morning, which was fine with us.  At first the waiter was very attentive, but after we placed our order, we needed to chase him down for coffee and follow up a couple of times for the food thinking they forgot about us. But the food was great and different from your normal breakfast places.  My daughter got a crepe with nutella and banana, my mom ordered salmon and poached eggs, and I had the Portuguese special, the others opted for the regular breakfast fare and we all had fresh fruit.  The food was great, except for the meat cake on mine.  It may just be something I don't like, but it was terrible.
If you go, you will get a huge plate of great food, but go with someone you like because you will be spending a lot of time together."
Delicious home food.  Reminded me of having breakfast with my grandma. Cold day, warm kitchen, good company, and the scent of cinnamon in the air. Wait staff was attentive without hovering. Thing that made me sad was the coffee... That was like grandma's as well.
Best breakfast in metro Boston.  Amazing food friendly staff.  Good times all around.   Never had a bad experience.
"Jesse and I finally went here this morning since we were both lounging around the house and I didn't feel like cooking.  It was a nice treat.  The place is small, and really the only thing I would change is the lighting (it's bad fluorescent) and the walls are bright green.  I did like the taxidermied birds in the cage hanging over the table in the front window.....kinda creepy, but 100% awesome. 

Here's what's good:
 
First off, you're served orange juice automatically if you're there for breakfast.  Always awesome.  

Our food was really quick.  

Our coffee was refilled when it got low.  

 Service was good.  

Portuguese pastries come with every meal, as does either fruit or cream of wheat.

Only complaint:

My broccoli and cheese omelet was mainly broccoli, which I would be okay with if the broccoli was fresh vs. frozen.  It was still a good breakfast."
"This place makes you wait a pretty long time for food and my meal was pancakes though the syrup didn't have much flavor and there are TONS of birds and they even land on the tables! One thing that earns a star from me is that it is a block away from union square donuts which is to die for! Another star is that there are grape vines acting as the roof though I don't know if it's real or not it is still soooooooo cool! I love all the plastic and metal statues on the side and there are angels, animals and cars; it's all so different though also it also all fits in!  THAT is what seems cool. Otherwise the orange juice tastes freshly squeezed and the place has salt, 
sugar,mayo and ketchup and I just love the roof!
Pics of the roof are down below!"
"Awesome breakfast place with beautiful patio dining in the summer. 

I kid you not, their cream of wheat (comes free with every meal) is outstanding!

Two things stand out at this place: 1) value (prices are fair and portions are large); and 2) their patio is gorgeous (this is my #1 breakfast spot on a nice day)."
Nicest people, prettiest outdoor seating in summer, very good food, excellent value, tasty coffee, best cream of wheat ever! Just love coming here, well taken care of even when waiting in line.  Best for big groups in summer though somehow they accommodate!  Just can't tell you how much I like the people...
Just had brunch here with my family and had a wonderful experience. I'm vegan and couldn't find something on the menu so the waitress helped put something together (a plate with veggies, hash browns, and rice and beans) and it was delicious!!! I had been worried seeing nothing vegan on the menu (the pancakes and waffles have milk and eggs) but was completely satisfied. The staff was nice to us and loved spending time with our baby :) We will definitely go back soon.
I'm a breakfast lover so this place was always right in my wheel house.  Living only a short walk away I frequented regularly during the week as it can get quite busy on the weekends.  I loved how even if the outside wasn't open they would always seat singles at one of the big tables together so I never had to worry about taking a table up if I was just by myself.  When you don't have time to sit down it was always easy to grab a quick Cream of Wheat on the go.  Great service and wonderful food.  Try the spinach / feta omelet!
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because it was a pretty long wait to get a table (almost an hour). But they definitely made up for it in how quick the service was once we went inside. The amount of food they give you for what you're paying is amazing. They give you a plate of bread and a random baked good. Unlimited coffee, hot coco or tea. Fresh squeezed OJ. an appetizer of fruit or cream of wheat. I just wanted to pause for a moment and talk about the cream of wheat. I'm always weary of ordering c.w at restaurants but my friend told me I should. It was amazing, great thickness, sweetened perfectly, the only thing was it was a little too much cinnamon but not overpowering. I order the pancakes, eggs, homefries and a side of linguica. The linguica was not my thing but everything else was really good. The eggs and pancakes were so fluffy and great. I just wish it was the kind of place I could just go and sit down and not having to deal with waiting. But I will say they try to make people comfortable as they wait by giving out bread and coffee.
"Oh dear god.  This place is amazing.  Please note: I didn't say fancy or ridiculously cool or even gimmicky.  I said AMAZING.

I could praise the sheer abundance of food one gets with every order (if you like cream of wheat, pick that instead of the fruit--you'll thank me later).  Or the fact that every meal comes with a variety of freshly baked goods.  Or perhaps the Portuguese dishes that make me feel like someone's grandmother might have created.  I could praise the friendly service, and the fact that I never feel forgotten in the melee that is brunch.  I could also praise the coffee and bread available as one waits in line (and sometimes, there's a wait).  Or maybe I'd praise the option of eating outdoors when the weather is just right.

Yes, I could praise these things.  But I think the throngs of people that flock to this place in all kinds of weather can attest to its greatness.  It's cash only and no reservations, but the wait is pleasant and totally worth it.

Bottom line: I come here again and again.  Oh dear god it's amazing."
"Breakfast at The Neighborhood is generally good to great. My favorite part is how they give you some OJ right off the bat, and your choice of cream of wheat or fruit. It's just a nice way to start a meal. They also give you complimentary toast with your food--a nice varied selection of buttered toast, jelly, and sweet bread.

I usually order the pancakes (which are homemade like all their breads AFAIK, it is a bakery), homefries,  and bacon. I have to say, the homefries aren't my cup of tea. They're just always a little raw-ish. I like homefries that are soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. Nevertheless, everything together makes a really satisfying package.

The Neighborhood was recently renovated. I haven't seen the inside yet; the outside changes are subtle but nice--the greenery looks spruced up. In the winter it's very cramped inside; in the summer the outside gets very busy, but once you sit down it's nice and relaxing, and cool in the shade. The waitstaff is attentive, and as long as there aren't any screaming children around you'll have a nice experience. 

Highly recommended!"
"I live up the street from this place, so frequent it a lot.

Pros:
Outside dining under the grape arbor! Love it! 
Cheap
Delicious


Cons:
Inside dining is CRAMPED!
Only CASH
No reservations
Overworked waitstaff"
I really enjoy having breakfast at neighborhood restaurant. I had breakfast at neighborhoods several times and it's always delicious, prepared nicely, and with lots of flavor. The only con I have is that it's a small establishment and when the line is to long I have to go somewhere else :(....For all the meat lovers out there I would recommend #27 (steak tips and eggs).
Never never disappoints! We have been here many times for brunch and love it !! I especially enjoy being here in the summer months and sitting by the grapevine enjoying the delicious brunch! The food has always been bang on , I have tried their omelettes , pancakes , crepes , all perfect! It does get busy over the weekend but with the delicious food that they serve , it's totally worth the wait! A special mention to their killer cream of wheat! It's just that good!
The brunch is delicious, the staff is very friendly and it's like a cultural experience trying the cream of wheat and eating at a restaurant with such a family vibe. It's packed on the weekends for brunch so you have to wait outside but they even provide pastry samples and coffee while you wait. Beware, they don't accept cards but there is an ATM inside. Not a ton of atmosphere in terms of decor but it's not really that kind of place anyways.
Wow is this place good for breakfast. Can't  say that I went there but a Co worker brought me back the best corned beef hash I ever had. It was made with a Portuguese spice, came with fruit a muffin ,toast , home fries, certainly was not cheap but I'll be back for more
"This is definitely the hidden gem of Cambridge. 

Listen to all the other reviewers and get the cream of wheat!! 

I would come here and pay the price of a full meal for just the cream of wheat. But instead, I religiously go through and try sometime new on the menu each time I come. Some day soon, I will have tried all their brunch specials (I hope!). 

The pancakes are fluffy- so delicious you don't need syrup at all. I just eat them straight. The belgian waflle with fruit is yummy too. And you are feeling something savory, the omelets and eggs benedict definitely hit the spot too. 

Warning: there will be long lines during the weekends."
"Nice little spot in Somerville! The service is prompt and friendly. I ordered a Turkey Club on Wheat bread and it is paired w/ fries. The turkey is real sliced breast(not deli turkey)piled high and the lettuce/tomato were fresh. I would prefer a better whole grain bread w/ a middle slice, but that's not a huge deal. The fries were average. 
I will come another day to try out the breakfast menu. 
The outside seating is fantastic! They have a large area underneath thick grape vines. Beautiful. 
I would definitely recommend if your in the area!"
"Today we had the eggs Benedict and their coconut french toast. All of the meals come with cream of wheat or fruit, orange juice, coffee, toast, and your meal. 
   The portions are HUGE. They have a $3 sharing fee. My coconut french toast came with all of the above and bacon, home fries, and 2 eggs. There was more than enough for two people to share!! 
    On the weekends this place is packed!!! Expect a line!! They do offer coffee and snacks when you wait. During the warm weather they have outside seating. Parking can be tough, it is union sq!!! We have been coming for YEARS!!!! The wait staff is always friendly and sweet!!!"
"this place is a great for breakfast.  you might have to wait - but it's worth it! (make sure to sign in if you are waiting - i didn't realize that and then got seated later than people that came after me).

the chorizo is homemade!  =) yum.  the cream of wheat is good too!  it is really rich though - so share w/ someone.  i had the pumpkin pancakes and i could only finish one before i was stuffed.  but everything is fresh and i haven't eaten anything that i don't like on the menu.  

:) delish!"
So. Much. Food.  Crazy crowded but that's a reassuring sign of its popularity.  As everyone else has said, get the Cream of Wheat.
I'm glad I went. Its a nice thing in practice: sitting outside, enjoying breakfast. But most of my time was spent listening to my neighbors on my picknick table's conversation and swatting flies. The food was good, just not spectacular enough to make me forget the unfun part.
This place has a nice outdoor patio, and copious amounts of food. However, for me the food and coffee are barely a step up from Denny's. It's very greasy-diner-like. Coffee is served in plastic mugs, and everything smells like meat. However, the service is friendly.
"Decided to come here because the outdoor area looked so lovely (and it really was perfect, quiet and cool). The food was very good, but my main reason for writing a review is to say how amazing the service was, especially our waitress Shayna. She was so sweet and accommodating, even making up some simple syrup on the spot for our coffee when we asked if they had any. Such a wonderful smile and kind person :) thank you!
PS place is cash only so come prepared!"
Food is average for the amount of time you have to wait, but the service and ambiance more than outweigh the food in this case.  I've had the french toast on sweetbread, which was soft (almost soggy) and eggy.  My friend raved about the cream of wheat, but I thought it was just ehhh.  Ambiance:  LOVE!!  There is no better place to have brunch on a warm summer weekend, if you can take the wait!  Even though I should take off a star for food and star for wait, I'm going to give this place 4 stars based on ambiance and great, friendly fast service.
I have never had a bad meal here. The service is always very friendly, but it can get kind of chaotic! There is normally a wait on the weekends. There is lots of permit and metered parking around. Their cream of wheat is the best I have ever had. My mother in law will come from the cape for it! There is outside seating in the nice weather, seating inside and out are pretty limited quantity wise. When you are sitting outside you can be sitting on picnic benches (no back) or at a patio table (fits about 4 people).
I'm not usually a fan of breakfast places, but I won't turn down a good breakfast if someone persuades me, and the Neighborhood Restaurant is a solid bet for a good breakfast. This is a tiny joint with low prices, simple food, massive portions, and incredible side dishes. Their pancakes and waffles are perfectly cooked, and from what I saw of my friends' breakfast sausages, the meats are great, too. They also serve some Portuguese-inspired breakfast platters if you are wanting something other than the traditional American breakfast. We came for breakfast food in the middle of the day, and I was still full that night (and I'd taken half my food home with me too).
"I was blown away by my first time there. I truly appreciate how beautiful it was to be sitting underneath the grapevines. 

I got the eggs Benedict with bacon and beef hash. It was phenomenal!"
Love the Neighborhood Restaurant. I used to come to the restaurant weekly I'm the 90's. I had the opportunity to return this weekend and was happy to see that it was just a great as I remembered. My family sat outside on the patio and had a range of meals. I went back to my old faithful...cream of wheat followed by a plate of hash with a side of eggs. Perfection. My kids loved the waffles and pancakes. We went for brunch around noon and only had to wait about 15 minutes. Great mix of crowd too. I think favorably of my years living in Union Square and the Neighborhood restaurant was a big part of it. Will be back the next time I am in the greater Boston area.
"Super cute place! Especially outside under the grapevines on a gorgeous summer morning.

We found this gem because of yelp and it is now one of my favorites!

Let me start off with this - I have never in my life had cream of wheat before. To be honest with you, it sounds like something a 90 year old woman would eat because she isn't able to chew and doesn't have many taste buds left. But can I just say? I am officially a fan! Maybe it is the massive amounts of butter and cinnamon that they put in but whatever it is, I want more! LOVE IT!

The hubby had a special which included waffles, eggs, sausage and potatoes. He loved it and couldn't finish his food (which is rarity because he is a human garbage disposal). I opted for the grill plate which had lamb, chicken and beef. Delicious.

The place has a long wait (we waited about an hour) but it is so worth it."
If I could I'd give it a 3.5. The food was good...nothing spectacular. Not a must eat place to go to. Not worth the 30mins wait. Pancakes.. Homefries..bacon...sausage...eggs. were all good. Beware...they do bring out a plate for everything instead of condensing.  The tables are already small due to everything they have on it (condiments). They don't come to the table asking ok bacon..eggs..homefries? They would say number 9? And they assume that you remember the number that's on the menu. Guess what that's not my job.
SO. MUCH. FOOD. Kind of a confusing wait system when we got there (you need to sign in on a sheet of paper outside the door) but definitely worth the wait. The food was pretty good and they gave you so much of it! A standard brunch comes with fruit, cream of wheat, orange juice, and a little muffin basket before you even order anything. The berry pancakes were delicious and my boyfriend got an omlette which he said was good too. The decor was a little lacking, and we were trapped in a corner behind other tables who had to get up to let us out/in but who really cares about that. I will definitely return on a nice day to eat in their outside area
"good sized portions, competent food.  Crepes/Blinzes are the outstanding dish here, as well as the side dishes of cream of wheat made with pure butter.  the rest is your standard omelets, pancakes, etc etc etc.    Some portuguese stuff sprinkled in, i.e. linguica omelets, etc.  

Down side: popularity has surged the past few years.   Mobbed the the college and immediate post college crowd...haven't been able to actually get in for the past year and a half with the hour and a half wait on sunday brunch times.."
"This place is great for breakfast! But first thing you have to know is it's cash only! There are atm's around the neighbourhood to get money from.

I ordered an egg and Portuguese sausage breakfast which was great. My friend had same thing. Upon being seated you do get a cute little glass of juice automatically. 

I opted for the cream of wheat option my egg breakfast came with. My friend opted for the fruit option. 

I didn't know what the big deal was with the cream of wheat until the table next to us told me they are known for their cream of wheat. Then I got it served. It came sprinkled with cinnamon on top and I dug in. OMG! Let me tell you it was no joke delicious! It was very buttery yet creamy at the same time. I don't know how they make it, but I noticed everyone getting the cream of wheat! 

Seating is outdoors and indoors. I also learned they make the jam from the grape vines which cover the outdoor seating area. Very cool chill neighbourhood  food restaurant and good friendly service."
"whoa, how have I not reviewed this yet. I've been coming here for about 5 years! It wasn't until my brother in law told me he was craving a bowl of there creme of wheat while traveling all around the world that I decided to stop ordering the fruit and give it a try. 
I think I wept over all those bowls I forsook in the past for the crap shoot that is there ""fruit bowl.""
The other discovery is the health menu. Its so much fun to ask for eggs over easy instead of egg whites, and real bacon instead of the turkey stuff. Can I get butter with the waffles?
You will walk away from brunch here stuffed and probably good for the rest of the day. Anticipate a half hour wait on the weekend, but service is quick (unless you end up in there very relaxing patio... then all bets are off)"
Great food. Fair prices. Love to sit outside under the grape arbor!
Definitely my 'go to' breakfast spot in Somerville. I love breakfast and The Neighborhood hits all the marks. Awesome food, great Portuguese dishes, fresh fruits (that change daily and seasonally), eating outside under the grapevine in the summer, and friendly staff. Need I say more? The portions are huge, my little girl looooves the cream of wheat, and my older kids love their sweet bread french toast with fresh berries or the waffle with fresh fruit. Their omelettes are great and they definitely aren't using boxed eggs. Everything tastes fresh and is served hot and fast. AND you get a glass of the best orange juice that had ever hit my lips as soon as you sit down!!! I love supporting local small businesses and this is one My family and I have been supporting for 20+ years and will continue to support.
"Get the cream of wheat.  Stop questioning and just do it (on the off possibility that you just wandered off the street and weren't brought here by an all-knowing local as I was).  

With cream of wheat as a strong starter it only goes up from there.  A full menu--all of which looked delicious--greets you once you've made that first all-important decision.  I went with the daily special, which happened to be french toast.  Fantastic.  And after the cream of wheat, you'll leave with leftovers.  Hooray for second breakfast!

Good price, cozy place--though watch out anyone over 6' using the bathroom...you'll know what I'm talking about.  

If you're in the neighborhood it's DEFINITELY a spot to check out."
The Neighborhood Restaurant is the Somerville version of Zaftigs in Brookline. This brunch place has cheaper dishes that includes free fruit, coffee, strudel, and dessert from their bakery. The actual place isn't as fancy as Zaftigs or kosher, but it features art from local artists, making it truly a neighborhood cafe. The wait is comparable to Zaftigs, so get there early on the weekend (before 11am) or else face the line out the door. Weekdays are a lot calmer. During the spring, there is an outdoor patio.
"The Neighborhood is by far my favorite brunch spot in Somerville/Cambridge. Is this place going to be the best food you have ever had? No, I certainly cannot say that. But I'm giving it 5 stars because I love coming here on a sunny Sunday afternoon with friends, sitting outside, having friendly service and conversation, accompanied by tasty food. 

I would compare the food to when your spatula wielding mother, who is a fierce force to be reckoned with in the kitchen, decides to get a little daring with her usual routine. Expect a home cooked brunch (omelette's, pancakes, the usual fare) with a slew of interesting specials if you so choose (tropical pancakes with mango's? Yes please!) You get tons of food too- a cup of coffee, home fries, fruit or cream of wheat, and OJ (someone said it was Tang in a review below- but I've always gotten fresh squeezed) comes with every meal. 

There is usually a line, so expect to wait a while, maybe 20 or 30 minutes (and you sign in yourself- find the clipboard!) and come hungry!"
"Love this place! 

Cream of wheat - Best I've had
OJ - Super fresh
Whole Wheat French Toast with berries - Amazing, light, fluffy
Hash/Potatoes - lovely, delicious
Portions - Huge! (breakfast leftovers anyone?)
Price - Cheap! $10 (can easily split dishes with someone)
Crowded - YES! Get here early (by 10am) or there is a wait.
Waiter with Huge Biceps - Yes he is there...and Yes he will serve you food with his huge arm. 

Go there!"
"Ambiance: very lovely outdoors space. Hairs/tables a bit dated but the beautiful grapevine covering the outdoor area makes it all better. Service, while friendly, can be a bit slow. They have a decent amount of seating but it goes fast. You have to put your own name down on the list; there was no host.

Food: best Cream of Wheat I've ever had! Their pancakes and eggs are just ok. Portions are crazy generous.

Will come back for Cream of Wheat!
Bon apetit!"
"This is my second time ordering here.  This first time was amazing and the communication with changes was perfect. (I ordered online via Foodler/Dashed.

Today, I ordered because my parents came to visit and I wanted to share this gem with them.

1st - they didn't send the three coffees that were supposed to come with the order and no one called to communicate that this would happen .  I had to call to find out what happened because they just delivered coffee here last week.

2nd - we all ordered toast with our meal and we were only given the same amount I received when I ordered only one order last week.

3rd- I specifically requested that they cook the peppers and onions in their neighborhood omelette really well... They were still crunchy.  My father didn't finish his omelette.

Seems like this place is only good if you are in house and don't make adjustments to how they do things.

I called about the coffee and toast, and the delivered the coffee... Extremely burned and dark...it seemed like it was done on purpose becausethe coffee was much better the week before.

Definitely impacted our breakfast... Dumped the coffee out and head to Dunkin.  What is breakfast without coffee?! ;)

Don't order online from here.  Head into the restaurant."
The outdoor patio is DEFINITELY the reason to go. Oh, and the awesome food and free shit that comes with your meal. My boyfriend and I just ate there for the first time and were really impressed. There was a 25 minute wait at about 11:15 on a Saturday - not bad. We got a free little sample sized glass of freshly squeezed OJ and a choice of a baked apple or cream of wheat to start. We both had the baked apple, which was prepared with honey and cinnamon. We both had omelettes which were great, and we had no complaints about service. I docked a star just because some of the staff seemed juuust a tad unorganized, but they were busy so I do understand. Also, my date didn't get the omelette he ordered but it was still good. Overall an excellent place for a sunny weekend brunch!
This is a great local spot. Good menu and great brunch. Very reasonable prices and large amount of food. Try the linguica omelet which was berry good. Great service.
"I don't understand how anyone could give this place a bad review, unless you hate things like delicious food and casual atmosphere.  Complaining about the vegetarian options at a portuguese restaurant is like complaining about the noise at a rock show.  And for the record, the pastries/breads are 100% made from scratch, which may be hard to believe when you bite into them.  The ambience is nothing to write home about, but again, if you go here expecting the cheesecake factory with vegetarian options, you should probably just go there instead.

Bottom line, this place is amazing for breakfast if you actually have an appetite and don't complain about minor details, like ambience and location of the bathroom.  It's always busy for a reason.

Also, ordering a portuguese breakfast without the meat is one of the most hilarious things I've ever heard.  Next time I order a salad I'm going to ask for no lettuce."
"Decided to give this place a go after the numerous glowing reviews here. In summary, had a very filling breakfast with very few taste-related complaints, although the experience didn't knock my socks off, and I don't think I'd ever yearn for a return visit.

The restaurant is pretty crowded, seat yourself, friendly and prompt service. They only take cash, so hit the ATM before you go. Food is cooked extra fast and brought up from the kitchen in the bowels of the restaurant.  The menu is pretty extensive although any substitutions will cost you apparently one dollar each. Says so on the menu.

Servings are enormous. Over two full plates of food per person. If your meal comes with eggs, expect three full eggs. Over a cup and a half of hash browns. A generous scoop of sliced fruit on top of the Belgian waffle. I mean just absurd amounts of food. With every meal they also bring a plate of butter bathed bread and a brownie, just cuz. unlimited diner coffee included as well.

It would be more reasonable to split plates because of the BUCKETS of food they serve, but sharing a meal will cost you $3.00 extra- boo!

CONS:
-don't take credit cards, and I'm really post-cash, myself
-The fruit salad they served as sort of an appetizer was semi decomposing. you know, that slimy type film. Guh.
-My biggest con issue is the orange juice. Wait, ""Orange Juice."" I seriously think it either comes out of a machine or is made of TANG POWDER. Seriously. I'm a major orange juice fanatic, so this really wounded my experience. Additionally, the menu claims it to be ""fresh squeezed"" but that is pure bullshit and I would like to sue them for false advertising.
-I prefer a cripsyish plate of homefries but they like the soggy rounded lumps of greasy kind. Eh. Whatever floats your boat.
-Plate sharing fee of $3/ea

But the pancakes and waffles were orgasmic. Get #99 which is pumpkin cinnamon pancakes w/ pecans and mascarpone on top. Purely divine.

I'd say if you live close by (the ""Neighborhood"") go for it, otherwise, don't bother."
"Super good. The old standby.

I actually am glad I have a job. Or otherwise I could justify going here every morning and would get really fat.

For not much money."
"Awesome place! Not much more to say about how great this place is.

Good prices and tons of food! The pumpkin pan cakes are delicious! Big and fluffy with the right amount of pumpkin and seasonings. The eggs and potatoes are great as well. I want to eat everything on the menu when I go.

The cream of wheat is awesome (the fruit salad was a little let down).  At like everyone else said, the baked goods are great. The toast is just perfect.

Just be sure to arrive early to bet the crowd. I am sure i will be visiting this place time and time again. (don't forget cash only!)"
"Go go gadget: cream of wheat. 

After being in a relationship with a breakfast man for months and months, I had the opportunity to try many of Somerville's, Cambridge's and Allston's breakfast locals. No omelet, muffin or pancake stacks up to the sweet cinnamon divinity of the cream of wheat appetizer which comes along with many of the breakfast meals. 

Sitting outside under the grape leaves of the terrace is very relaxing. Families are very welcome, and I always notice how the kiddies get better treatment here than most other restaurants. The diversity of the patrons not only in just age, makes coming the The Neighborhood Restaurant feel like catching a glimpse of an entire neighborhood. Just don't expect it to be the type of community where you have a lot of personal space. I love the familiarity of the wait staff and of my fellow diners. 

Go to The Neighborhood Restaurant and Bakery and be prepared to eat. Njummm"
This is my favorite brunch spot! Not only do you get a TON of food for a low cost, but it's yummy to the max. It feels like a visit to your grandma's house (only if your grandma is a good cook though)... The staff is so friendly, and the outdoor patio is perfect for the summer months.
Great place, nice service and good menu. But their omelets (I asked for the two more famous ones) came a bit cold.
cant wait for wamer weather to eat outside!
Tons of food for $8-10, so great value. On the several occasions I've ordered it, the steak (and eggs) is seasoned and cooked nicely. I much prefer my dining experience here on lazy weekday mornings, because the weekends can get a little crowded.
Love this place! Be prepared to wait on a busy weekend, but it is worth it.  Everything comes with a small oj, bottomless coffee or tea (me, the tea drinker appreciated the ready made simple black tea and no tea bags to fumble with), and cream of wheat or fruit.  Now I'm not a cram of wheat fan (I know, I know), but my husband loves it and he comes just for it.  As for price, after living in Boston for 10+ years and eating a lot of breakfast, I'd say you cannot beat the amount of food you get for the price.
Adorable outdoor space with birds and a ceiling of grape vines. Food was excellent as well as our server Shana. The other staff aside from our server were still very helpful and checking on us as well. Great teamwork. I truly enjoyed eating here!
"One of the best brunches in Somerville, no question. 

Value for money doesn't begin to explain it. Actually we're not sure how they manage to make a profit and afford the hummers in the car lot next door after all they dish out for customers. 

You can order one dish to split (at $3 extra) and still struggle to get through all that they offer. And I can eat. Coffee, orange juice, a bowl of cream of wheat or fresh fruit (go with the cream of wheat/crack no matter how anyone tries to dissuade you), a plate full of pastries and muffins, and then, oh yeah, your actual order. If you ordered a special (which you very well should from the handwritten inserts), you'll likely get two plates full of eggs, french toast / pancakes, potatoes, sausages, maybe beans and rice. So much. 

There will be a wait. Prepare thyself. Luckily, they extend their generosity to the sidewalk outside - grab a cup of coffee and muffin (or skip it, you'll soon repent wasting precious stomach space) while you strategize over the menu. Specials are always good and plentiful. My only regret is never having ordered the Portugese offerings. 

Take cash with you (although they have an ATM), a friend or two in tow, and absolutely nothing in your belly prior."
"When you get here, put your name in on the clipboard and help yourself to some coffee and pastry - it's gonna be a wait...but worth it.

The specials come with orange juice, pastries for the table and your choice of fruit or cream of wheat - and that's before whatever you ordered.  Brunch will run you about 15 bucks, but you'll be full all day!

The service was a little slow, but servers were happy to get us whatever we needed, and we were well taken care of.  

Overall a great brunch and I bet it would be a good fix for a hangover.  Looking forward to going back and trying something new."
Loved it. Im not going to repeat anything everyone elses already said but just wanted to stop by here and mention that i went for the first time this weekend and it really did live up to the hype. I was ready to find something wrong. NOPE! Everything they have is good and they are willing to make changes to accomodate you if for instance you want coconut on the french toast even though its not on the specials for the day.  Loved it. Cant wait to visit again so i can make that my sunday morning ritual. Oh, i recommend sending someone to put your name on the list then coming back later because its a pretty long wait on the weekends after noon.
I came here with my daughters and had an amazing breakfast experience. Since this place is so popular expect a wait. While waiting, enjoy the free coffee and baked goods to help pass the time waiting for your table. The outside dining area (we came in June)  is very nice - Grapevines over the tables provide plenty of shade and the tables are a mixture of outdoor plastic and public park tables. I'm glad they seated us on a table with chairs w/back rests. Everything is home made! Starting with fresh OJ and coffee which is included with the breakfast, as well as all the spread and muffins! Keep in mind the breakfast was $14 a plate, but in did include the OJ, all you can drink coffee, and endless baked goods! The baked goods vary day to day, but I've heard its always good and definitely freshly baked! Service was good - Our waiter was a local Bostonian, loud and attentive. I'd recommend this place to anyone visiting the area, you can get a really good feel of the neighborhood vibe, see the local people who were diverse, eclectic and nice people. Cool comic book shop almost next door too. I'll be back to this place.
"I wish I could give this place more than three stars, but after hearing about it for so long, I was not blown away when I finally got there. The ambiance is supposed to be charming, but the bright-colored walls didn't do it for me, and there are some awkward seating arrangements. Plus, the chairs are heavy and cumbersome. 

The food was fine. I think the best thing on our table was the mascarpone french toast, which was a special that weekend. My cheese omelet was so-so and greasy. The linguiça (Portuguese sausage) is good, but mine was a little dry, I thought.

The service was decently fast, but one had to try hard to get their attention.

Oh, and when you're offered fruit or cream of wheat, go with the cream of wheat!"
"Yup...I like this place. A lot. 

It is one of those places that ""make you never want to spend a pretentious hour or two of your life eating over priced brunch on Newbury street.""

If you walked by,  you could easily miss it. Than you see all this cool outdoor colorful seating under a tent like structure. Almost looks like someone is having a sweet sixteen party in their side yard and their family is seated at plastic tables strewn about.

Than you see the wait staff. 

Chill people. Yummy food. Coffee strong and flowing. Try the crepes and tomato and cheese omelet.....yes it's my old stand by, but I will never give up on it.

Anywhoo, It is a bit crowded and somewhat of a wait, but that is what makes your score of a meal SO worth it. 

For some insane reason there is always a table full of hot looking intellectual guys that just rolled out of bed and look like they should be on the cover of a GQ magazine. Not my type and rare for the 'ville............but that fact along with a crepe and a taste of pancakes, makes Cara a good girl .........

Oh, bring your own juice. It is seriously a glass made for smurfette herself."
This is a very affordable and delicious little dive restaurant. Your meal comes with the best tasting cream of wheat you'll ever have, orange juice and coffee. Make sure to bring cash because they don't take CC's!
My husband and I go out of our way to eat breakfast here whenever we're in Boston. I crave the cream of wheat that is complimentary with every breakfast. You get a lot of food for the price. It's cash only but they have an ATM inside.
"Definitely worth the 45 min wait. Fresh brownies were served to us while we were waiting for our table. As soon as you sit at your table, you get fresh orange juice and coffee. Then you have a choice of fruits/ cream of wheat before you can start your breakfast/ brunch meal. The whole wheat pancakes were fluffy and delicious and I couldn't get enough of the home fries. 
Tip: This is a cash only place! 
Must visit!"
We love these guys - we'd go every weekend if we could.  Great service, food - outside in the summer - you cannot beat it.  Such a nice family owned establishment...
This place is AMAZING in every way. First off, the food is amazing. The menu is quite extensive with almost every breakfast item you can imagine. And yes, the Cream of Wheat is absolutely delicious. While entrees can run from $10-$15, you really get the most for your buck since they give you complimentary juice, coffee, toast, cream of wheat or fruit, and other goodies (one time we got a slab of red velvet cake. YUM!). Considering how expensive even breakfast places can be in this area, you really feel like you're getting a value meal. The location is also great in Union Square, with the outdoor seating and vineyard feel great for sunny days. And while, yes, there is always a long wait, and yes, they only take cash, those are just minor grievances considering how worth it it is for the scrumptious food.
The broccoli omelette and steak tips w/eggs are awesome!  Gorgeous patio seating. Fine service.
"The first time I ate here was in 2005 or 2006, when I was in college and a friend's boyfriend drove us to Union Square. I didn't return until this year and am so glad I re-discovered it. My mouth-watering memories of the cream of wheat were not shattered -- it is indeed delicious, cinnamony-sweet. Maybe they add tons of butter to it, but it is akin to ambrosia because of it. 

I brought my dad here for a weekend brunch and insisted we return a week later for one last amazing breakfast before he left town. Last week, I ordered french toast with the homemade sweet bread and, of course, cream of wheat. All breakfasts come with unlimited coffee or tea, a small glass of orange juice, and either a small fruit plate or hot cereal. The cream of wheat they serve is in a fairly large bowl, and considering the meals themselves are already enormous, I ordered the cream of what and asked my dad to get the fruit, so that we could share each. The french toast was perfection (soft on the inside but not raw, sweet but not disgustingly so, lovely crusts). I was incredibly hungry and still only managed to eat 1 or 1.5 of the 2 slices because there was so much food. The bacon was crispy, just the way I like it. My dad ordered three fried eggs overeasy, and they were so good he ordered the same dish when we returned today.

Today, while my dad ordered the same thing as last week (#2 on the menu), I went with #98, a daily special. The french toast made with coconut milk and topped with coconut flakes and sliced almonds was divine. It was not overly sweet and the coconut flavor was not overpowering. The dish came with homefries, 2 sausages, and 2 eggs. I ordered fried eggs overeasy since they make them so well. However, I asked them to hold on the homefries because they were just not worth it -- and I'd rather save room for everything else! The sausages were alright, but I ended up leaving one on the plate because I finished my french toast and could not fit another bite. Next time, I'll ask them to hold the homefries again and might see if they will substitute bacon for the sausages. 

The service is very friendly and quick. The location is out-of-the-way if you do not have a car, but it is well worth begging a friend for a ride or taking the bus to Union Square. In warm weather, sitting outside under the brightly colored umbrellas and the grapevines (with many bunches of real grapes!) is idyllic.

The only reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is that the coffee is not as good as I would like it to be. Of course, you get an unlimited amount of it, so I can't complain. And the meal is so inexpensive when you think of what you get (a bountiful main dish, fruit or hot cereal, unlimited coffee/tea, homemade bread on the side, and a small OJ) that I would not want to fill up my stomach with coffee no matter how good it was anyway. In fact, I'd give it 4.5 stars but I cannot figure out how to do so on Yelp. This place is so good I signed up for Yelp just so that I could review it.

One note: The waiters/waitresses do not automatically serve glasses of water. Just ask for some if you get thirsty."
"I'm not sure I'll ever be able to forgive myself for waiting as long as I did to try the Neighborhood Restaurant. I have missed out on Saturday mornings full of wonderful cornbread and hollandaise for the past eight years.

Please excuse me while I dab away this single, dramatic tear.

...Ok back. ANYWAY. Here's what you do, kiddos. On Saturday morning, stride over to the restaurant to put your name on the list. Grab a cup of the free coffee and stroll over to the farmer's market for a few minutes. Buy the obligatory kale -- maybe some rainbow chard if you're feeling fancy. Wander back to the restaurant when you feel the breakfast nymphs calling your name, and spend the last 5 or 10 minutes of your wait near the entrance. 

Real talk? Once you place your order, it will be a while before it comes out.This is ok for a couple of reasons. One, the wait will be 4000% worth it. And two, you will be kept well-fed and watered (coffee-ed?) while you wait. Fruit. Cream of wheat. Coffee. OJ. All for the price of ""on the house."" And then it will happen: THE BREAD DROP. 

Your order will come out with a few slices of toast for the table, and a chunk of sweet, moist, delicious cornbread. Y'all, I'm getting emotional just thinking about it. On top of all this magicalness, you'll get whatever lovingly prepared dish you actually ordered. I got the grilled salmon with poached eggs and hollandaise. The salmon was cooked to medium rare perfection: flaky on the outside, moist on the inside. The poached eggs were the platonic ideal: soft but cooked white, runny and not-even-a-little-bit-firm yolk. All this and a side of shockingly flavorful beans and rice. You guys, I paid like $12 for that plate of food. ARE YOU SERIOUS WENDY (http://goo.gl/Mr4HJH)

So yeah. You should go to the Neighborhood Restaurant. ...Like, now."
"My wife and I had breakfast here this morning. It inspired me to finally create a Yelp account simply to rave about it.

It was amazing! 

The place looks totally unspectacular on the outside and would be extremely easy to miss, but what a find!

I don't know the health properties of that Cream of Wheat that is served as an included starter with any meal, but it was delicious (you can choose a fruit bowl instead if you prefer). You also get a complimentary small glass of orange juice when you sit down, which is a nice touch.

We were told to expect to have to wait to be seated, and apparently they are often quite busy, but we were able to sit right away and no one had to wait while we were there. However, if you do have to wait you also get complimentary warm cornbread apparently. Which is another nice touch that you'll find to be par for the course.

I ordered the #102 for my meal (whole wheat french toast with yogurt and granola and other stuff on it, eggs with some veggies and turkey bacon). It was all incredible. Seriously. My wife got steak and eggs and even the steak was great. We left stuffed and SO happy with our food choices. But also with the impression that we couldn't have gone wrong. 

So the food was all awesome. But in addition the service was spectacular! We were greeted by a super friendly and warm host, immediately had a gentleman come to our table to offer coffee, also had a cheery young lady come with the orange juice, and then had a very nice and on the ball waitress take care of us. Really every level of the service was a home-run. And the place is crazy busy, but that doesn't slow down this staff from treating everyone great one bit. Also our food arrived pretty darn quick. 

CONS: A TAD pricey, but not overly so and you unquestionably get tremendous value. Also it's very cramped in there. Not a lot of seating and an entertainingly small bathroom. Honestly that part was more charming than a con though, in my opinion. But if you're very up tight about personal space or noise or whatever, this might be a bit outside of your comfort zone.

Ok, rant over. 5 stars."
Love this place, especially when the courtyard is open!  So much food!  Come with your appetite!  And you have to try their famous Cream of Wheat!  Yum!
"This place is great and is one of the bigger reasons I miss living in Union Square.

 During the spring and summer you can sit outside in the huge patio area, sipping fruit juice mixed with spring water under a grape arbot. In the winter, things are more crowded and the wait is longer, but it is -so- worth it. You should absolutely get there early if you want to get in...but honestly, it's worth it even if you happen to be nursing the worst hangover ever.

You get these adorable little coffee cups with faces on them, and they start brunch off with a basket of assorted (delicious) pastries which on their own could be a meal.

The omelets are great, they have chorizo sausage, awesome waffles, delicious creme of wheat (and I don't generally like creme of wheat). 
Entrees come with a complimentary  glass of juice, the coffee flows non stop, even though the place is always packed the service is fast and friendly...When I go to places like this I'm baffled as to why people still worship Soundbytes, where the food isn't as good and the service is vaguely offensive.

I just love the Neighborhood and after writing this review have every intention of hitting them up at some point this week."
"Roberto C. recommended that I try this place due to my love of the caribbean french toast at the creamery in Palo Alto. This place is awesome.  The food was 4.5 stars and I say 4 stars overall because of the wait, which I know lots of people have commented on. We waited for an hour at about 1 PM on a Sunday, but by 3 PM there was no wait and I believe they are open till 4, so next time I'll be going around 3. 

They do bring sweet bread to you while you are waiting...you have to wait outside which was fine for us because it was a beautiful day, but if it's crappy outside you won't want to be waiting in it. You get to choose between cream of wheat and fruit, I wanted fruit but chose cream of wheat because of previous reviews. I was really glad I did, it was creamy and delicious and I saw someone else's fruit plate and it was pretty puny anyway.

So I got the coconut french toast which has coconut and pineapple on top of the french toast (unlike my favorite french toast of all time which has coconut cooked into the bread, with the batter). It came with eggs, ham, hashbrowns, and a basket of bread. It was a lot of food! I ate it all (except the ham) though because I had just run 16 miles, but on a normal day I maybe could have only eaten half...or ok 75% of it. And it's true, you get a free mini glass of OJ and free coffee. Although I think someone else said you are not able to get a big glass of OJ, but I saw someone served a huge glass of it, so that may be something they have changed. The waitresses are good but busy. If you go with 2 people, you will probably be seated about 1 inch away from another group of 2, but it's cozy.

NOTE: They only accept cash, there's a Bank of America and Citizens ATM down the street though, so hit it before you get there."
"This was the most delicious breakfast I've ever had.  The end.  

Did you know that Cream of Wheat is delicious?  I had absolutely no idea.  I assumed the 300 people on Yelp that talked about Cream of Wheat here were a part of some crazy Cream of Wheat cult that had overtaken the reviews here and were trying to trick me into getting some.  Well, I drank the kool-aid, and it tastes amazing.  This Cream of Wheat is like a liquid cinnamon roll as it warms you to your very core.  It is so delicious.  I want some now, but now I'm home, and I'm pretty sure this isn't reproducible without some sort of black magic.   

The belgian waffle that came after I came out of my Cream of Wheat frenzy was engulfed in fruit - blueberries, strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, and bananas.  It refused to be overshadowed by the Cream of Wheat and brought it's a-game.  So I ate it.  I ate it all.  And I loved every second of it.  

Do you know what wasn't amazing?  The homefries.  
Do you know what you don't give a $h*+ about after eating that amazing Cream of Wheat plus a delicious fruit-a-licious waffle?  The homefries.  

If you're thinking of going, quit.  Just do it."
"this is my favorite brunch place in Boston. Granted, once I found it, I immediately ceased my quest for brunch, so I might be less familiar with the competition than some. Nevertheless, I'm devoted. 

You've heard it before: the cream of wheat is to die for. 

Usually, my boyfriend gets some manly meaty dish and I get something frilly with french toast or eggwhites, and then we take what's left home and snack on it for the rest of the day, and we are fat and happy all day as a result!

It's true, you may have to wait awhile, but it's totally worth it!"
"I ordered the mascarpone french toast with maple syrup topped with banana. I thought it's a stuffed french toast but it wasn't. The dish itself was delicious and looks quite extravagant when it arrived because of the generous portion. 

I was looking forward to a hearty bowl of cream of wheat again; it tasted so good on my first visit a year ago; however, this time I got a bowl of overly sweet baby food mostly consisted of butter, cream/milk and sugar (ton of it). My biggest regret was not getting coffee but orange juice; no, orange concentrate to be precise. 

This is a great place and l love having a comforting meal under the grapevine on a sunny day, but the taste of food has to be consistent."
"Cute breakfast joint with historically long lines, abundant food, and rustic vibe. Be expected to wait in line if you go on a typical Saturday morning, but I've never had issues with the wait. When you sit down, the waiters pour you a cup of coffee, small glass of juice, and ask you if you want cream of wheat or fruit. I'd recommend the cream of wheat as they seem to be famous for it!

The prices are a tad high for a typical plate of eggs and bacon (about $10), but it does include coffee, OJ, pastries (usually banana bread slice, muffin), toast, and cream of wheat. So not a bad deal. Food isn't out of this world, but definitely an enjoyable place to dine with a friend. Don't forget to bring cash as it's cash only!"
"This wasn't my first time here, but unfortunately I have been away TOO LONG !!!

I had to do a fasting blood test and going to ""The Neighborhood"" after my doctor's visit was perfect !!!    (you get A LOT to eat for breakfast !)

As soon as my friend and I selected a table on the patio, we were handed a small glass of orange juice (it is like they are psychic!)

Much needed coffee was served right away (and free refills - keep it coming!) and then came the arduous task of WHAT to have (everything looked sooo good!)

The ""appetizer"" choice for breakfast was fresh fruit or cream of wheat. I was trying to be healthy and thought I can have cream of wheat anytime at home so I chose fruit - my friend whispered ""get the cream of wheat"" - I shrugged and kept with the fruit. The waitress walked away and my friend argued ""its not like at home, its cream of crack !""  I didn't want to be a pain and change my order so I obliged to try my friend's serving when it came.  OH MY GOD! My friend wasn't exaggerating! The only way I can describe it is, its like rice pudding flavorwise, but extremely smooth and no raisins, just lovely cinnamon on top!  

This would be the end of some people's breakfast, but no ! This is only the beginning !

I happen to be an extremely boring breakfast person, I love waffles, but I always give in to the protein - bacon and eggs, so I end up getting the same thing every time I go out.  Today I was able to do both when I got the waffle special !!  

2 eggs, toast, homefries, I replaced the sausage with bacon (no problem) and a waffle with fresh berries and a small scoop of whipped cream ! AND if that wasn't enough, the plate the toast came on had a slice of frosted marble cake ! (That went home to the friend's hubby !)

And yes, you may take home what you can't finish !!

This kept me going all day until dinner and I am wondering when am I going to get back to Somerville!    Yes, I WILL get the cream of wheat for myself next time !"
Love this place! The cream of wheat is amazing! It's free with every meal, and the best part of breakfast. Healthy options such as wheat pancakes and waffles. Free coffee, hot chocolate, or tea with meals as well. There is no call ahead, and often a line outside, but it's well worth the wait.
"We come here often for Sunday brunch. All the specials are generally quite good, and the atmosphere is warm even when the weather isn't. As somewhat of an old-timer here, I thought I'd share a few tips.

1.) Order one cream of wheat and one fruit for every two people at the table. The cream of wheat is so delicious you'll eat too much if you have your own bowl, and you'll be too full to enjoy the rest of the meal. 
2.) If you live nearby, put your name down and come back twenty minutes later. The wait is usually at least twenty minutes or so in warm weather around peak brunch-time hours. 
3.) The hungrier you are, the better.
4.) It's just about impossible to order too little food, even when splitting. I can't remember the last time we've finished all the food, and we always split. 
5.) The silver lining to freezing weather is no lines at the Neighborhood. 

Thanks to the overworked yet friendly staff here for maintaining a great place to enjoy a meal."
Fantastic value!!!  Loved the patio, as well.  Under $13 for two big breakfasts...if I lived nearby, I'd eat here all the time!  Plus, their coffee was surprisingly good and strong.
"CASH ONLY. The name doesn't lie: this little neighborhood restaurant is a perfect place to become a regular. 

FOOD - 5 stars
=====
- Free OJ (1 glass)/coffee/tea (bottomless). I shouldn't need to say more but...
- CREAM OF WHEAT is a must try. Stir in some brown sugar and you'll wish this was bottomless, too.
- I forget what I ordered on the menu but it was extremely flavorful: it comes out looking like something I could make myself... until you sink your teeth in and realize its deliciousness!

ATMOSPHERE/SERVICE - 5 stars
===================
Quiet on a Tuesday morning... and a perfect place to read a book while slowly eating breakfast and listening to oldies on the radio and the waitstaffs' Boston accents. 

As a west-coaster, I was worried the waitstaff would be New England brusque, but they were extremely attentive: my orange juice and hot tea were never empty and they checked on me just enough to make me feel valued but not suffocated.

I wish I could find a place like this in every city I visited."
I'm not a huge breakfast fan, and thus not a huge huge-breakfast fan, but I still like coming to this place on occasion for a huge breakfast.  If you like going out for breakfast, you will like this place more than me.
"GF at work has been ordering Cream of Wheat from this place for MONTHS and I never had Cream of Wheat & always thought I didnt like it... 

Then one day she made me taste it & OMG, I have been back about 10 times since... I NOW LOVE CREAM OF WHEAT!!! 

Its creamy, Sweet, Buttery with a sprinkle of Cinnamon... We usually get like 5 or 6 orders and bring them to work... Everyone loves them & they all go right away as soon as we bring them in... 

Parking stinks, but otherwise A great little spot..."
Best breakfast especially on the go I love that you can go eat outside during the summer and some fall months. If you are Portuguese then you will definitely feel that vibe here. They are Portuguese owned and let you eat in there lot under the grape vines. If you ever want to come here on a weekend make sure to make a reservation because it gets PACKED. Like lines down the street it's that good and mainly because it's so affordable for the amount of food your getting. The staff here is amazing too! If you work in the area it is always conscientious to call to order out them yet usually get the food done within 15-20 minutes, and I love that when I'm in a rush in the morning.
I finally had a chance to try The Neighborhood out for brunch recently and I was not disappointed. They had an extensive handwritten specials menu, which I like, and had plenty of free snacks to keep me satisfied until the main course arrived. It is cozy inside, especially the bathroom, but the food is good.
Absolutely love this place, for breakfast they give you a lot for your money. Coffee, OJ, choice of cream of wheat or fruit of the day (comes with every breakfast) Todays fruit was baked apple, it was yummy and taste like apple sauce. The cream of wheat is to die for. I had eggs with home fries and toast, comes with homemade grape jelly. Hubby had Texas French toast with baked bananas and eggs and bacon. All for $25. Excellent service too.
"I love the Neighborhood Restaurant- ESPECIALLY the patio. The food is delicious, portions are huge, it's reasonably priced. The best thing about Neighborhood- it's delicious, affordable, and adorable, AND it's been doing quality brunch since before brunch was trendy.

Every breakfast comes with coffee, juice, cream of wheat or fruit, and a selection of fresh baked Portuguese breads/pastries. It really is too much food, but it just makes the experience so fun when the servers keep bringing out more goodies. I recommend sharing a breakfast with someone or at least planning to take home leftovers.

When I was there recently they were advertising that the patio will be open in the evenings now for ice cream. Since Cambridge and Somerville already have such good ice cream, I'm not sure I would go to the Neighborhood for ice cream BUT I do love the idea of eating ice cream on their pato."
Wait to get in for brunch was about 30 minutes. Food was a little slow coming out, but that (baked?) apple they serve at first was pretty awesome. Love the fact that hot chocolate is free and unlimited like water; awesome for cold mornings. They also serve a small OJ for free, but it is not refillable and if you want more, you need to order a full juice. Good-sized food servings. Service was attentive. Had a pretty standard spanish omelette with homefries and some of the toast also came with this lemon-y cake which was pretty good. haven't tried any of their more exotic omelettes, but there is a good-sized brunch menu. Will look to return at some point.
"This place serves a spectacular breakfast.  Expect to bring home breakfast for the next few days, their portions are huge.  Best freaking cream of wheat I've ever had.  They used to serve a killer fruit plate but recently they've only been serving small portions of the usual, cantaloupe, grapes, bananas, etc.

Get there early on the weekend.  The service is usually great."
After two years of living in Boston I finally made it to The Neighborhood and it was the best breakfast I have ever had in this area. I was very excited to find a Portuguese breakfast restaurant as I am from the South Coast. I have since turned vegetarian and can no longer enjoy linguica but my roommate order the linguica and cheese omelette and loved it. If you have never had linguica you will need to order it - you will not be disappointed. I opted for just scrambled eggs, toast and home fries. The home fries were seasoned and cooked perfectly. I have to say the best part was the cream of wheat. It was a-m-a-z-i-n-g. I would go back just to get the cream of wheat! Highly recommend this place it is awesome!
"Good breakfast, lots of options, and very charming outdoor seating. I got the eggs benedict AND florentine (1 dish). Delish! I approve. Also, I tried the cream of wheat, and it was yummy, but a too rich for me to actually eat more than a few bites. 

Pretty solid place as far as food, but the coffee is terrible. Really just awful. I advise one to drink tea here. 

I will return."
"This place is so out of this world, even the bathroom has some serious flair-- tall people beware.

During my visit to Boston, my bee eff eff took me here twice for breakfast. VERY generous portions, fresh fruit, bottomless coffee/tea, assortment of breads come standard. Friendly service, and they even scrambled my friend's order of eggs with tomatoes. Both times, I went for the wheat pancake/egg white combo and was not disappointed.

Can't really say much else other than this is a must. I'd fly here to Boston on a weekly basis if I could to indulge in The Neighborhood. Maybe when I hit the Lottery and have a jet at my whim."
"Until this year, I had the privilege of living a few blocks from the Neighborhood. The line is long, but it just makes you that much hungrier and all the happier to get inside and eat. On a cold day, it's warm and cozy inside; on a warm day, you sit out under the grape arbor. Possibly the best brunch atmosphere ever.
The service is amazing- in a cramped space, you are still sure to get all your food at once, after a short wait, and can always get more water, coffee or OJ with just a wave of your hand. It's a well-oiled machine. Downstairs, the surprisingly clean and pleasant bathroom is just past the kitchen, where tons of fresh, gorgeous food is sizzling and sparkling - the appearance of the kitchen, bustling and putting off appetizing odors, makes the food even more appealing.
It's true that there is always too much food, but everything is perfect - from the pudding-like cream of wheat to the fresh, tasty fruit, to the plethora of fantastic, salty meats to the creamy scrambled eggs and perfect breads and muffins. Hash was a special today - it was more like pulled corn beef with a little potato, onion and green peppers - it was easily the best hash I've ever had. The pancakes of many varieties, waffles and french toast are amazing.
Love it. Best ever."
"Thanks to being #1 on Yelp for breakfast in Somerville, my wife and I decided to give this place a shot.  There was a line to get in, but it was a gorgeous day, so not bad at all waiting, and well worth it.  Really cute little place, and the food was wonderful.  I was a fan as soon as they came around and gave everyone orange juice, which comes with every breakfast.  

Their eggs benny with avocado and bacon was terrific.  I've never had salad with an omelet before, but they actually went really well together.  

Prices were a little high, but not insurmountable.  We'll definitely be back."
I love diners and this one is no exception. You start your meal with a complimentary huge bowl of the most delicious cream of wheat or a baked apple. From there, take your pick of hugely portioned diner fare. I opted for the omelette, stuffed with veggies and cheese, and it was delicious. Served with all kinds of toasts and even a complimentary piece of what appeared to be funfetti cake (more like a breakfast bread, though), the food just kept coming. Hot sauce available by request and plenty of options make this a go-to in the neighborhood. Pretty small and I'm sure they fill up quickly during prime hours.
"Holy mother this place is amazing. 

We went here for brunch on a day off from work. It was a beautiful day so we opted to sit outside. I'm sure it gets stupid packed on the weekends, but there was no wait and we were greeted/seated promptly. The atmosphere is very pleasant but quirky (in a good way). Weird little plastic figurines, different colored picnic tables, striped umbrellas, etc.

It was hard to decide what to get. The menu has some standard items and some more interesting fare. I decided on an omelette, he got scrambled eggs/bacon/homefries, and we split a banana walnut waffle.

In three words: Best. Omelette. Ever. And honestly, eggs are one of my favorite foods. I've easily eaten my weight in omelettes in my 24 years of existence. This one was a special - I think they called it the Garden Omelette? - and it was absolutely unreal. It had spinach, broccoli, tomatoes, mushrooms and feta in it. It wasn't one of those thin omelettes where the egg merely ""drapes"" over the ingredients (yeah, you know what I mean). It was a huge and fluffy, and the vegetables inside were definitely not canned. The best part? The vegetables were seasoned. I don't know what they were seasoned with - maybe fairy dust - but frankly, I didn't care. I inhaled that thing and left feeling like I had a small child in my stomach.

Everything else was really great, too. He's a bacon snob and approved of the thick, crispy slices. The waffle was also insane. The only reason I'm taking off a star is because our server brought all the food at once when we wanted to start with the waffle, then have our egg-based meals. The food was so good, I'd give this place 4.5 stars if I could. Looking forward to trying some lunch items!"
"I joined yelp just to write this review, and counterbalance the horrible review given to this fine establishment by Linds L, as we both dined there on the same day. 

First of all, the wait. if you plan on eating lunch at this place on the weekend, the wait is Very long, and the there are generally more people than the free pastries can accomodate (but there's plenty of coffee). Also, there are a couple surrounding stores to hold your attention while you wait. Hub Comics, for example, is located just a couple doors down and provides a neat place to wait. (They even have a mic running from NBR, so you can hear your name called, even if you are in the store)

Second, the service.  It's not great, but it's not terrible. The wait staff was accomodating and polite. Yes, the food did take a while to get to the table, but did i mention that they give you a TON of food, and plenty of things to eat while you wait, such as cream of wheat and fruit? I think we probably waited about half an hour for food. 

It is true that, if you want water, you have to trek the whole 20 feet across the patio to get yourself a glass. Boo-who.  

Third, the food. Was outstanding for Boston brunch based on taste and price. Although I'm sure there are more highscale places to go, this place has the best balance of price to quality/quantity of food I have seen. 

11.99 paid for.. coffee, oj, cream of wheat, and a plate that included steak tips (fresh cooked), pork, a salad, rice, beans, homefries, and a couple of eggs. The staff also brought out a plate of toast, muffins and jam, which there was barely room for..

Contra Steve's review, I found my food to be fresh, warm, and delicious.  The seating is picnic tables, so if you are looking for a fancy place that is sparkling clean, look elsewhere. 

NBR is a great place to eat brunch with a nice down-home feel.  Snobs please look elsewhere, you are ruining the tranquility of this pleasant patio. 

sidenote: I didn't look at accessibility issues, but I'm confident that a person in a wheelchair could sit on the patio without much trouble. I do not think the inside is accessible."
I'm not a cream-of-wheat person, but I went ahead and gave it a shot.  For what it's worth, if you can get past the consistency, it really is pretty good.  I'm a bigger fan of the large quantities of food you get with your meal (do yourself a favor and order off the $6.99 side, the other side is about the same amount of food).  The only downside is it closes so early!  If you're hungover and looking for breakfast food, better get here before 3:30 otherwise people are a little grumpy that you came late and rush you while you're eating (or ignore you completely).  The no-credit card thing is incredibly inconvenient but they have an ATM in-store.
FAVORITE breakfast place! My fiancé and I try to come here every other week or so, despite the distance. There's a server there who's a young brunette, with glasses and a baseball cap, who is an absolutely phenomenal waitress! She remembers us even if we haven't been there in weeks. The cream of wheat is to die for! Great place for a casual breakfast, especially when the patio is open in the summer.
Amazing - seriously it doesn't get better than this - remarkably big portions - great service and it is wonderful on the patio. Highly recommended.
"After the Cambridge version of my Portsmouth favorite, The Friendly Toastproclaimed a 1.5 hour wait for breakfast, I proclaimed  ""let's bounce.""
We ended up in Somerville at the Neighborhood, enjoyed complimentary coffee while we waited in the spring sun, for 20 minutes.
This place is home-brewed hospitality at it's finest. Baked apples, followed by eggs Benedict with bacon and avocado and shared wheat pancakes for dessert. Everything fresh, cooked perflectly and zero hipster attitude you'd likely encounter at TFT. 
11.99 included coffee, juice, baked apple, eggs Benny, and side of homefries. When it's warmer the wait is longer, but the outdoor seating under the arbor is well worth it."
"Local Portuguese restaurant which makes me homesick from when I lived in New Bedford. Although due to my dietary choices, my options are limited here, breakfast is a must for a first time diner.  The service is great, the food feels homemade.

Their homemade jam is stellar, and there's free breads and juice with your meal.  Summertime is the best time to visit so you can sit outside in the patio under the canopy of grapes. All my friends rave about their grits and omelets, and the Borges family does a great job making you feel as family or neighbors having Sunday breakfast at their home."
I have dreams mid-week about brunch here.  The Neighborhood is a breakfast staple. When I feel like I want to eat everything delicious and just can't make a decision, I venture over to the Neighborhood, wait in line for about an hour, and then feast on a breakfast made for a king. I love the fried bananas with the eggs and linguica, almost as much as I love the steak tips and eggs. The chocolate cake, fresh baked breads, oatmeal, and fruit that all come for free with the meal are just the icing on the cake.
Great for breakfast. Immediately served coffee and juice, followed by a nice warm bowl of cream of wheat. I got the eggs benedict with crab cakes and my brother got the corn beef hash, both extremely satisfying. All that for under thirty bucks, I'll take it.
Great breakfast for everybody.  Even better if you're hungover.
I love this place!!!  It's so good I really don't want you to try it out, for that will mean the line will get longer... But hey, it's worth the wait!!!
"This place is fabulous secret of West Somerville. 

The home fries are wonderfully spicy. Comprised of a sweet potato-Yukon blend and cayenne'd up, these might possible be the best home fries in Greater Boston.

French toast is great (FYI: Sweet bread means Challah/Egg.) 

I also adore that they serve brunch until 4:00 p.m. for those lazy, mildly hungover weekend afternoons. Thanks, Neighborhood, for being the most delicious remedy in town."
Still a fantastic value. We were 3 adults, 1 kid, and we ordered 2 regular meals plus one kids' meal....and couldn't even finish everything. Total bill: $23. Just be careful if you drink the hot tea -- when it was poured, it was dangerously hot.
OMG! This place is amazing. Family owned. Everything made home made. It's cash only so be prepared. But if you're not they have an ATM inside. The cream of wheat was Rick, buttery, creamy, salty. Melt in your mouth. You get huge portions so be prepared to take a box home with you.
Best breakfast in Somerville, my kid is addicted to their cream of wheat. Get there early, the line is usually 20 people deep by 9 am.
"picture this:

brightly painted picnic tables under a festive terrace of grape vines with all the coffee you can drink and FREE juice! juice is never free! food is great, plentiful and cheap. 

and yes... the grapes are real."
"Most places that claim to have ""neighborhood"" credibility are just engaged in empty boasting.  Not this place.  There's nothing pretentious about the food, service, atmosphere, or fellow patrons.

Dining outside in the spring and summer at Neighborhood Restaurant is a special treat.  The Portuguese-style awning covered with grape vines, which offer both shade and the most beautiful translucent barrier to the sunlight, is a serene and unusual experience.  Indoor dining can't compete.

The Neighborhood Restaurant gives you a lot of food for a fair price.  It's not gourmet but it's generous.  Brunch _will_ leave you full.  Many, many variations on eggs, waffles, and pancakes are available.  Plus, there are Portuguese treats, such as the pineapple pop-over and the linguica sausage.  (Both are delicious in an unexpected, not-exactly-health-food way.)

One thing that makes this place really down-home is that there's going to be the occasional mess-up but, if you tell them about it, they'll fix it as quickly as they can.  One day, the orange juice had gone bad.  When I alerted the waitress, she didn't fuss, she just went to the back, got new OJ, and offered a sincere apology.  Perfectly handled, mademoiselle. They'll do the same with flubbed orders.  Basically, they know they're human but they'll work hard to give you a great meal.

This place is a real treasure.  Bring your friends for brunch; it's totally worth the wait in line.

I adore The Neighborhood Restaurant."
There is simply no need to go anywhere else for breakfast. Awesome staff, such good food, TONS of food, really reasonable prices. Get the yummy jam on the fantastic bread.  I want some now!
"I've been here for brunch indoors and outdoors and feel like now I can write a proper review. Obviously the food was great the first time and I was willing to return for the outdoor experience.

The indoor restaurant is small and cramped to the point that you end up having a conversation with the tables next to you. The outdoor dining area was more roomy with its cute and colorful picnic tables and umbrellas. The outdoor tables were a little bit dirty tho which was not the best surface to have brunch on.

But really, at the end of the day, it's not about the decor or a little bit of spilled orange juice on the table, it's about how the food tastes! And the food here is fantastic.

During my first visit, I ordered the banana and chocolate stuffed french toast and the bf had the spinach Benedict. The french toast was too heavy and too sweet and the spinach Benedict was nothing special. The second time around, I ordered the Belgium waffle with fruit and he had the chicken with mushrooms and Swiss plus a cheese omelet on the side. The food was better the second time around. The fruit was fresh, the waffle was buttery, and the chicken was flavorful.

But besides the entrees, the $12 meal came with the most heavenly cream of wheat I have ever tasted. And if you're reading this and have figured out the recipe, please please please let me know because I want to eat it every morning for the rest of my life.

Oh, and that's not all! We had orange juice, and potatoes, and fresh bread! Too bad the bread was soaking in butter, but other than that, it was the best bread I've had with a casual brunch.

So really, you can't go wrong with The Neighborhood. It's decently prices, friendly, comfortable, and delicious! The only bad thing about this place is the long wait...tho the free coffee and baked goods you can snack on while you wait make it a little more bearable.

So, if you have a couple hours to spare and are not too hungry, definitely head here for brunch. You won't be disappointed."
"I've been here a dozen times in the past year easily. I can't stay away from it! The outdoor seating is amazing! The indoor seating is homely! The staff is friendly and quick! Most of all the food is perfect every time, whether I get lunch or breakfast. Their coffee is decent enough to drink black and their cream of wheat is my go to every time. 

I simply cannot recommend this place enough and whenever someone stays over, we walk to this place.

Take note though, they take cash only, but it's super affordable."
"""A lot for a little!""   ""Quantity over quality!""   If these are you mantras, you will be happy at this little joint.  

But dare I say it, their brunch is not very tasty.  With your main dish, they throw in a plate full of sweet bread, a bowl of farina, and a glass of Tang (yes I mean Tang).  But these ""extras"" do not make up for the overall mediocrity of the food.

The best this joint has to offer is the grape arbor.  It's quite pleasant to dine at those colorful picnic tables under the vines and little round fruit.  But again... atmosphere doesn't make up for taste.

However, one thing is certain.  You won't go hungry if you brunch at the Neighborhood Restaurant .  Your belly will be bloated and you'll be ready for your afternoon coma."
We came back and this place is amazing!! Now we tried the cream of wheat, the apple and they were so good. We had the steak and eggs and was so good. And what continues to amaze me is the prices in this place. One of the best value restaurants in the Boston Metro area.
I have cracked the code on their delicious cream of wheat. But nothing beats having it served to me in their bustling little restaurant. Love their food, their people.. Parking sucks but that's Boston for you.
Best breakfast I have ever had?? certainly the best in recent memory. For 10$ you get more food than 2 people can consume and everything is delicious.
Meh...a lot of hype.  Some of the service staff is AWESOME,  some have no idea what they're doing which is frustrating.  Decent food but very poor attention to detail.
"I live in San Francisco but every time I fly to Boston I make it a point to go here.  Best Cream of Wheat on the North American Continent.  I've begged for years for the recipe so that I can have it on my coast too but they won't give it up!

Whatever, it keeps me coming to Boston.  Go Red Sox!"
"I had a delicious, comforting brunch at The Neighborhood Restaurant.  Despite its generic name, the food here is very good and worth the long wait in line.

The fresh squeezed orange juice and cream of wheat were both excellent.  The coconut French toast was as good as everyone says!  Ask them to pick some of the Concord grapes for you; they're really flavorful."
Loved it! Great food, huge portions, staff decked out in Patriots paraphernalia on behalf of super bowl Sunday.  Had an iced tea, baked apple, cream of wheat, eggs Benedict with crab cakes an tomato. Friendly service :)
"such a nice breakfast place!! A beautiful patio, with happy colours and vines. 
You'll get a lot of food, and even though we were here at 9 am, we skipped lunch because we ate so much that morning!
If you don't want to wait in line, make sure you're there before 10 am on Sundays. 
We will come back for sure, but not too often, since we don't want to grow out of our clothes..."
"So, I have yet to write a review on here despite being using the site for years now, but this place comes up so often when I discuss breakfast that I had to write a review. 

Firstly, the cream of wheat, from the family's recipe. Put it this way, I don't even like cream of wheat, but they make an out of this world variation, just excellent. 

The atmosphere is great, and cozy as people have mentioned, and the outdoor patio with grapes all over is really pleasant when it's nice out. Family-run, and for me, that's a huge selling point.

Everything I have ever eaten here has been quite good, particularly the ""specials"", like the Portuguese breakfast, interesting pancakes like pumpkin walnut w/ cinnamon, etc. 

Great food, family-run, reasonable, cozy. There is often a line, deal with it, worth your time, trust me. :)"
"They serve something called ""Portuguese Breakfast;"" though some of it seemed like scrambled egg with potatoes, the main morsels were these fried meat and seafood cakes - though they all look like the same type of deep-fried foods they actually tasted good and were fairly differentiated from each other. I believe their omelets are also very well made.

Their cream of wheat is a speciality, and today they served these sweet baked apples.

Beware of the cold seat next to the door - it's really too cold and they should just cover it up with some bread or something."
"I wouldn't exactly call The Neighborhood cheap but you certainly get an insane amount of food for your money. Every meal comes with a choice of meat (linguica, do it!), home fries, OJ (tiny cup), coffee, choice of fruit of cream of wheat, and an assortment of fresh breads. I especially love the sweet bread that comes with the bread plate and always grab it before my dining partner knows what's going on.

Today I had the hash and eggs. The hash wasn't the greatest ever but certainly cured my hangover. I took half of my breakfast home and can't wait to eat the rest. After I take a nice long nap and fire up the coffee. 

In the summertime there is an awesome back patio. Expect to wait for a table. Watch out in the winter. The door closes very slowly so the tables in the front get a freezing breeze every few minutes. 

Service is rather slow with only two waitresses and one busser. They never make you feel rushed, despite the lines of people waiting to be seated. Parking is generally easy with tons of meters throughout Union Square. The decor is stunning. You have to see it to believe it. And the music is beyond awesome. Every time I'm there I hear at least one Michael Jackson hit from the 80s.

Cash only. There's a Citizens ATM a block away."
"Premise for this review: severe allergic reaction to meal last weekend. Now let me start by saying I've been here before and the food is alright. It's a good place, I love the cream of wheat and orange juice, plus outside seating in warm months. I've never had a reaction to their food before.

I'm very allergic (or at least get head to toe hives that burn and itch) whenever I have MSG. There are studies that say you can't be allergic to MSG, but any time I have it I need to go to the ER. Always have. So maybe I'm the one person who is allergic, I don't know. 

I had one bite of the corned beef and hash, noticed it was extremely salty and looked not fresh. I don't want to say they got their hash from a can, but one hour later I was covered in hives and going to the clinic. Now, no one else I know has this reaction to MSG. Just an FYI to the restaurant!"
I love their cream of wheat!!!  The place is small and intimate. The food is lip smacking awesome!
Crazy good food. Huge portions. Silly huge. Had to wait outside during a snowstorm for a weekday breakfast over holidays. But they had muffins out there. The cream of wheat was delicious!! Seating is tight.
The line is always ridiculous, and remember to bring cash because it is cash-only. Definitely worth the wait though! Great mimosas, breakfast appetizers for all, and huge menu. Probably the best breakfast in Somerville.
We drive out of our way when we come up to visit our daughter, just to have breakfast here. The cream of wheat is incredible. My husband loves the Belgian waffle with the mass of fruit and I love the pancakes. The amount of food you get for the price (in Boston) is surprising. We always take a box home.  We've never had to wait but it would be worth it. I'm looking forward to eating here during the summer, even if we have to wait.
Fantastic breakfast restaurant. The wait usually isn't more than 15 minutes for a table, and even if it's more, it is well worth the wait. I probably haven't eaten cream of wheat since I was about 12, and it is unreal. The pumpkin pancakes, and french toast specials have been my go-to meal and are perfectly prepped and cooked.
"This is my neighborhood breakfast spot!  Overall, I love it!  The service and food has always been consistently good, and the price is right.  I would call this place reliable, and a good place to bring overnight guests.  Also, the menu is HUGE!  Pretty much anything you can imagine in any combination is on it.  Plus, they always have very yummy-sounding specials.

The main downside is that the inside is so small.  There's been a few times that the person I was with and I had to sit very closely (basically sharing a table more or less) with the people next to us.  This can be pretty awkward.

Some people complained of a wait in their reviews, however I must have always lucked out and came at exactly the right time, because I can't recall ever having to wait very long."
"We love, love this place for brunch. We live pretty far away, 30+ minutes, and will trek out here just to have some of their cream of wheat and all the other great breakfast items. When we have friends or family visiting from out of town, we always try to take them there for brunch. Everyone loves it. We haven't had a bad meal there yet.

One note - BRING CASH! 
This place gives great portions, lots of homemade items, good service, and in warmer months, you can sit outside under a canopy of grapevines. FANTASTIC!"
"Great food, good prices, good staff.  Nice outdoor space in the summer under grapevines and the best cream of wheat you will ever eat.  Only downside is the coffee is subpar.

Wait is typically 20-30 min on a weekend, so plan that in. Grab some coffee down the street and wait it out.  Moves pretty fast and worth it."
The Neighborhood Restaurant is excellent for a late morning breakfast in the summer. Colorful umbrellas, tables  and benches. Fresh squeezed orange juice plus fresh fruits. Free fresh bread for the waiting line. What a relaxing morning to have your breakfast under the grapevine! You almost feel like having your breakfast in Europe. Tons of food to choose from unlike other typical American restaurants.
"I love neighborhood; it's the definition of comfort food for breakfast. With every meal you get the choice of cream of wheat or a fruit plate...I always went with the fruit and then I tried the cream of wheat...I'll never go back. It's so delicious. I highly recommend giving it a try. I always try something different when I go to neighborhood and I've never been disappointed. You should plan on a wait though, especially during the nice weather when their patio is open. While you're waiting you can snack on assorted breads, sweet tea, and coffee. 

Pros: everything I've ever tried has been really good, plenty of food...usually I won't eat again until dinner, nice outdoor eating area. 

Cons: long wait time, CASH ONLY."
"This little place rocks!!! Yes, long wait, but well worth it. I see most gave this ""gem"" 4 or 5 stars, but a few crazies that gave it 1 or 2. Huh? This is run by a Portuguese family & being Portuguese myself, I can say this is awesome comfort food. It's small, crowded, and busy. But who cares! It's all about the unbelievable food, amazing! The outdoor area is very cool in the Summer. 5 stars without a doubt!"
"I had heard about The Neighborhood for a long time from friends and finally tried it last weekend. We really wanted to go while it was still warm enough to sit out on the cute outdoor patio--it's covered in grape vines and reminded me a lot of going to my Portuguese grandmother's neighborhood growing up. 

I think it's a great little brunch place. The portions are absolutely huge! Amusingly, the restaurant participates in the ""Shape Up Somerville"" program and in order to be ""healthier,"" they recommend requesting 1/2 your meal be packed to go. I had the Portuguese breakfast and the cod and shrimp cakes were excellent. The cod cake was one of the best I've ever tasted. Bread was also delicious. I was less crazy about the meat cake and my eggs and rice were nothing special. Overall, I'd say that half the food was great and the other half wasn't very memorable. However, I don't think going to The Neighborhood is just about the food--it's the whole experience of huge portions, fun atmosphere, etc. 

We did wait for 20 minutes or so, but I don't see that as a drawback--on the contrary, it vouches for the popularity and increases the anticipation. They occasionally provide cake and coffee on the sidewalk, as well, which is a really nice touch.  

I would disagree with the price rating, however, and give it ""$$"": for the brunch specials it's close to $16-17 with tax and tip per person."
"The plate of pastries and fruit you get --in addition to-- your breakfast is just all around fresh-baked yumminess. Oh, and hello delicious chorizo. Would you like to party in my tummy along with your blueberry pancake friends? I thought so. 

Now, I haven't eaten here in a couple of years, but I still have food memories of the breads and pastries, sitting under the grapevines waving away the bees. It was the first place we went to when we moved to Somerville, and I continue to recommend it to anyone who is going to be anywhere near Union Sq."
One word = amazing!  I decided to check out Neighborhood Restaurant and Bakery last Saturday morning, and from the moment I got there, I was happy that I made the trip.  Even from the outside, it smelt amazing!  Yes, there was a wait, but it moved quickly and they provided complimentary coffee and pastry samples to help hold you over.  As everyone else already mentioned, every breakfast comes with unlimited coffee, a small glass of OJ, and either cream of wheat (delicious) or fruit.... if that doesn't convince you, there menu was full of unique options that you can't get at you average weekend brunch spot.  I had the coconut french toast (which you must try at some point in your life) special and I substituted the sausage for linguica (which is a must because it is a Portuguese place).  This place is definitely worth the trek out to Somerville (which to my surprise, ended up not being much of a trek at all).  I will definitely be back... I can't wait to try the other menu options; including the traditional Portuguese breakfast and the pumpkin spice pancakes (which sound like they would taste amazing on a Fall morning in Boston)!
Amazing place, worth the wait. Portions are huge, if you are not super hungry share a plate. The cream of wheat that is included in your meal is like edible comfort.
"There is a lot of joy inherent in eating outside on a gorgeous day under grape arbors and seeing a sign that says ""This is not the place to be if you are in a hurry!"" I'd give the place 5 stars based on that alone, but the food totally stands up to it. Completely ridiculous portions--I've never had a multi-course breakfast before. The omlet I had was totally packed with veggies, which made me happy, and came with yummy homefries. The boy ordered one of the specials, and it required TWO FULL HUGE PLATES. One with his punkin-apple-cinnamon pancakes with mascarpone (delicious and moist), and another for the eggs, homefries, and ham. Plus the fruit, cream-o-wheat, coffee, juice, and breads. And the two of us got out of there for 20 bucks, completely packed with food and ready to start the day. Wait was about 30 min, but we took advantage of the free coffee (FYI, the cups, sugar and creamer are in the drawers next to the  coffee) and brought the newspaper."
"Apparently, my parents used to take me here for brunch when I was a little kid.  My mom lived in the area when they met, and I know that they have a lot of nostalgia attached to my current (and mom's former) neighborhood.  Sadly, I had no memories of coming here with them.  So, on to the review:

First, be prepared to wait.  We stood outside for at least an hour waiting for a table for two people.  But they do put out coffee and cornbread for those waiting.  Dear God that bread is delicious.

We ended up sharing a table with another group of two.  Not a big deal (though it might have been hard to get out had we finished & wanted to leave before them), but just something to keep in mind.  Service was very quick and we got our orange juice and tea (complimentary!) almost as soon as we sat down. All breakfasts also come with fruit or oatmeal* and toast.  My eggs were cooked perfectly - not runny except for the yolk.  The hash browns were cooked just right as well.  My only complaint?  The bacon was a bit over cooked.  Slightly burned actually.  But at least there was plenty of it.

They are cash only, so keep that in mind, but the food is also pretty cheap.

We're planning on coming back...and maybe even bringing our roommates next time.

*Side note to the reviewer who complained that they salt their oatmeal: That's not some weird freakish thing.  My dad has always eaten his oatmeal with butter and salt.  Sorry you don't like it that way, but oatmeal isn't always eaten with sweetener."
"Quite simply some of the best breakfast you can get around Boston.

I had the steak tips, and they were delicious. Juicy, well-seasoned, and a hell of a lot of them.
Cream of wheat is also fantastic.

Just remember that if you're planning on coming here on the weekend to plan on waiting for a table for a bit. But it's worth it for sure."
What's better then eating yummy breakfast outdoors under a roof of grape vines? You almost forget for a moment that you are in Somerville! I recommend getting there no later then 9am or you may have a bit of a wait.
"One more amazing review for the Neighborhood. My boyfriend and I went the other weekday morning, so we didn't have to wait long. I have heard that on weekends it can be a very long wait and especially in the summer. The service was friendly and fast. 

The best part of the Neighborhood is the prices! I got a cup of orange juice, unlimited coffee (or tea/decaf if you'd like), cream of wheat or toast (GET THE CREAM OF WHEAT), 3 eggs, homefries and a big basket of homemade toast for 6 bucks! They have a bunch of specials including healthy meals, which all looked great, but I was worried I couldn't eat it all. The entire meal was 17 bucks in total and was amazing. 

I can't wait to go back and try the french toast!"
"Quick summary if you don't want to read this whole review:
-Go early
-Go hungry
-Do try the toast... it's real fresh Portuguese bread... MMmmmm!
-They're CASH ONLY so hit the ATM
-If you're over 5'7"", expect to duck in the bathroom. Ceilings are LOW!

And now, it's time for the REST of the story....

We went at 8 am on Saturday - not our usual time to get up, I assure you, but the duct guy was coming to clean our heating ducts.  Yep - my management company scheduled it for early on a Saturday. Groan... How to make lemonade out of lemons? Get a kick-ass brunch of course!

And it is what it is... and more.  Not fancy in the traditional sense, Neighborhood restaurant is cozy and painted brightly, like the inside of a crazy watermelon.  The service was really prompt (coffee refills before I could put down the cup!!) and the food was simple but JUST RIGHT.  For example, my eggs over-easy were PERFECT.  For me, this is the best of all worlds. I don't care if I can order some fancy-shmantzy breakfast; I just want to order eggs and have them be hot and perfect.  I've gone to brunch on Newbury Street and paid lots for the atmosphere, but had to suffer through cold and clammy eggs. Blegh!  Never again.  Thank you Neighborhood Restaurant!

Their corned beef hash is home made and very good; they make toast and French toast out of Portuguese bread that is very fresh (and reminds me of P-town!); and I loved the idea of an ""appetizer"" that comes with every meal (fruit or cream of wheat)."
Best brunch I've had in awhile! All brunch specials  ($13.99) come with a free small cup of orange juice, coffee, and either cream of wheat or a baked apple! (Both of which are pretty amazing!! Didn't expect to like the cream of wheat but it was really good.) We were extremely satisfied with our meal because it was the perfect combo of sweet and savory! The special I got came with waffles, two eggs, ham, hash brown, buttered toast, and cornbread muffin. There was literally so much good food at pretty good prices!!
Finally we were up early enough to go to the Neighborhood without a crazy wait. Not sure what the hubbub is all about though. The patio is adorable and cozy, and the free OJ and breads are very nice. The food on the whole was pretty average breakfast food though, nothing too special. Prices are good. Staff is nice, too busy to really get to know you or give that extra little bit of customer service though.
"I am giving Neighborhood Restaurant three stars.  Maybe this is an unfair rating because i am not a brunch person and I went here after church on a Sunday.  I live up the hill, and always walk by this place on my way into Union Square.
      I suppose I should have expected a brunch/breakfast menu but it was about 1pm when we showed up.  I was hoping to check out some Portuguese food but only breakfast food was available.  So rather than order from the lunch menu, I instead had to sort through a bunch of crap I'd never eat: Oreo pancakes, french toast (yuck!) and a bunch of breakfast items I can make at home for a dollar.
      I got the portuguese breakfast, which was good: linguica sausage, fish cakes, eggs and home fries.  I want to come back when the rest of the menu is available.
     The atmosphere is really what brought my rating score up.  On a hot day, outdoor seating was nice and shady with a faux grape vine ceiling and picnic tables.  Really chill eating environment.   I would come back here for Portuguese food but not breakfast."
Best breakfast I ever had. Everything from the grits to the omelets to the waffles was fresh and cooked perfectly. This is a hidden gem.
"Love it. Food is amazing. Right price, friendly service. I've been 5 times and it's never let me down. Rotating special menu always has many delicious options. 
Outdoor seating when the weather is nice. Cash only, but a very cheap ATM inside. Recommend for small or large groups."
"How did they manage to perfect cream of wheat?  I've tried to replicate their hot cereal at home, but fall short every time.  I've never tasted cream of wheat as good as this.  I never thought I'd run out to a restaurant just for this - but I can see myself doing just that.

The rest of breakfast was just as good.  I had a delicious egg scramble with seriously fresh veggies.  The potatoes were a bit on the blah side, but I was too stuffed from everything else to have any room for those.

The two bummers are that it's really squishy inside and the restaurant is so popular that it's often a pretty long wait outside to get seated."
"Oh cream of wheat I didn't realize I would ever love you! 

I love The Neighborhood, and the location is great if you live in the area. I try not to go on Sunday's because of the long lines. But if you get a chance during a weekday or go on a Saturday there's usually little to no line. 

Also wanted to point out that last time I was there people where coming in just to get the Cream of Wheat to go. I haven't tried it yet, but it looks like you can now. Also the Sweet bread french toast is amazing, and I really like there potato's. I have yet to get anything that I didn't like, but because of it's popularity the service can be touch and go, but for the good food I can wait."
"A real favorite, love this place...

Always a tiny bit of a wait, but well worth it.

All menu items I have tried are great (corned beef hash is my favorite).

Prices are really low, servers are nice and everyone around always seems to be having a lot of fun!"
"Finally, after hearing so much about this place, I decided to try it.

***FIRST THING*** if you show up and there's a line outside [which there tends to be], put your name and party-size on the list so you don't stand aimlessly like an idiot.  Yes.  I fell victim to this during my first visit.  The eager diners in front of us did not feel compelled to share the same advice I just gave you.  You're welcome.

Anywhoo, this is simply put the BEST breakfast spot I've found in the area.  And I've lived here for 3 years and have tried most of them.  SoundBites, Ball Square, Kelly's, Rosebud, Lighthouse, etc, etc.  Nothing holds a candle to the value and quality you get at Neighborhood.

The coffee gets slammed on Yelp but it's actually really good.  Especially if you're craving it.  Every breakfast comes with bottomless coffee, a small OJ [which is a small step up from water], cream of wheat or fruit, homefries, toast, and a little pastry [usually a corn muffin or corn bread].  If they have baked apples as the fruit, GET IT.  It's like warm applesuace sweetened with glaze and a thick apple-skin shell.  So good.

For plates, the cinnamon texas toast french toast is my favorite.  The pancakes are fluffy and delish, and the omelets are huge and stuffed to the brim.

Overall, be prepared to wait, but it is worth it.  I can't wait for the summer when they double their capacity with the outdoor seating!"
"I realized today that what makes this place so special is that it isn't.  It simple, unassuming, good food that does not aspire to be anything else.  This is a rarity these days among the ubiquitous theme restaurants and of course the explosion of trendy places where squid ink or its metaphorical brethren had to make an appearance at least once on the menu.    There is something charming about food that is meant to be food -- a throwback to a time when food was cooked by artisans rather than artists.  

The portions are large and the price is reasonable and the cream of wheat is to die for.  I am not sure what they do, but it is perfectly sweetened and just the right viscosity with just the right amount of creaminess from butter or cream, ostensibly.  I got eggs and bacon with of course the copious sides (for the uninitiated, all breakfasts come with coffee or tea, a small cup of juice, bread, cream of wheat or fruit and most include home fries).  The eggs were good -- not as moist as I would have liked, but a great deal better than most breakfast joints.  The bacon was well cooked.  they left just the right amount of fat on to take it soft and baconny.  Home fries were a okay.

Like some others have mentioned, there is a table next to the door that is rightfully labeled by the wait staff, ""the coldest table in house.""  It is not so bad because there is a large heater that goes when the door opens, but even so, the hostess could have been more efficient in keeping the door open a minimum."
"The Neighborhood has been around as long as I can remember; it's truly a Union Square relic. I always go jogging by here and there's usually a line, since there's not really any room to wait inside.  But they set out free coffee and warm sweet bread while you wait!  So right from the moment you get here, you feel like you're in someone's home.

The cream of wheat is one of the best things ever!  Super rich, comforting, and just a little bit salty.  You might be tempted to opt for the fruit (which was a baked apple when I was here recently), because the meals can be pretty heavy, but you absolutely can't miss the cream of wheat!

Even though The Neighborhood has been around forever, they renovated the inside fairly recently, so it's pretty clean and nice.  But there's still not a lot of space, so expect to be fairly crammed in with your neighbors.

The brunch menu includes classics like omelettes, eggs benedict, and french toast as well as Portuguese specialties like linguica.  Everything is $10-15, which might seem slightly expensive for breakfast, but when you remember that every meal includes coffee, OJ, pastries, and cream of wheat/fruit, you realize that the prices are super reasonable.  You will definitely be full all day!  It's cash only, but there is an ATM inside.

When it comes to brunch it doesn't get any better than The Neighborhood!  I love supporting family-owned places like this, and it's easy to do when the food is so good! :)"
The wait is long, but it is worth it. We came here for brunch last week with a group. I ordered their apple cider french toast. I believe they used Portuguese sweet bread, and it was delicious. My husband ordered the homemade corned beef hash, and he said it may have been the best corned beef hash that he has had. Excited to come here again another day.
Simply a wonderful breakfast. I was a bit concerned at first having to wait on the sidewalk to even get in but it was worth it. The homes fries were chunky and well seasoned and the French toast was amazing. Why?? Don't know but it was. Highly recommend this place. All breakfasts start with a big bowl of cream of wheat with cinnamon or baked apple. Cash only but ATM on site.
Summer is not complete without a few trips here. Aaah the joy of sitting under the grape vines with a breeze cooling you off. I come here for the cream of crack. I always hated that stuff till I had some here. My god, blown away by the taste. The rest of the food is as delicious, including the pancakes, eggs and french toast. There are a lot of extra goodies which come along with your order like home fries, some homemade toast with jelly and butter, muffins. The staff is super friendly. When I am working nights I come here on weekdays to avoid the weekend rush and sit in peace and enjoy the summer breeze. Hands down my favorite breakfast spot!
"One time I saw a lady walk in with a HUGE tupperware container and get it filled with cream of wheat. She drove all the way to Union Square just for their cream of wheat! They do not mess around here.

I always opt for the complimentary fruit though (CoW is just not my thing) and I love the little shot of OJ you get.  

Omelets are huge and stuffed generously with whatever you asked them to be stuffed with (I like broccoli & cheddar + bacon when I'm feeling sinful).  Sometimes they sneak surprise muffins in with your toast (last time it was a coconut muffin and it was so good! I thought about pretending like it wasn't anything special, but then I felt guilty and offered a taste to my dining companion).   

Cozy dining room, super pleasant staff, reasonable prices and generous portions.  

And now I'm looking forward to spring when it will be warm enough to dine on the patio. Yes!"
Great food.  Large selection of breakfast foods.  Mmm... Pumpkin pancakes and apples cinnamon crepes.  Had a nice selection of healthy selections.  Most meal choices already include juice, coffee, and toast!
"A good friend recommended that we arrive early for Sunday breakfast, since the restaurant gets crowded by 9-9:30 am.  When we arrived at about 8:15 am, many of the tables were full, but we had a choice of 3 tables with the ""Sit Anywhere"" policy.

The restaurant has 15 or so tables inside, plus outdoor seating (but it wasn't yet warm enough to be outside).  The place is neat, clean, and maybe recently painted, but not redecorated for may years.  The wait staff were pleasant, good-lookking and very efficient.

There's at least a half dozen breakfast combos for about $8, along with a bunch of selections for $10.99.  I had one of the $8 breakfasts that included a small juice(4-5 oz. glass), small fruit salad plate (with real fruit, not canned), bottomless coffee, cheese omlette (made with 2 eggs, American cheese), breakfast meat, toast, and homefries. Everything was nicely done, arrived warm, attractively arranged on the plate, and service was quick. The breakfast was satisfying but I definitely would not call the portions 'large'.

I have a serious gag reflex when I see porridge or grits, so I found it especially gratifying that no one at the nearby tables was flashing their Wheatina, Cream of Wheat, Maypo at me.

When we left the restaurant around 9 am, there were several people waiting for a table.

I would definitely return  to the restaurant if I found myself in the neighborhood around 8 in the morning.  But the meal wasn't so outstanding that I'd be willing to wait 30 minutes to be seated for breakfast."
I love this place! I wish we lived closer to it! We drive from the cape to just get the Magical Cream of Wheat!!! OMG!!! I wish they would sell it online and I could have it shipped to me in Marion!!! The service is always great but you have to get there early to avoid long lines. The bread they put out is wonderful!!! Love the team that serves. A great family owns this place and they take pride into the restaurant. I put my hubby onto this place!!! He loves it..
"Came here on a recommendation from my neighbor. 

Great menu and setting.  We had the homemade corn beef hash and poached eggs with a side of French toast.  The hash was one of the best we've ever had.  Looking forward to sampling more of their menu."
Finally made it here for breakfast! Came with my sister for a late breakfast and left feeling full and a bit sluggish, as the American breakfast can do. I got one of the specials which was cinnamon french toast, yum yum yum! It came with scrambled eggs, toast, and homefries which I really liked. The fruit, however, was browning and not as fresh as could be. Orange juice was d-lish, definitely freshly squeezed. We were lucky to get a table by ourselves, the place is so small I thought we were going to have to share! It's a bit weird to sit with other people you don't know, but it's only breakfast, nothing crazy. Bill was $24 ... not bad!
The very thought of sitting underneath the grape vines in their outdoor cafe enjoying a 3lb Omlette filled with everything from linguica to a whole salmon filet makes the drool start to flow from my lips. If I had one last breakfast on this Earth I would spend it at the Neighborhood. If you have yet to discover this hidden gem on the outskirts of Union Sq. in Somerville, get there soon becuase once the green line extension shows up next millenium you won't be able to find a seat.
Lovely restaurant, love the cream of wheat(Idk any other restaurant that serves it) went a few times, quite delicious and friendly staff.
"I came to the Neighborhood Restaurant early Thursday morning and the place was pretty dead.  Yay, no lines!  However, I so wanted to sit outside, but alas, the dreadful and typical Boston weather decided to spoil my plans.  We had to settle and sit in the cramped interior.  No biggie.

The food was ok but nothing that blew me away.  It's your standard breakfast eats with a splash of Portuguese flavor.  I'm not a melon fan and the fruit salad was just melons and grapes.  It's not my thing, but that's just me.  The orange juice was quite bland.  Other reviews mention that it's freshly squeezed.  I beg to differ.  My eggs, homefries and such were all good though.  No complaints there.

Prices were very reasonable.  Service was very quick and efficient.  I don't think I'd come back here for breakfast.  It just didn't do it for me.   Their lunch menu, however, looks promising,"
Two eggs the way you like them, cream of wheat, orange juice, coffee, fish cake, meat cake, salmon salad, portugese sausage, rice, beans, and a stick of butter with a small layer of toast -- if you need the perfect morning after breakfast, look no further. The Borges family welcomes you with open arms and clogged arteries.
"Can't believe we didn't discover this place until today!   

What a fantastic brunch place!  Despite it nearly being October, it felt like a warm sunny day today.  This was good because the outside patio was open.  It is a really cute place- with bright umbrellas providing shade at each table along with a grapevine ""ceiling"" shading the entire space.  

They had a small table with free coffee and codcakes for those waiting in line, which was a great touch.  Those codcakes were DELICIOUS.  My husband had to stop me from taking a third one.   

We got seated at a nice table in the back and ordered one of the specials - the Portuguese breakfast (sausage, rice and beans, 3 different types of fishcakes, 2 eggs) as well as French toast off the regular menu.  Each order also came with homefried, freshbaked pastries, and fruit or cream of wheat,  As you can tell, there was a lot of food!  And it was all delicious.  

Do expect a huge crowd waiting on the weekend, but the line moves pretty quickly.

Only negatives:  They are super busy so you often have to wait to catch the waiter's attention and then flag him/her down if you need anything.  Also, I asked for the white bread French toast and got wheat bread instead.  Not a big deal since it ended up being good.  Also, pretty hard to find parking around the area.

We are sure we'll be making the Neighborhood a regular brunch spot!"
This place is one of my favorite in all of Boston.  Overall the food is good, by the thing that stands out is the cream of wheat.  It was one of the most surprising and delicious things I've ever eaten.  If you go around September you can get free concord grapes from their vines as well!
Somerville's best brunch! Don't plan on eating anything else that day. I like to get one of the healthy options because they are flavorful and delicious.
"Craving breakfast? Go to the Neighborhood. Yes there's a wait on the weekends (and we even experienced a wait on a non-holiday Monday morning), but I'd prefer to wait in line for breakfast here than the nearby Ball Square long-line restaurants. 

Each breakfast comes with coffee, juice, fruit or cream of wheat (Get the cream of wheat!) and a plate of muffins/breads...all before you even order your main dish, which are fairly big portion sizes. 

The outdoor seating in the shaded patio is beautiful and will keep you cool on a hot day."
Went for Sunday brunch and was very impressed. The cream of wheat was to die for! My meal was about $13 but it was enough food to make three meals out of. I will definitely return the next time I'm in town! It is cash only but there is an ATM inside. Well worth the wait!
Love this place. Bring quarters for the meters and its cash only. LOVE THE CREAM OF WHEAT!!!!!!!!!!
"Weekend brunch here is phenomenal. You get a lot of food for what you pay. Everything seems to come with eggs and toast and potatoes and meat and really tasty cream of wheat. I was unaware of this before I first went, had some yogurt at home to hold me over, and then could barely finish half my breakfast. And I'm a breakfast-eating-machine. My crepes were a little cold and blah, but that's what i get for getting crepes not at a crepery. Didn't even care cos the rest of it was so good and filling. There were a bunch of other tasty looking things on the menu that I'll have to try eventually.

On the down-side, it was pacckkkkedd on the Saturday I went and my chair was crammed right up to the table. There was a long (30 minute) wait. It seems like they were offering free coffee to the line of people waiting outside, but there were no mugs for the coffee. Also, there are pictures of creepy looking babies wearing earrings everywhere. God I hate babies. Especially babies who wear jewelery."
If anyone can suggest a better breakfast place in Boston, let me know. There's a good reason this place always has at least a 30 minute wait. The patio is fun with almost complete shade from grape vines, and the free coffee and cornbread while you wait on the street is always greatly appreciated. The eggs benedict with hash is great, and their homemade jam is excellent.
"Read this review and I shall reveal to you you The Secret of the Cream of Wheat. 

This place is certainly a good diner. And since you can get food poisoning at approximately 30% of the diners in Greater Boston, The Neighborhood Restaurant rates relatively high in my book. But come on. It's not delicious. It's just damn good. 

I had the pumpkin pancakes; they didn't need syrup or butter, that's a plus. And two eggs over easy, done right, with toast. My plate of fruit was forgettable, the cream of wheat was memorable, and my oh-so-sophisticated palate discerned, hmm, what is that, ah yes...cream and sugar.* Try it in your coffee! Or your oatmeal at home! And save yourself the wait!

I ate here during the middle of week and they have (seriously) an AYCE buffet. But I just couldn't.

*Or, on second thought, possibly sweetened condensed milk."
"I enjoyed a group brunch at Neighborhood, but would agree that it doesn't live up to the hype. I love brunch, and eating outdoors, and lack of pretension, all of which led me to Neighborhood. On the other hand, the wait was quite long. They had coffee and a plate of cake/bread to keep the crowd satisfied while waiting, but both were empty for nearly the entirety of our wait. Something like pound cake was brought out just before we were seating, which was a nice gesture, if unhelpful caffeine-wise. 

The menu is quite extensive, and most brunch dishes are very filling and well worth the $14 or so that you're spending, since it includes coffee (free refills), a shot-sized plastic cup of OJ, toast, fruit, etc. It's not the tastiest or most exciting brunch option, but it's solid and your group won't feel rushed at all. After waiting so long to be seated, we were in no hurry to leave, and never got that ""you really ought to be on your way"" look from staff. They were also quite patient with our bill-splitting struggle."
The cream of wheat , also coconut fresh toast and they are very generous with the coconut shredding! I'm from around the area so I frequent when the lines not around the corner !
"I've only been here for brunch, and not since I moved out of the neighborhood in 2003. But man, the brunch (and particularly the portions) in this place are legendary. I wish I could get a lobster omelette in San Francisco with 3 sides, juice, and coffee period ... much less for under $14. 

When I think of your green awning, Neighborhood, I sigh."
"Cute, cozy little restaurant with an adorable patio. 
Fantastic home cooking served by friendly & attentive staff.
Amazing value for a super filling and delicious breakfast.
Freshly baked breads & muffins= Lovely way to start the day
Freshly squeezed OJ- Yummy
The Cream of Wheat- Creamy, sweet, topped w/ cinnamon--Amazing! --makes me wish I was a kid again!
Portuguese breakfast special: 3 eggs+ cod cake, shrimp cake, meat cake+ Linguica + morcela+ home fries+ toast+ muffin= Super stuffed & happy me! 
Special Corned Beef hash Benedict= Best in Boston!
And we can't forget the server with amazingly large arms delivering food to your table.

Place gets really busy very quickly so try to get there early or be prepared to wait. One of the best breakfast places in Somerville!"
My friends and I are regulars are the Neighborhood! This place is great to go during the summer because they have outdoor seating and the wait time is less compared to the winter. When there is a wait we have to sign our names on a sheet of paper and a waitress will call out the name when the table is ready. We get coffee and a small glass of orange juice plus a choice of cream of wheat or fruit. This place is great, but unfortunately they don't take credit/ debit card, but they do have an ATM inside.
I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and quantity of what was offered for what I paid. You are offered a cup of coffee as soon as you walk in. The menu isn't huge but the two dishes I've tried were very tasty. I'd definitely recommend their haddock; it comes with homefries and veggies... Delicious! When you then think you're done, the waiter brings you flan! :D It wasn't the most impressive flan I've tasted ever but, hey, just like the coffee, it was on the house, so it's all good!! Their breakfast menu is mouth-watering and I've been planning to go back for it.
"The food and service here were excellent!  We came here during the week around 2-3pm and it wasn't busy at all, but I've heard that on the weekends, it can get really busy.  The restaurant isn't big, so if you can, I would recommend coming during the week to avoid crowds.

Upon seating us, they gave us complimentary orange juice and a basket of bread.  The menu has a lot of breakfast type food, but we decided to opt for one of their seafood dishes - the Portuguese filet - and we glad we did!  The filet was lightly breaded and seemed more dense than halibut.  The dish came with three filets, broccoli, and rice.  The broccoli was cooked well, but on the salty side.  However, with the rice and fish being not as salty, they balanced each other out.  The entree also came with a side of kale soup and salad.  The soup was delicious, perfectly seasoned, and had just the right texture and body.  If only I could reproduce it!  We just ordered one entree and shared it, and we were both stuffed at the end.

Overall, I was pleasantly satisfied with the food and look forward to coming here again."
I love this place for breakfast in the Summer and Spring with there beautiful grape vines above seating and general feel of it's atmosphere.  Does not hurt that some of their employees are wonderful too!
We were in Boston a year ago and found The Neighborhood Resturant- we thought it was fabulous.  So when we made it back to Boston for this Christmas, it was a must stop for our family.  The cream of wheat is amazing but the Corn Beef Hash is my favorite thing!
love this place in the morning when Im coming from work there breakfasts are on point
"Small place, but very friendly staff. Traveling here from the Philadelphia area and I can easily say this has been one of the best breakfast meals I've ever had. Had the ""healthy"" option, egg white omelette with spinach, broccoli and cheese (with four pieces of turkey bacon) and also a wheat waffle. AMAZING! You get sooo much food for your money. Great experience and def recommend it."
"This is a true gem, a diamond in the rough. Although, it definitely isn't a diamond in the rough, it actually IS a sparkling, tried and tested jewel that holds up to the hype. Some of the best food you're going to have and the best service ever provided. You might have to wait but with free coffee outside, it's more of a pleasure than a pain in the side. 

It's a Portuguese-run restaurant and family owned. It runs like a well-oiled machine that has been doing it for years. You sit outside in the patio area under tacky umbrellas and amongst garden gnomes and plastic cheetahs but all that lends so much character that you wish people would write this place off as ""bad"" so that you could get in that much faster. I think that the most incredible part about the restaurant is all the extra sides they hook you up with (at least for breakfast). You get a choice of cream of wheat (which is excellent) or fresh fruit (which I think was cantaloupe and melon) and they give free orange juice and coffee. Since breakfast food can usually be done anywhere and everywhere and usually taste about the same, I decided to go with their special Portuguese breakfasts that came with a whole lot of fried things and meat that I unfortunately do not know the names to. And also unfortunately these specials aren't listed on their main website menu so if you're lucky to enough to find them on your menu next time you go, you should give one of these plates a try. And why not? It's obviously the dish that they would do the best. The meat that I had was tender and juicy and the potatoes were perfect. I had something else that seemed like a dark plantain as well as another deep-fried fish cake-ish ball. I sound completely ignorant and like a uninformed tourist here, but if I could humbly add my opinion to this already well-established restaurant, it would be to give them a try if you haven't already and that you'll have a wonderful time having breakfast in the cutest, quaint neighborhood you've ever seen.  

Tip well, because the restaurant deserves 5 stars on EVERY level. 

Yelp challenge #19/365"
"This is the best place in the world.
Their cream of wheat is laced with crack. I'm convinced.

Go on a weekday. Stay forever.

Cash only.
Eat outside on the patio. I can't vouch for the indoors."
"I went here on a Saturday morning with a friend that lives around the corner from the restaurant and had been raving about it.  When we saw how long the line was going to be I immediately suggested that we just go food shopping and make our own brunch, but she wouldn't give in. 

So despite my whining about starving we found a spot against the building next door and plopped ourselves down. To my absolute delight, not 5 minutes later did one of the servers come out with a tray of muffins and cereal! For free! They also have free coffee while you're waiting out on the sidewalk, but not being a coffee drinker thats not a huge plus for me. 

The wait actually wasn't too long and thank GOD. There was a couple standing 2 feet away from us in which the girl was popping zits on her boyfriends shoulder like it ain't no thang. Oh hi, I just puked in my mouth. Thanks so much! 

We were seated at a picnic table, and doubled up with another couple people, but the tables are long enough that you still really do have your privacy to talk about whatever you want and not worry about it. 

We were waited on almost immediately by a server who seemed to be working almost all of the tables, but he moved so quickly there was no complaint there.  Unfortunately, when he came to serve us our food he did not have what I ordered as my stomach grumbled in protest. But amazingly, he was back out I'd say in less than 5 minutes with the right order. 

The food was great and the weather was beautiful for late September and I was thrilled to be able to eat outside. 

 I only had a couple problems with this place. One, yes it is nice that you get OJ with your meal but its in a impossibly small glass. I understand it is because its fresh squeezed, but I wasn't even allowed to order a larger glass. Boo. Though, it was really cool that you could go over and help yourself to some water!  Two, I was charged the same price for eggs, hash browns and corned beef hash as my friend was for a plate of eggs, bacon,  a huge plate of pancakes, toast and a bowl of fruit. I felt a little jipped."
"One of my favorite local places for brunch. here is why:
1) Great friendly staff, and you sign yourself onto the seating wait  list
2) coffee and cake munchies while you wait
3) the best outdoor seating in the summer
4) great local atmosphere at a family run restaurant
5) Portuguese breakfast on menu
6) low fat options on menu

This is now a swanky brunch spot. this is a neighborhood brunch spot. You know you are local when you have brunch here.

The portions are huge, and everything comes with a lot of sides: cream of wheat or fresh fruit, toast, OJ coffee, hash browns - hard to fit it all on the table. You can split one entree for a small fee. One down side - I have to say the coffee is merely passable.

The wait on weekends after 10.15am can be 25+ minutes."
"I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars, because it's slightly better than ""a-ok"" but wasn't quite awesome enough for me to be a ""fan.""

There were some great points.  The price is one.  Extremely cheap, especially given the amount of food you get.  My french toast was actually very good, and I appreciate that they offer you a choice of white or wheat bread.  I also liked the assortment of muffins and breads that they brought for the table.  And since it was summer, outdoor seating was quite lovely.

But there were several negatives.  All of the coffee and samples were gone when we got there, so we had to stand and starve for our 45 minute wait.  My friends kept berrating me to get the cream of wheat (even after our food had arrived), but I wanted a healthier option so I went with the side of fruit.  My fruit did not taste fresh at all, and looked and tasted like it had been sitting out for quite some time.  Also it was basically just a serving of 2 different kinds of melons.  No variety at all.  And, dare I say, I think The Neighborhood actually gives you TOO much food.  I couldn't even finish my meal, and I was still uncomfortably full.

I visited this place with 2 friends who live in Somerville, and go to The Neighborhood all the time.  They had been raving about it for weeks, so when I finally went, I think the place was a little over-hyped.  I expected the best meal I've ever had, and this was not it.  But it was definitely waaaaay above the worst.  3.5 stars."
Yes, just yes to everything. Eat here, leave full, be happy. Cash only!
Not the best but not the worst, seasonal outdoor seating saves this place.  The indoor seating used in wet/cold weather reminds me of a big disorganized closet.  It is the only diner in union square, so kind of stuck when your looking for a local in/out bacon n egg befast
"Came in for some much needed me time. Decided to check this place out for some breakfast.

Everything on the menu and their specials of the day sounded delicious. There was a lot to choose from and I couldn't decide so I asked the waitress for some recommendations. From the list of choices I couldn't decide from she recommended that I get the Coconut French Toast Breakfast and the choosing their Cream of Wheat over the Baked Apple. I did just that!

I wish I got the waitresses name because I'm so glad I took her up on the recommendations. Everything she recommended for me to order was delicious. I hate when I'm being given bad recommendations, and I have had my share! 

They give a hefty serving here. My Coconut French Toast breakfast came with coffee, OJ, choice of cream of wheat or baked apple, buttered toasts, corn muffin, 2 eggs, bacon or eggs, and hash. 

The cream of wheat was warm and comforting to have during this brisk summer morning. It had a touch of buttery sweetness and cinnamon, reminding me of cooler seasons

The Coconut French Toast had a good coconut flavor that wasn't too artificial taste or too sweet. The shredded coconut on too was a nice touch and It didn't need any maple syrup, it was good as it was. 

I sat at the outside patio which has umbrella tables and benches under a shading of grape vines. It had a quaint feel to it. The workers were very friendly and welcoming. Definitely a nice spot to have breakfast/brunch by yourself or with others."
"The Neighborhood will always be one of my favorite restaurants. Of course, every time I've gone the weather was beautiful so I had the pleasure of sitting under a grapevine canopy outdoors. Not that the food doesn't stand on its own! My most memorable experience was with a stack of mango whole-wheat pancakes. The portion wasn't enormous, but it was supplemented with juice, coffee, a bowl of fruit, cream of wheat, and toast (?) - all for ten dollars. I might even be leaving something out, in fact. 

Well worth the wait, especially on a warm and sunny weekend morning if you don't have to rush anywhere afterwords."
The food is amazing!!! I don't like cream of wheat but theirs has changed my mind, it is amazing.  Everything was wonderful there !!! Highly recommend this place.  Note:it's cash only
I love eating breakfast out and finally wandered over to The Neighborhood Restaurant after reading the great reviews. There I found a wonderful patio setting, one of the best omelets I've ever had, and a family atmosphere where waitresses called me honey as they refilled my coffee.  If this isn't breakfast nirvana, I don't know what is.
"All you people with regular job type jobs really get screwed. 

Play hooky one beautiful cool summer morning, and come for breakfast under the grapevines without the hustle and bustle.  Let me tell you, it's lovely.  Super lovely.

Sure, I've had better food.  Better bacon, better eggs, better muffins, better juice, better coffee, better fruit.  But I have NEVER, NEVER EVER, NEVER EVER EVER had better cream of wheat.  

And I do not think that I have ever been to a restaurant that was as generous as The Neighborhood.  Sure, you pay for it in the end.  There is no free lunch (despite the sign on the window).  But dammit, they still give you free orange juice when you sit down.  And it feels generous.  

Plus everyone gets that cream of wheat.  I am still thinking about it.  Mmm.

I was visiting, so I had no idea of any hype or anti-hype.  I got to be surprised about how great a place this is.  Simple.  Homey.  Generous.  

And really, when I was there, the service was excellent too.  Next time I go back, I may try to see if I can skip everything else, and just have the cream of wheat, with a side of cream of wheat.  And some coffee.  And the free orange juice, of course."
This place was one of he first I have explored in Somerville, due to its fame. I have always been pleased with their food. Prices are good and I love their patio. Unfortunately I have noticed a decrease in the quality of their servings (not the service!) over the last 6 months. I find their dishes too heavy and also the menu has been left without new entries for you long. I am very concerned about this trend as I consider the neighborhood one of the gems of Union square!
"Neighborhood is a great brunch restaurant and I'd always be down to go back. We got there early (8:30ish) on a Saturday morning with a group of 3 and still had to wait about 20 minutes which just goes to show how good it is. As others mentioned, waiting is quite pleasant as long as the weather is nice, since they leave out little treats and drinks while you wait. 

Once you're seated (Ask to sit outdoors, it's nicer than inside), the menu is extensive. I split one of the breakfast specials and one a la carte item with another person and we both left very sated but not stuffed, and the price ended up being really reasonable because of everything that is included. Coffee and drinks are good, our omelette was delicious, and the French toast was decent (not the best I've had but I'd order it again). 

The only reason I'm taking off a star is that the service was only okay - we had to flag someone down pretty much whenever we needed anything and the check took a while to get (which we felt bad about since there was such a long line)."
This place is always crowded but well worth the wait, even in the dead of winter! I usually go for the Portuguese breakfast which has a delicious assortment of smaller items including cod croquettes, linguica and black pudding, but all the dishes I've tried over the years have been thoroughly satisfying brunch fare. The service is very friendly and the free coffee outside in the winter helps greatly in surviving the lengthy wait for a table. What really sets this place apart, however, is the cream of wheat. I've tried many times to replicate it at home without success. It's of course creamy but also perfectly sweet and lifted up by citrus and spices in the most amazing way. Life changing.
"Cream of Wheat! Who would have ever thought it could be addicting?  If you had a bowl at the Neighborhood Restaurant in Somerville, MA you would understand why.

Cooked in the kitchen of a Portuguese-American mom and pop shop in Union Square, the top secret recipe leaves people practically licking their bowls. It is so good that I'm convinced if the Neighborhood ever opted to open a food truck just serving the cream of wheat, they would be millionaires within the week!

Containing traces of lemon peel, cinnamon, butter, and sugar, amongst other less noticeable ingredients, the cream of wheat is something you either love or hate. While some don't quite understand the platform created for this bowl of goodness, others would easily jump for joy. For me personally, it brings me back to my former years when my mother would serve me a bowl as a kid. It's sort of like that scene in Ratatouille, when the famed food critic takes his first bite of the meal and gets transported back to his childhood home eating his mothers home cooking. Now how many foods have you eaten that can do all that?

The cream of wheat is just not a bowl of mush, but is an experience that opens the mind, provokes an emotion, and has the potential to tap into your memory bank. If you have tried it and don't like it, fine. Everyone has an opinion. But, if you haven't tried it, you are doing yourself a disservice. The cream of wheat has easily become a Somerville classic!"
"Good food, large amount, very affordable. 

I had the French toast, home fries, luingiça, cream of wheat, and coffee all for about $10. I had never tried linguiça before but I would definitely order it again. The cream of wheat was good but don't see what the hype is about, tasted slightly salty. Maybe I'm just not a cream of wheat person? Either way it came with my French toast plate so not mad about it. 

In a world of jazzy overpriced brunches, a small diner with no frills, good food, and even better price was refreshing. Will come back."
"So i had to knock down the rating because of the surrounding ""noise"" this being the actual conversations of the servers and i think a manager? Or someone associated with the place. Maybe people are naturally loud and yell at each other across the room... Not one or two exchanges but a full blown convo... Ummm can you guys get closer and have a real convo?

I forgot to finish this:

THE GOOD PART!
grapes are real and are good! ask to try them! This made this place so unique. Food was good - when we went however it was a bit chilly and we wanted to sit inside but the inside was closed? hmmm odd... maybe construction or we just came at a bad time. All in all, food was good, i would come back for sure when it is warm and sit in the patio again."
"At this tiny storefront you see a sign that reads ""Welcome to the Neighborhood"", the Portuguese breakfast shop's tiny interior has a sassy backyard extension where brunchers can eat under a canopy of grape vines. 

At this neighborhood haunt late morning risers are the mainstay especially since they serve breakfast until four. The menu hues closely to your typical breakfast menu with few exceptions- pumpkin pancakes, french toast on Portuguese bread  and a linguica filled omelet. Most of the items are under ten dollars. Whatever you order you get your choice of tea or coffee with free refills and that delicious bowl of cream of wheat. 

Dishes for the dieters do exist from whole wheat pancakes to egg white omelets.  Upon request you can get any style eggies in just egg whites. But don't bother. With their wonderfully tasty cream of wheat smothered with more sugar and butter than you'll care to admit. The stuff tastes more like a pudding than wheat!"
Tons of options for weekend brunch menu.  I always leave super stuffed! I crave the warm bowl of cream of wheat specifically!! With cinnamon topped goodness.
"This place is a gem, no secret, which is evident by the perpetual but orderly crowd that gathers and flows out into the street and sidewalk.
Bohemian outdoor patio draped with grape vines that becomes the jelly served to you and is also for sale. Coffee and generous wedges of corn bread or red velvet cake is offered self serve to those waiting patiently for  their names to be called.
The menu is exciting and vast but not at all overwhelming. Savory and sweet on one plate seems to be the theme, maybe pumpkin pancakes with eggs, hash browns and sausage. 
Coffee is included, as is a choice of either Cream of Wheat or a fruit... on today's visit a beloved Carmel Apple... essentially a perfectly baked apple with sweet drizzle in its own small bowl... interesting addition and fantastic.
Service is doting and friendly, atmosphere couldn't be better with umbrella covered round and also picnic tables. Coffee is continuously poured..
While you are awaiting your table, stroll across the street to Union  Square Donuts and check out the magic going on there as well."
"FYI- Try the Cream of Wheat. Beyond that order whatever blows your hair back. Me and my friend Jessica went for breakfast. Usual 30+ minute wait. I like that they have coffee outside for those soon to be patrons. Unfortunately their coffee is pretty horrible. I found out from a friend who is ""in the business"" that because they pretty much give their coffee for free with every meal that they don't really care what the coffee tastes like. I say charge for coffee and get better coffee. But that's just me... We ordered two different things so we could share. 

1. She got the spinach and feta cheese omelet for her. I'm not a huge omelet fan but it was tasty. Came with home fries, ham and toast. Also good. 
2. I got what I thought said pecan pie or candied pecan pancakes with caramel drizzle. What I got was pancakes with small bits of pecans and no caramel. They quickly brought it out when they realized it was missing. Also got home fries and 3 eggs over easy and scali toast. 

Prior to all the food, we both got the cream of wheat which I love and they brought out a plate of small muffins and pastry stuff. 

All and all a good breakfast but not GREAT. I usually rave about The Neighborhood. I wish the patio was open because of the unseasonably warm weather but oh well not their fault. Ordering off the Specials Menu usually something a little better or more unique than the usual menu. Not so much this time. We actually got sat with two other people which was kind of awkward. It was a 4 seat table that they split up. Once they left though they didn't seat anyone there thankfully.  And their coffee was especially bitter this time. But I will always keep The Neighborhood on my list of Breakfast Go To's."
"I go out to breakfast/brunch at about twice a week in boston area and the neighborhood is by far my favorite. 
This is truly a neighborhood restaurant, run by a family and awash with little old ladies that are there everyday and leave with free cupcakes from the staff. 
The food is ALWAYS excellent and plentiful. Start with the cream of wheat - which is generally a very unspecial hot mush cereal - but here it is like crack with cream and sugar. 
Specials are fabulous and consist of eggs and potatoes with a ""side"" (huge serving) of fresh made waffles or fluffy pancakes with fresh fruit. You also get a plate of freshly baked breads, muffins and sweet cakes and free orange juice and coffee is included. The food is made of high quality ingredients like thick cut ham, house made portuguese sausages, and home-made baked goods - no corners are cut here, and it's a huge amount of delicious food for the money.

The service is small-family style, don't be pushy, rude or in a rush; it's not McDonalds. It is a casual and friendly atmosphere and consistently an enjoyable experience. 
Don't try to go there on a weekend day unless you want to wait 2 hours for a table, this is a small restaurant that is VERY busy on weekends."
"I had my first brunch at The Neighborhood this weekend, and I'll definitely be going back. Soon.

It's crowded, noisy, and delicious.  Maybe not the best choice for a very hungover weekend morning, but if you'[re hungry, it's the place to go.  I got potato pancakes with a mascarpone  topping and oh...so good.  Not to mention they come with sausages, eggs, toast, hash browns and cream of wheat or fruit.  I'm not sure if it's even possible for one person to eat that much in one sitting?

The service was great.  They seem to have a ton of people working, so even though the place is a little hectic-feeling, we never felt neglected.  Our server was super friendly and happy to go fetch waters etc (ie, extra mascarpone topping...yum).

The only downside is the wait.  You sign yourself up on a list and then wait your turn.  There were a good 6/7 parties ahead of us, so we went to explore the cool comic book store next door (and to pet the owner's friendly dog).  I think we were probably seated about 25 minutes, which is definitely worth it to me.  Also, there were remnants of coffee and some kind of snack for people waiting, but sadly all gone by the time we got there.  If they remember to refill, it's a nice touch."
Awesome!  We got the BBQ steak tips/Shrimp and Portuguese Pork.  Incredible flavor and portion size.  Rain kept us from the patio - next time
Tried for the first time today and fell in love! Was pleasantly surprised when ordering we were offered a starter of a baked apple of cream of wheat! Service was amazing as well
"Lunch fare review:

This is a review for lunch fare. The reviews are glowing, but I would say that for lunch, this place is just average. While you wont' see a lot of Portuguese restaurants around Boston, this one certainly thrives on yelp with strong reviews. I simply didn't see as much reflected in the food I got to go. The seafood was rather mediocre and tasted pretty much like a smaller family restaurant would. Perhaps it was inflated expectations or the fact that it's somewhat out of the way for most people including myself to get to. One thing that did stand out was the white bread that came with my food. I can easily see myself coming back to buy a loaf.

Stick with breakfast and brunch here, but also expect to see long waits especially if it's raining or it's prime brunch hours."
"The Neighborhood is amazing. It's a cute little spot in the heart of Union Square with inexpensive home made dishes, friendly staff and a great outdoor patio. It almost feels like eating breakfast in your grandma's kitchen. The portions are huge and the food, more than satisfying.

The cream of wheat is to die for. I'm not kidding...you may think you want fruit instead (they give you the option), you might even convince yourself you're going to order fruit, but when the server asks you which option you'd prefer, I bet you a million bucks you'll opt for the cream of wheat. It's THAT GOOD!!!

The patio is adorable and perfect for eating outside. Set back from the street, it offers privacy from traffic, big picnic tables, and a lovely grape-vine covered top (they use the grapes to make sangria)...

All in all, not to be missed...check it out. You'll definitely be back."
How could it get any better? Best weekend hangover cure around. The only time I eat cream of wheat (TRY the cream of wheat because it's absolutely delicious and comes with your breakfast). Breakfast also always comes with bottomless coffee, delicious homemade breads/pastries, and OJ. I am hooked on the coconut french toast breakfast with linguica. I am also hooked on the sexy waiter with the arms too big to fathom (you have to see them to understand them). Leftovers are always enough to fill me up a whole second time. I would eat here every weekend if I didn't want to get fat(ter). Parking on Bow St. isn't bad on the weekends (metered) - but if you're not into crowds try it on a weekday when you're playing hookey or otherwise not working/schooling. I drive all the way from Wakefield to eat here. Oh, one downside is that this breakfast joint is cash only (not really a downside if you're not a debit card addict like myself) so plan on hitting the ATM beforehand. SO MUCH FOOD, so inexpensive! Open 'til 4 so you can still make it if you partied too hard the night before. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
"This place truly lives up to the hype. After an hour wait on a Sunday morning (I put my name down, went to Target, and came back, and ate some brownies that they brought out before finally getting seated), we were finally seated in their beautiful outdoor seating area. Grapes were hanging above us, and if it were a little bit less chilly, I would've felt like I was back in California gain.

The meal began with free coffee, orange juice, and a choice of cream of wheat or fruit salad. The cream of wheat was delicious and not too sweet, and came with a hearty spoonful of cinnamon on top. I sampled a bunch of different dishes that we shared as a group, and they were all good. The steak and egg came with very tender meat, though it was more medium than the medium-rare than I ordered. The Belgian waffle was had a light batter and a delicious pile of fruits and whipped cream on top. The French toast (on sweet bread) was great as well, even without a lot of maple syrup poured on top.

Finally, the prices are great. It's cheaper than what you would pay at IHOP or other brunch places, with huge portions that we took home. My only complaint is the wait and the somewhat slow service, but this is a wonderful way to spend a weekend morning."
"This place has AMAZING breakfast. Everything I ordered tasted so on point from their toast to the Portuguese sausages, eggs, and cream of wheat. If you are ever presented with the option of fruit or cream of wheat, get the cream of wheat!! 
I came here when I was on vaca but I can't wait to come here again next time I visit so I can try all the other delicious options on the menu!"
CREAM OF WHEAT-must have well it complimentary so just take it and devour it like I did! Service is great, food is great, prices are cheap, quantity of food-plenty, family owned!!!!! All the great reason to go back! Thanks for great food guys!
"Welcome to the neighborhood!

I'd been hearing about this place for a while, and just finally got around to trying it. It lived up to everything I had heard.

Walking in, you see brightly colored walls, and a varied crowd. The people really impressed me about this place. It looks like a very trendy hip place from the patio outside with the grapevines, and the bright contemporary colors inside. But the people eating breakfast were varied, probably 3 generations of people, all going out for a delicious brunch!

The food was delicious. They give you free coffee and OJ with every order, and then you get to choose from fresh fruit or cream of wheat as a starter. My friend and I split an order, and they (probably charged us?) gave us each some. As all the other reviewers say, the cream of wheat is nothing like anything I have ever had before. So rich! Our breakfast was pear and pumpkin belgian waffles, and it was delicious! But the most striking part was the fact that they give you three HUGE plates of food, so the serving sizes are humongous! We got eggs, awesome homefries/hashbrowns, and toast, and a muffin. All as part of that same breakfast, nothing extra. 

Another thing I loved was that the waitress came rushing in from outside, saying ""Everybody got money in their meters?"" just as the ticketing guy was coming by. 

Only problem was, I asked for water twice, and never got it. The waitstaff did look busy, though."
Unfortunately I moved to Quincy and literally crave this place every Sunday morning. The fresh muffins and bread and of course the best cream of wheat I have ever had (don't tell my aunt though). If your contemplating not waiting, you are making a huge mistake. One hour is well worth it and they provide you with complimentary coffee and snacks while you wait. The breakfasts are huge, so come hungry!
"Awesome little breakfast joint! Food was great (baked on site) but expensive ($30 for two of us).

Oh, and the bathroom downstairs was definitely not made for anyone over 5 feet!"
This restaurant was IT!!!!!! For me, best breakfast in Boston..PERIOD!!! Pancakes always delcious, buttery, pancakes just soak up the syrup ...ughhh im craving right now lol staff is awesome, very friendly and attentive...my boyfriend introduced me, however I feel they need to maybe expand if possible, very quaint and line is always out the door, can hardly get in in the mornings. Overall Best breakfast food next to mine at home lol
"Yelp served as my guiding light towards the Neighborhood Restaurant a year ago, and I'd like to keep that beacon shining bright. 

Simply put, the Neighborhood Restaurant is everything you could desire in a breakfast joint. They serve insanely large portions, charge next to nothing, and the food is delicious! Each meal comes with unlimited coffee and OJ, your choice between cream of wheat (amazing) and fresh fruit, eggs, toast and pastéis de nata, linguica or ham, and obviously your entree. If that list doesn't sound enticing, you should know it'll only set you back $10 or less (specials are $12, though)!

My suggestion = the coconut french toast."
Going out for breakfast or dim sum on a Sunday is one of my favorite ways to start the day.  My cousin had told me about this place so we made plans to head out there with her boyfriend.  As soon as word got out that we were going a few others excitedly jumped on our band wagon.  We got to the restaurant before 9 and we found parking right out front and only one person in line ahead of us.  They have complimentary home made cake, coffee, and lemonade for patrons while waiting in line.  They also had a sign posted that if you are in a hurry this is NOT the place to be.  The outdoor patio is completely covered by grapevines.  Amazing.  They sat us and right away poured us little shot glasses of orange juice and asked if we would like coffee.  They also give you the option if you would like fruit or the cream of wheat.  Dear god, get the cream of wheat!  This amazing porridge is buttery, slightly lemony and sprinkled with cinnamon.  They also put out home made breads, cake, cupcakes, as well as home made jam.  That day's jam happened to be strawberry banana.  Delicious.  They have an extensive listing of breakfast options as well as about 15 daily specials.  I opted for the home made corned beef hash with 3 poached eggs and potatoes.  I'm kind of a corned beef has snob and this was the best I have ever had.   The potatoes were also totally awesome.  Other dishes at my table consisted of french toast topped with caramel and bananas, lobster omelette, oreo pancakes, and the portuguese breakfast.  I could eat here every week and still not try the whole menu for months.
"Hmm. I can't believe that I haven't reviewed this place yet. Wow. 

Okay, say it with me, yelpers: CREAM OF WHEAT! WOO-HAAA!  I don't know what they do to the Cream of Wheat at this odd little ""neighborhood"" eatery, but it is HEAVENLY!  In fact, I love it so much that I drive out of my way just to get ""two orders of Cream of Wheat to go, please, and toss some extra butters in, will ya?"".  In case you're wondering, yes, BOTH orders are for me.

When I eat there, I order nothing but a big bowl of Cream of Wheat and a large orange juice.  You get yummy breads with any order.

The portions are humongous. You've been warned. They put enough food on the plate for 3 people, so order lightly. The breakfast meals are good. Good food, good people, good place to spend your money.Speaking of which, the prices are right, too.

There will almost always be a line/wait, and it's worth it. The place is family owned, and family run. It's almost like visiting distant kin folk, and having a meal in their kitchen (if you eat inside). I don't care much for the patio, although others seem to love it.  It's got too much hanging stuff above (grapes or something I'm told), and I'm always scared something is going to fall into my bowl of Cream of Wheat.

Anyway, go, enjoy, and support a family owned and operated business with GOOD food, and don't forget, TRY THE CREAM OF WHEAT, then come back and send me a message of thanks!"
Love it. Been coming here since i was a child. Love the cream of wheat.
"By far the best breakfast you will find in the area. Every meal comes with OJ and a choice of either cream of wheat or a fruit bowl. Quick service and they have drinks & snacks outside for customers waiting to be seated. 

Portion sizes are huge and the specials are fantastic and served with multiple sides. I always order the french toast because their bread is ridiculously good.

The inside of the restaurant is extremely tight and you may end up having to share condiments with the table next to you. If you visit with warmer weather, you'll be seated in their patio which is much more spacious and a great atmosphere. 

There's a reason why there are always lines of people outside waiting to be seated.

*CASH ONLY*"
"Yay...after years of eye-ing this place, I finally got to go on a beautiful, clear, and sunny day to enjoy the outdoor seating. The Patio is colorful, cool, and delightful for eating, while the servers were quick and helpful. If you get there too late in the morning expect a line, but they offer a nice touch of free coffee and pastries as you wait. 

Here are some tips to make your visit the best possible: 

- get there before 9am to sit right away, and put your name on the clipboard by the free coffee/pastry table if you get there late.
- eat the cream of wheat... it is yummy. However, seems like the reviewers are obviously not used to latin style farina, because this is just how our cream of wheat taste...yeah, we're the best!
-If you like ethnic food or a more exciting and unique breakfast, try the Portuguese breakfast. The hubby loved the combination of eggs with rice, beans, and blood sausages, and fish cakes.
- If you want something a little safer, try something not-of-the-egg variety. I liked my  coconut french toast a lot, and it comes with basically an egg breakfast on the side too.
- The Portions are huge! In my breakfast special I got french toast, eggs, sausage, homefries, a small cup of oj,, bowl of cream of wheat, toast, and a small muffin and unlimited coffee for 13 bucks. Definitely share too...it's only a $3 extra charge and you can always get a second bowl of cream of wheat if you really like it and don't want to share with a friend. 
- Cash only, so come prepared. They do have an ATM inside if you need it."
LOVE this place. Wish I had found it sooner. It's better than the diners I've been to here. Great service and excellent food.
Great food and great outdoor patio. Food Comes with OJ, fruit or cream of wheat. Cream of wheat is amazing. It's cash only - signs are not very visible. So bring cash.
The cream of wheat is perfect. The baked breads are endless. The prices are beyond reasonable. If the bathroom was bigger, I'd give them 5 stars.
"It's the best breakfast spot.
They offer coffee and cake as you wait.
I wonder if my heart got a clot.
Entering through their doors was fate.

Their cream of wheat warms me inside.
It was simply hearty deliciousness.
Their linguiça is bacon is so overrated certified.
Saying any bad word is sheer maliciousness."
"I drove by this place when I first moved to Cambridge, saw a huge crowd of people outside and thought ""MUST EAT THERE."" Flash forward a year later, and it still hadn't happened... (whoops, guess I procrastinate in all areas of life).

But today was the day. Today, I finally sat on a picnic bench, amidst some tacky (sorry...) statues of lions, shaded by the leaves of grape plants growing overhead. And we only had to wait 45 minutes! I was fully prepared to wait over an hour, so that was a pleasant surprise.

Normally I go to breakfast/brunch and I'm torn. The decision between sweet and savory is just awfully difficult for my indecisive brain. Pancakes or an omelet? I want both. Yet, I always end up making a decision, not wanting to pay for two breakfasts, and sadly one half (probably should look this up, I doubt this is factual) of my tongue is always a little disappointed.

BUT at Neighborhood, you can have both (and more!) for one (relatively) low price! For 13 bucks, I got a heaping bowl of cinnamon-sugar cream of wheat (too much to finish, but delicious), a small cup of orange juice (which hit the spot), unlimited coffee, a delicious crepe filled with nutella, strawberries, and blueberries, 2 eggs, potatoes, a thick slice of ham, along with toast and a muffin (to split with my dining companion). Uhm, could you ask for anything more? The answer is no. Really. By the end of the meal you won't want (or need) to eat for hours. 

Definitely worth the wait. Definitely worth the money. Just remember to bring the Benjamins (actually Andrew Jackson will probably suffice), it's cash only. Still kicking myself for taking so long to haul my ass over here."
"I'm so upset I've lived here for 5 years and haven't discovered this place until now! Went way back on Valentine's Day so they had kind of a ""special"" menu, I think. There was also about a 40 minute wait even at around 1:30p. You just write your name down on a sheet when you get there, so you never know exactly how long it'll be. Normally they serve up coffee and baked goods to people waiting outside but they forgot to refill this when we got there so we just waited hungry! But it was worth it.

This place really gives you quality AND quantity of food for what you pay. I ordered the coconut French toast (may be a rotating menu item), which came with cream of wheat (or a choice of something else but I can't even remember because the cream of wheat was so delicious) and a bunch of gratuitous baked goods for ~$12. I had lots of leftovers. There are also lots of fun omelettes and Portuguese dishes that seemed worth trying.

If you're in the area and it's a weekday, I would definitely go. If you're in the area and a weekend, just be prepared for the wait. I would not come with a group larger than 4. The service itself was also a bit slow and the way they seated us was kind of awkward.

This place is also CASH-ONLY! We couldn't find a BOFA ATM around so come prepared!"
"Go for the cream of wheat. 
I only get breakfast food here- eggs, toast, pancakes. All so good.
However, the star of the show is the cream of wheat. 
I love coming here on a summer weekday, because there is no line, no wait and all but 2-3 other tables of people. Good for service, prob bad for tips. 
But goodness that cream of wheat. I can't even replicate it at home- and I've tried. 
P.S- the grapes hanging from the ceiling are real."
"One of my favorite places to eat in Boston.  Get there early in the morning, especially during the colder months, because space is very limited, and waits could reach upwards of an hour or more.  During the summer there is a greater turnover of seats outside in the patio, so it's not that big a deal.

For food, do yourself a favor and get the cream of wheat. I never liked the stuff before I tried it here - it's sweet buttery goodness will just melt on your tongue!  Basically, anything you order will probably be awesome and too much to eat in one sitting, so enjoy!

This place only gets 4 stars because their coffee is atrocious, and what's breakfast/brunch without a good cup of coffee, really? Do yourself a favor and stop at the Sherman Cafe or Bloc 11 before you get there.  Better yet, if there is a wait, put your name on the list and THEN go get coffee!"
"Open daily from 7am till 4pm! During the nice days you are able to sit outside in the patio area (huge), but during the not so nice days you have to sit inside. There is no choice. Be aware that there are long lines if you do not get here early.

The food is amazing. Everything is fresh, and the portions are huge. I loved their corned beef and hash with home fries, and cream of wheat. The cream of wheat is nothing like I have ever tasted, certainly not your mom's cream of wheat. They not only have all types of breakfast foods, but they also have a large lunch menu. There's something for everyone at the Neighborhood.

Somerville has plenty of parking so there really is not a problem. Although portions are huge you do pay for what you get. Sometimes I wish there was a kid portion so that I wouldn't over eat and it would be easier on the wallet."
"Yay! I'm a fan -- with one caveat. I went on a week day around 11 and the service was STILL bad. I really liked the free coffee and orange juice, but the waitress brought just one water glass for a table for two... a little awkward. She came by halfway through and did the ""how is the meal?"" routine, my friend said ""great"" I tried to say ""I would like water..."" but she was gone. I suppose I could have gone and chased her down, but decided it was more worth it to stay sitting with my coffee. 

Anyway, I ordered the first thing on the specials menu, the Belgian waffle with blackberries and whipped cream. Comes to the table, no blackberries. After some initial confusion about why I would want blackberries (language barrier?), the server brought me some in a special bowl. Okay... awesome. 

Why the four stars then? Because the food was GREAT! Quite seriously the best whipped cream I've ever had, spreadable butter, delicious Belgian waffles, plus little extras like the coffee, orange juice, fruit beforehand, surprise extra food with the meal -- great for if you don't plan on eating for the rest of the day... or week! The atmosphere is also perfect for a warm morning this summer. They grow grape vines on this trellis roof which provides both shade and ""summery"" ambiance. Highly recommended for the food and the prices, but be prepared for inconsistent service."
The best breakfast spot! Plan to wait in line for a bit on the weekends because they do fill up. The baked apple is delicious that they start you off with. I love the Spanish omelette here as well as the French toast! Service is fast and food is always great
I was with my dad walking around Union Square Square and it was a Sunday at around 10:00 am which is prime Sunday breakfast time, we saw this huge line so we went to check out what all the fuss was. It a line to go to The Neighborhood Resturant so we decided to go try breakfast there because we weren't in a hurry. I advise you to be ready to wait 30-40 minutes just for a reservation of two. We walked up to the front and signed our names on the notepad they had outside and one by one they called people when someone left until it was our turn, we where seated and given a choice of either a baked apple or cream of wheat. We chose the cream of wheat with had some cinnamon on the top which was the best thing I have ever had in my life. We ordered some toast, home fries, eggs, and some bacon which was also delicious. I would have given this restaurant 5 stars however the space was too small outside and you would have to go down to the kitchen if you had to use the bathroom which was awkward however all-around this place was awesome and would highly recommend it if you are ready to wait. You also can only pay in cash however they do have atm so you don't have to worry.
"Neighborhood is a great choice for breakfast!  It's packed and bustling, and you are definitely smushed up against other diners at tables that are about 6 inches apart.  But the food is completely worth it.  And you get so much for so cheap!  

For about $8 you get coffee, a small OJ, your breakfast entree, homefries, and your choice of cream of wheat or fruit.  And the fruit isn't just a pile of drab looking honeydew and cantaloupe.  Last time I went it was a baked apple.  Yum!

I highly recommend the french toast made on Portuguese sweet bread...it's heavenly.  You get three, giant, thick slices, so there is plenty to take home.  The basket of bread that comes with egg dishes is delicious too, including the standard toast, but also other Portuguese bready treats.

Service is super nice and very efficient.  There's great patio seating during the summer in this arbor-like area with cute umbrellas.  Overall this place rocks, and successfully fulfills my delicious breakfast needs."
"Any place that has a wait out front on the sidewalk usually indicates you want to eat there. That is certainly the case with The Neighborhood Restaurant and Bakery.

Like the name, the establishment (or at least the back patio) is unassuming and homesque. We came around 10a and promptly milled around with the few other guests waiting on the sidewalk. As a few more people came up and wrote their name on a list we realized the hostess was just a seater and not a name taker. We squeezed our name onto the list (we were not losing our space in the queue) and whew...crisis averted! While we milled I took it upon myself to explore the cart for coffee cups and enjoyed a cup o' joe while waiting for our turn. The coffee was great, the weather phenomenal and no one was in a hurry while we waited for the packed patio to open up. 

Once it was our turn to be seated we were lead to the back of the patio. As you look up you can see grapes growing across the top of the entire patio casting the perfect shadow over the patio, allowing light to stream through the vines. 

The service was impeccable. As we milled and sat we joked that everyone who works there must be on PEDs. Everyone is ripped, including the women. Despite the muscles and seemingly ripe picking grounds for MMA fighters, everyone was extremely nice and helpful. Being a vegetarian who does not touch eggs, at all, there were very accommodating. I ordered the Belgian Waffle with granola, strawberries and cream. It came with egg whites scrambled w/ goat cheese and tomatoes. All meals also come with Cream of Wheat or fruit. My brunch mates ordered a variety of meat friendly dishes. 

The huge portions came out promptly and almost everything came at the same time. My tomatoes and cheese came a bit late and was not very good (you could tell the tomatoes were of the poor, factory produced variety) but that is my only complaint. We each paid around $12 for our meals and could easily have turned each one into two separate fares. 
All in all, I would go back in a heartbeat. There are no separate checks and it is a cash only joint but don't let that deter you. With good food, attentive service, and phenomenal people watching you can't ask for much more in a breakfast joint.

I hear the bathrooms look sweet too."
Can I live here? Sitting under the canopy on a warm spring or summer day is blissful. The fruit and spritzers and so fresh and almost every breakfast brunch item I've tried is delicious. The Neighborhood is a true Somerville treasure.
massive specials at great value for under $20, gorgeous patio seating, and i always leave here feeling full and happy. a somerville treasure
Forgot to post from last week, loved this place. Very packed in the morning but great place to bring the family, my baby girl absolutely loved the cream of wheat:)
"By far the best breakfast place in the Boston and Greater Boston area. I've yet to have anything bad and they're always coming up with new items. The atmosphere is the best part for me. Sitting under the grapevine outside drinking coffee enjoying the weather. It doesn't get better than ""Neighborhood"". The servers are amazing and the owner is awesome. Take my word and go give this place a try. You won't be disappointed."
Was in the neighborhood and came in after seeing the great yelp reviews. Saw that there was a free coffee for checking in, which sealed the deal. I got a spinach and feta croissant, which was as delicious as it sounded. Mentioned the free coffee, and they ground the beans and brewed a fresh pot of decaf for me. I almost felt guilty for taking advantage of the free coffee (and making them go through that after ordering such a small food item), but the staff were utterly love. If I'm back in the neighborhood, will definitely return.
I love the neighborhood restaurant. They definitely make the best breakfast food. My favorite meal to order is the waffle, as it is always delicious. It is a great place to come in the summer since they have outside seating and grow their own grapes.
"Weekend brunch is the way to go!  Tons and tons of food.  Everything comes with toast, OJ, coffee, a Portuguese cheesy pastry thing, and cream of wheat or fresh fruit.

I had never had cream of wheat prior to trying it at The Neighborhood, and that's now one of the reasons I go back there.  (Went once late in the day when they were out of cream of wheat, so my friends and I all got fresh fruit instead.  We must have looked pretty disappointed because later in the meal, they decided to make more cream of wheat, and they gave us some!)

Recommend going on Saturday instead of Sunday if you don't want to have to wait.  (But it's worth the wait!)"
"I heart the neighborhood restaurant.  I bring my tourist friends here all the time.  It the most down to earth, honest to goodness, f you if you don't like what we do breakfast place in the city.  Huge portions, great specials.

Not a ""foody"" place to go, but if you want your mama's western omlette and a giant stack of pancakes, go here."
"I've heard so much about this place from so many different people. Every time, the general reaction was the same, ""omg this place is amazing!"" ""the cream of wheat is to die for!"". However, I don't know....it just didn't meet my expectations. I mean, don't get me wrong, the place is great for what it is. Bottomless coffee (plus free coffee while you wait), small glass of OJ, buttered toast, corn muffin, on top what of you ordered, that amount of food was amazingly surreal. Everyone at my table all took away a to-go box because of the large amount of food. But was the food life changing? Did the cream of wheat transform my life? Eh. not so much. 

Thankfully the weather was beautiful outside, so the 50 minute wait during prime time weekend brunch hours passed by very quickly. Not sure I would wait in line that long again for the same experience. 

If you come during the weekend, expect a long wait. No one will be there to take your name. Just write your name and number of people on a piece of paper outside the front door. Also, cash only!"
"I frequently find myself daydreaming of Neighborhood's ethereal Cream of Wheat whenever I am out for brunch or simply eating oatmeal in my living room. Since moving to NY nine months ago, this magical bowl of joy is one of the Boston foodstuffs that I find myself longing for on a regular basis.

""Life changing"" does not do this dish justice. 

Therefore, I've decided the only way to express my infatuation with this dish is through a romantic poem*.


""Cream of Wheat""

cream of wheat
you can't be beat
you are so neat
like my best friend Pete

sweet like bear meat
served on the street
you make me want to Tweet
even in the summer heat

it's a real treat
eating you on outdoor seats
you make me want to skeet
on the cold concrete.

I love you Cream of Wheat.


*Please note: I nearly failed my undergrad poetry class."
"Lets lead off with the menu if you want to take a gander. Then we can move onto my opinions: http://theneighborhoodrestaurant.com/our-menu/

The Neighborhood Bar definitely does some things right, and some things less so right. Lets start with the good stuff.

It popularity is much larger than its seating area, so you can reasonably expect to wait a long time if you want to eat there any time close to dining hours. It is popular for a reason though. For starters, the service staff is just the right amount of friendly. They are helpful and attentive without being fake about it. They seem to be treated well, and extend those good feelings onto you as customers. Go, team.

So then they start their breakfast combos with an choice of appetizer:  baked apple or cream of wheat. You can play it safe with the baked apple, but both are excellent choices that will appeal to every one. The apple is clearly marinated in some kind of syrup and baked until it is a soft, delicious meal starter. They may serve it room temperature on purpose, so dismiss any notions of warm apple pie, but it was still a good eat.

The cream of wheat was the better option though. This is not the cream of wheat your grandpa used to eat. It is sweet, buttery and absolutely delicious. It alone is worth the trip.

So lets talk about what issues I had. My biggest issue is that the dining room is extremely small. The place is usually pretty full, so you can expect to wait in line outdoors if you want to eat here. That is not so bad when the weather is nice, but can be pretty unpleasant if you are underdressed to stand outside for long periods.

The weather also becomes an issues at the tables closest to the door. I came by on a particularly cold day, so every entry and exit brought a blast of cold air to my table. You also become painfully aware of how polite people are when they hold doors open for each other, because they just flood the room with that wintry air while the other person moseys on through. I kept my coat on through the entire meal. Once again, it is not a problem until the weather gets really cold.

I ordered french toast and an omelette with linguica. French toast is how I typically get an apples to apples comparison between breakfast at different joints, and I will say that this french toast was underwhelming and forgettable. The syrup and butter was nice enough, but not enough.

However the linguica (sausage, for the rest of us) was flipping delicious. The omelette was strongly flavorful, sweet, and the best part of my meal.

So I had some issues with my visit to Neighborhood Restaurant and not every menu item is an automatic hit, but what is good there is quite good. Once you know what is worth ordering it is likely worth making it a regular spot for you and your pals. Just be sure to avoid the lines by going during the off hours."
"I'm still full.

I went here for breakfast yesterday, and I was totally overwhelmed by the choices and the prices. I ordered some breakfast plate that consisted of your traditional fixtures: eggs, home fries, a breakfast meat, a giant belgian waffle covered in various fruits, orange juice, a side of fruit and coffee (I fucking H8 coffee, but thankz for the effort.) $10.95?! FUCK! That's cheaper than making it myself!

I also had a huge mimosa that was was slightly under $5, and it was like someone poured a bottle of Andre in a bowl, threw an orange in it, and put it on my table.

I'll admit it, I was slightly aroused when I left ... Best breakfast in 4evzZz!

!"
"I honestly don't understand why this place is rated so high. Yes the food is good. Yes you can eat under a grapevine setting and feel like you are in an exotic place while in the middle somerville. But in the end, the quality of service is not that great. 

First of all you have to be on a waiting list for a long long time. They usually run out of food and they don't make up for giving you the same portions as people who come earlier. That is just messed up.

Secondly the food isn't that great. I mean some of the stuff I can make to be honest. And you don't get that much food. Their specials are good, but it takes a long time to decipher what you are getting and the servers are not good in explaining. That's what happens when you come to a place that is reviewed by many bandwagoners. 

Id say definitely try it out for yourself, but this is just my opinion of the place."
Cute little breakfast spot. My husband and I stopped in as we were driving through. It was very clean and all the baked goods looked amazing. I ordered the Union Square omelet. It actually came about 5 minutes after my husband's meal did. It was very good but take note that there are green peppers in there which the menu didn't advertise. Luckily I like them, so it was okay. The steak fries were good but they were cold, as well as my toast. The bread they used for the toast wells very fresh. I would guess that it was made there. My husband ordered an item off the menu (can't remember the name) that included corn bread, eggs, bacon cheddar fries and two meats. They brought it with only sausage and when we said it was missing the bacon, the waiter said he was sorry and would go get it. About 15 minutes later, we were ready to leave and they still didn't bring it. They were confused when we brought it to their attention but then they brought it to us to go. His meal was very good as well even though his fries were also cold. The staff were all very friendly and although our order got slightly messed up, we still enjoyed our breakfast and atmosphere there.
I came here with two friends on a Saturday morning for brunch.  The wait was about 20-30 min and there was a bit of line waiting.  They had coffee and bread for those waiting to be seated which was a nice treat.  The menu was very extensive and was a bit overwhelming.  I ended up getting the avocado benedict and it was so filling and delicious.  I was in a serious food coma afterwards.  The service was pretty average; they took a while to get me my water.  My friends really enjoyed their crabcake benedict and french toast made with sweet bread.  This spot is cash only, but they do have ATM in house.  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to grab brunch in the area!
"Before moving to Cambridge I used to get up early in the morning, catch the C-line to Cleveland Circle where I would then catch the 86 bus to Union Square. Why, one might very legitimately ask, would anyone willingly get up early on a Sunday morning to take a nearly hour-long trip to Somerville? The answer is Neighborhood Restaurant. 

I now live within walking distance of this wonderful Portuguese breakfast spot so there's no need to spend the bus fare or get up quite so early. What is so special about this restaurant? It's all in the food. Arrive early on the weekends or you'll be spending most of your time waiting on the sidewalk. There are no reservations and there is no hostess waiting at a greeting desk. You simply walk up to the front door and sign in your name on a sheet of paper, grab a cup of complimentary coffee and a pastry and wait your turn. Once inside the tiny restaurant (or the outdoor grapevine covered patio open only in summer) you will be faced with the daunting task of choosing your breakfast. You can't go wrong with any of the standards, although I usually opt for one of the specials (Belgium waffles with strawberries and whipped cream or lox eggs benedict.) Be forewarned, a seemingly harmless order such as pancakes comes with what looks like a second breakfast. All meals are served with fresh unlimited coffee or tea, fresh squeezed orange juice, a choice of fruit or hot cereal, homemade pastries, breads, and some of the best homefries I've had in Boston. Depending on what you order, this is often accompanied by some delicious tasting sausage and two eggs. Then you'll get your pancakes.

Don't expect anything less than a no-nonsense welcome from this family run business. Neighborhood is not the place to dawdle and read the paper, someone will be ready to take your order as soon as you sit down. That being said, you will feel as though you are having breakfast at a family home. The food is filling, homecooked and amazingly good. The atmosphere is warm and friendly despite the hustle and bustle of the Sunday morning brunch crowd. Good food, good crowd, good times. You can't get more neighborly than that."
"I will cut to the chase and say: it's as good as everyone claims!  There's usually a wait, but it's worth it.  You can take your time to browse the menu (especially on a nice day) AND the staff puts out iced tea, water, muffins and other pastries for you to enjoy while you wait. 

The cream of wheat appetizer is SO GOOD. I would consider it as my meal alone (but I'd need more!). I love that the menu offers healthy options as well as plenty of unhealthy ones, of course. I also really love that most dishes pair a savory and sweet item so you never have to make the tough choice between sweet pancakes or french toast and eggs and homefries. 

Patio is beautiful, staff is efficient - I've never been to a breakfast place that's so great about refills on your beverages!  Really good value, too (bevs like coffee, oj, iced tea, cocoa are unlimited and all breakfasts come with toast/muffins as well as the app).

NOM.

One tip: beware the bathroom!  It's clean enough, but it's down in the ""grotto"" aka kitchen. You might have to wait and watch the cooks while you're there. And be sure to duck to enter."
"I actually found this place on Yelp from my friends, and I want other people to find it this way too. I cannot express how AMAZING this place is. I don't know if it's the funky colors or the aluminum chairs that I had in my high school, but I always love eating here. It's the perfect place to go after a nice night on the town, especially if you have a hangover. First off, you get bottomless coffee and a nice cup of OJ. Almost every meal is served with Cream of wheat or fruit (I've had both, and they're both DE-LIC-OUS, so it's your choice. Note however, that I have never had such amazing Cream of Wheat anywhere else), and I always substitute Linguiça in on my meals. My friends usually get the coconut french toast, but honestly, anything you get here is going to be good.

Also, if you have the option, you should definitely sit outside under the grapevines. It's beautiful in the summer, and reminds me of my grandfather's own grapevine he had when I was a kid. Definitely brings out the Portuguese in me.

Oh, and you get some nice eye-candy too while eating. Look for the guy with muscles that are WAY too big for his shirt. You'll know when you see him. Ow ow!"
"Been there for breakfast with my girlfriend. They served me their Cream of wheats...

Wow it's good!

Nice local place that I would return anytime!"
"This may be the best place to have brunch in the summer or spring.  I love the outdoor patio.  Love the grape vines.  Love the triple berry whole wheat pancakes and the veggie omelet that I had.

And it was sooo inexpensive.  A great way to start off a lazy, sunny Sunday morning."
Bei den ganzen Baustellen war es zwar ein Drama hierher zufinden, es hat sich aber gelohnt. Sehr leckeres Frühstück und vor allem sehr sehr seeeehr viel. Da bestellst Du einfach Pancakes und bekommst dazu Kartoffeln, Fruchtsalat, Kaffee, Osaft und Wasser dazu. Uff. Und Kaffee mit Refill, für mich als Kaffeejunkie das Paradies. Und alles megalecker. Aber wer was kleines will, wird hier viel liegen lassen. Esst hier für einen langen Tag, denn das Essen hält für ne Weile.
"I think The Neighborhood is the perfect brunch place.  Their brunch is simply amazing.  It's definitely not fancy, but the food hits the spot, and the prices are great.  The name is also perfect.  It's a great neighborhood place for brunch, run by a Portugese family from the area.  

I love the cream of wheat (even though it makes it nearly impossible to eat all of your meal), the great selection of fruit juices, the bottomless cup of coffee, and pretty much all of the egg dishes, the pancake dishes, the waffle dishes, and the french toast dishes, as well as the meat sides, especially the linguica, a Portugese sausage.  

The pancakes/waffles/french toast served with fruit filling or fruit on top are always good.  The steak and eggs and lobster omelette are awesome, although seriously filling.  Don't order a combo special if you aren't hungry; there's no way you'll be able to eat it all.

I usually only go when the outside patio under the grapevine arbor is open during the summer.  The food is the same inside, but it's a bit cramped and really just not the same.  I also only go for brunch, so I don't know about other meals.  

I would say the service has personality, which is a bit of an old Boston/Cambridge/Somerville specialty, and I've actually come to appreciate it.  It's down-to-earth and fun and less antiseptic.  It's sort of a window on a different time and place, before the gentrification of the area.  After all, it is still Somerville, not the South End.

The only other notes are that they do usually have a line in the summer, so make yourself a cup of coffee from the pot by the sign-in sheet for the waiting list and catch up with your friends (or bring the paper).  Also, at some point in the summer they get a few bees visiting the grapes, so if you are seriously allergic, you might be a little nervous sitting there."
"I am a traveling consultant and have been in Boston since January. I am from the south and have been in the search of grits. Apparently they are rare in Boston so when I heard about this place that has the best cream of wheat, I figured I would give it a try. Never had cream of wheat a day in my life and I must say "" I took two of them to go "". This is a small family restaurant and it quite cozy .They make everything fresh , down to the corn beef hash and bread. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Cash only payments (atm on site). I will definitely visit this place again."
"I've been here several times now and can't stress enough, what makes this place special is their CREAM OF WHEAT!!

You can get either a side of fruit or a side of cream of wheat with any of the gigantic breakfasts on the menu. The cream of wheat tastes pretty much like sweet, buttery batter and it's to die for. Surprisingly, my dining partner opted for the fruit last time we were there but they actually brought out this rich, sugary/buttery baked apple which was also delicious!

Overall however, their food isn't particularly delicious or anything- I just keep coming back because I miss the cream of wheat and it's also just a fun breakfast spot in general because they bring out huge portions and their bread plates come with cornbread to top it off. I recommend trying this place but make sure to try that cream of wheat when you're there!"
"If this business ever moves out of Somerville and into Boston or Medford, locals will complain ""there goes the Neighborhood."" This little cafe is responsible for that song about Sweater Weather and the other one which goes ""when I wake up I'm afraid somebody else might take my place."" Which sounds a little paranoid to me.

What to get: Cream Of Wheat OMG
What else: CREAM OF WHEAT OMG JUST GET IT

Speaking of paranoid, I was paranoid when I came to The Neighborhood, because Cream Of Wheat sounds awful. At best, I thought I might like it but not love it.

I ordered ""Creamed Corn"" accidentally and everyone here, including the girl I was with, looked at me like I was a deranged psychopath holding an AK. Well, I am a deranged psychopath, but I didn't have my AK with me on this particular day, so the looks were a little over the top. But anyway.

They corrected me, and brought out the COW (Cream Of Wheat to those who aren't farmers), and it's literally one of the most unexpectedly delightful things I've ever tasted! So I've now been back twice more this year alone for COW. I suppose next time I go I shall sit down and have a proper meal, but this place is famous for their COW (much like Chick Fil-A, that one is for you Tom), and I can see why. Or rather, I can taste why.

Added bonus, they served me one time after closing. Service is always lovely, and the COW is so cheap, you'll be tempted to buy the whole farm. Six stars.

When I wake up, I'm afraid somebody else might take my cream of wheat. It's especially good during those times of the year when you have to put your hands in the holes of your boyfriend's sweater.

But don't go into the Neighborhood wearing a Neighborhoodie because someone might accidentally shoot you thinking accidentally that you are a criminal and then accidentally have all charges dropped particularly if it's accidentally a police officer who shoots you. But I digress. GET THE CREAM OF WHEAT. Over. And. Out.

Cow."
"What can I say what can say.......
It's a fantastic breakfast spot!
This past weekend I was in search of something of a different craving and I recalled a long time ago an ex introduced me to a place that I could never forget because of the oatmeal I tasted there was the best my lips have had the honor to meet. 
So when I arrived it was jammed packed and after waiting for about twenty minutes after placing my name on the list I decided to go for the take out. Went over to the park on Mystic Ave and Broadway and slowly enjoyed my Mushroom, Spinach and Feta Cheese  OMELLETTE, UMMMMMM AMAZING! And the oatmeal was actually cream of wheat and it was just as stupendous the second time around."
"If you're looking to a healthy breakfast, this is not for you. They have healthy menu options, but they are nothing exceptional.

However, their standard menu is huge, great value, portions are huge. I had to take half of my breakfast home and had it for breakfast the next day. It was still pretty good. The cream of wheat is amazing. 
The wait line at 11:30 runs for like 40-50 mins, so be prepared to kill time."
First of all, the cream of wheat is amazing! I always get the meat trio and my wife gets the French toast. The portions are large. Just plan on getting there early for a seat because you might have to wait. It's definitely worth the wait!
"4 stars for the value of this place alone.  I've been for brunch and most recently, I tried their dinner.  Dinner here is a VERY limited menu.  I had the paella.  It wasn't the best paella I've ever had, but I can't complain considering I paid 15 bucks for a glass of sangria, a salad, bread, paella, two sides, and flan.  We didn't end up taking the free flan at the end since we were so ridiculously full after all of the other unexpected food that came with our meal.

We were one of the only two parties in the entire place.  I don't think their dinner is very well known... I believe they only have it on Thursday and Friday nights.  The service was good, and the 2 dollar huge glass of sangria was even better.

There was only one vegetarian option for my friend (cheese ravioli) which isn't really a specialty at a Portuguese restaurant, but it was still fairly good."
I love this place for breakfast, food is delicious and service is quick.  Of course my fav. is the Cream of Wheat.  I'm a grits girl but you can't pass up the COW at this place.  The breads, coffee and food is just plain good.
Edited because: looks like they no longer serve dinner here!  Hooray, now it's perfect again!
"This is one of my favorite breakfast places in Boston. The cream of wheat is magical and the service is fantastic and all at a price you can't beat!

I go here once a week and I am always satisfied with more declicious food then I can eat."
"Holy sweet . . . cream of wheat????

How can anyone get excited about cream of wheat? Then you taste the sweet, creamy cream of wheat heavily laced with cinnamon, and you wonder how anyone CANNOT get excited about this cream of wheat. A couple hours after leaving The Neighborhood Restaurant, I was dreaming about the cream of wheat. It's dinner time now and all I want is a big bowl of that cream of wheat. 

The rest of the brunch menu was no slouch either. I went with my mom and little sister. We ordered a Portuguese breakfast (2 eggs, codcake, shrimpcake, Portuguese sausage, different kind of sausage, rice and red beans, and home fries) and Coconut & strawberry French toast, which also came with 3 eggs, home fries, and 2 sausages. Each platter was $13.95. There's a $3 charge to share, which is totally reasonable because every person gets a bowl of cream of wheat (get it) or fruit salad, all you can drink coffee, a small glass of orange juice, and a basket of bread. 

There are big portions and there are GIGANTIC portions. These are GIGANTIC portions. Each platter can serve 2 people with normal appetites. Come here STARVING. 

The food is simple, good, hearty, stick to your ribs fare. Honestly made, with no fancy frills. Great service. The wait staff was always over to check up on us. 4 stars for the food and an extra star for the service, huge portions, great value, and the most incredible cream of wheat in the world.

If they served nothing but cream of wheat, I would come here for that alone."
"Despite having lived in the Somerville area for many years, I recently only visited the Neighborhood for the very first time.  There's a lot of things to like about this place - menu choices, portions, price.  Maybe I'm just not as into greasy breakfast fare as I used to be?  I have to say it wasn't as good as I had hoped for.

For one, there seemed to be only two beverages available (orange juice and hot coffee), neither one of which is my favorite.  I tried unsuccessfully to get a glass of water before sucking it up and drinking the OJ.

The tables are very cramped - maybe it's a testament to how much food they give you, but there wasn't room on the table for everything they brought out.  I went with the French toast, which was soggy in the middle.  It came with more bacon than I could hope to eat in a week, and some ""nothing to write home about"" fries.  By the time I was feeling full, I realized that I hadn't even eaten half of what as on my plate.  

I'll give this joint another shot when the outdoor seating area opens up, but next time I want greasy breakfast food I'll probably head for the Friendly Toast or Ball Square Cafe."
"The Neighborhood has an extensive menu that includes a lot of Portuguese food. I've never had a meal there that wasn't delicious and filling. The prices are a bit higher than you'd expect ($10.99-$13.99) but you do get a LOT of food. That includes OJ, fruit or cream of wheat and a basket of muffins. The cream of wheat they make here is just like my grandma's. Try it!!

The weekend Fisherman breakfast special is the best. The wait on the weekends is not. Come early, meet new people in line and make the best of it. The waitresses get people in and out pretty quickly, so the line moves. The system is fair - they won't seat groups until everyone is present. And they have water and muffins outside for people waiting. In the winter months, they offer coffee and hot cocoa."
"Can understand the appeal, good stuff. Filling cream of wheat. 

Not going to rush back, but might be curious to try further."
"A great perfect neighborhood joint for breakfast. We came here and order the omelets  two days in a row during a weekday and this place was always pretty packed. The prices are reasonable and the ingredients fresh. I heard that the owners are Brazilian and they use Brazilian coffee. 

Anyways, this is a must stop if you are in the area. Come hungry because the portions are generous."
I'm hesitant to give Neighborhood positive reviews because I don't want more people to find out about it. This is great food, and even better people.  The cream of wheat is amazing, don't waste your time ordering the fruit option.  Love it here.  Worth the wait.  Would recommend going in the summer so you can enjoy the patio.
"See Lisa E's well scribed review please. The 40 minute wait for a table, on a stoop  in the warm morning sun, sipping coffee, snacking on corn bread and shooting the breeze was well worth it! 
 While she had the baked apple, I thought I would try the cream of wheat. While her apple was delicious (thanks for always sharing), the cream of wheat must have been made with some kind of magic. It was all at once creamy buttery cinnamony sweet satisfying and soothing. For main, I had the ample crab cake bennie, a frequent menu special. 2 nice sized meaty cakes, topped with poached egg and hollandaise with as requested well done hash browns. Each individual item perfectly cooked, tasty on their own, but over-the-top when all coming together in one bite."
Portugest breakfast!!!  Meat, Meat, Meat, and more Meat...  I love this place, there are lots of fond memories hanging out all night in Boston and waking up to go get breakfast at the neighborhood.  Sitting outside sipping my coffee (back in the day when I still drank it).  Nothing better than a crisp fall morning, getting up with your paper and going to the neighborhood for breakfast with your beau.  Brings back some great memories.  My fav breakfast was the pork chop.  No I am not 300 lbs, I am actually pretty think for the amount of food I eat.
"It's true, sometimes I cheat on Johnny D's!  Shhh...

The first reason being, it's in my neighborhood.  I suppose they do not call it The Neighborhood Restaurant for nothing.  I think my favorite thing is the sign, ""If you're in a hurry, this is not the place for you!""  If only Johnny D's had the balls to be so outrightly, ""Yeah, I said it!""  (with a little neck and lop-sided smirk action).  It's true they take their time, but I find they're worth it.   This can be an hour to a whole morning affair.  You wait to seat, you wait to order, you wait and wait to eat, you wait to pay.  Luckily, as a Taurus, I not only love to eat, I am quite patient and will therefore wait forever for the right breakfast.

It's true what they say about the portions.  If I eat here, I'm generally good for the day, and have leftovers for the next!  Every breakfast seems to come with a plate of toast and pastries, coffee (or tea), OJ, and fruit or cream of wheat.  They will ask you, ""Fruit or hot cereal?""  You say, ""Hot cereal!""  

Before you know it they're bringing out clouds from heaven in a bowl sprinkled with cinnamon!  OMG!!!  (It also ties you over for the relatively long wait for the meal.)  This works well, I am quite grumpy when I'm hungry.   It ties me over perfectly while I do that whole necessary ""chatting"" thing with whomever I tricked into joining me for pure gluttony!  Though I have pigged out here alone, for some reason it is more socially acceptable to do it in front of someone, go figure!

I have thoroughly enjoyed both the outside, and the inside.  Outside, the shaded area is perfect for nice weather.  It is more spread out, and you can help yourself to water.  Yes I worry about the bug factor too but for Cream of Heavenly Wheat's sake people!?!  Every upside has its down, right?  

Inside is tight, packed, crowded, small, clauterphobic even; most especially when they have the most awful morning music you could ever try to wake up to, much less digest during.  I swear it is to get you out of there before you begin that latter process.  This is also fine with me, a place has got to make money right?  How they do so for those prices, that much food, and that small amount of space is beyond me!?!    The breakfast gods smile broadly on these folks!

I generally always meet the people sitting next to me in the midst of sharing condiments.  I realize this can be awkward for some, but I'm just weird enough to like that part of the experience.  

I never have enough toast, but they happily bring me more!  Their corned beeh hash is homemade!!!  Their homefries are cooked with onions (and sometimes I catch a pepper or two in there)!!!  AND holy-freakin'-cow, I am IN LOVE with their Coconut French Toast, dipped in coconut milk before being grilled and then topped with shredded coconut!!!  I've heard they make thier own syrup.  I know they make thier own whip cream.  Hold on, my mouth is watering, I have to go change the above from 4 to 5 stars...

Okay, I'm back.  I originally had four stars for a few, now seemingly minor, reasons.  The wait has been mentioned.  They're busy people, I can see they're working hard, and there are definitely more than a few in their staff who have thier groove on more than Stella ever did - either before or after meeting a hot young stud!  (There's a less than pleasing server in every crowd, this is restaurant destiny.)  The music kills me and I always hate waiting to pay in particular.  Many of these things you accept being a professional eater-outer (keep it clean, like the plate club kids)...  

The wait is hard to find out about.  Basically, there's a clip board you write your own name and party number on.  You are on your own guessing, Hmm... 3 parties of 4 before me, a party of 6, and several 2's... look inside, there's a few people who look like they're gonna leave, oh wait no, they just got their food...  Who's this party of two that wasn't before me last time I looked!?!  Darn, somehow they didn't see my name on the list, or is Tina*, party of two, a liar and cutter!?!  I guess that's not their fault...

*Name has been changed to protect their lack of integrity."
"I love this place.  If you don't like crowds try going on a weekday morning, much much easier to get seating.  If you don't mind waiting on the weekend it's a pretty eclectic crowd and can be kind of fun to chat with others who've been up all night or who've  just woken up.  

The outside seating in the summer is beautiful and great for just kicking back and enjoying some OJ and coffee.

The cream of wheat is out of this world.  Without a doubt the best I have ever had.  It's worth going to Neighborhood for that alone.  I've had friends try to replicate it, but no one comes close enough.

The rest of the food is delicious, and I definitely recommend the Coconut French Toast (Holy damn is it awesome! )and the variety of Portuguese breakfasts.  Waiters and waitresses are friendly at this family owned joint. Best breakfast place in the Cambridge/Somerville area."
AMAZING!!!!!!!! GO HERE!!!!! The outside patio rocks. Coffee is so so. Where they shine is the cream of wheat and I also love the home fries.
"The best breakfast joint in Somerville - hands down.  This quaint little Portuguese-American restaurant/bakery has been my absolute favorite breakfast stop since I first discovered it about 2 years ago.

Every breakfast comes with your choice of cream of wheat or fruit (as well as homemade toast/popovers, a small juice, and coffee).  Honestly, if you're not hungry as all get out, don't eat here - ...  While the fruit changes frequently (occasionally a poached apple, fruit salad, etc), the home made cream of wheat is reminiscent of the ""old country"" - topped with cinnamon, it has that slow-cooked grandma feel with the essence of lemon - to die for.  Do be careful tough, as Josh K points out, it's easy to fill up on it.

Before I go any further, let me address one of the staples of breakfast joints: the coffee.  The coffee at ""The Neighborhood"" is nothing more than absolute and total crap.  Every once in a while, you get lucky and it's tolerable - but the coffee really is that bad (and probably the only thing that's keeping it from a 5-star review).  Do yourself a favor, and hit up Bloc 11 four doors down either before or after for a good cup of coffee (they make a hell of a sammich too, look for another review soon) - I've never been ballsy enough to bring in my own coffee, but I see folks do it all the time and no one seems to complain.  I will say that the rancid coffee actually gives this place a little bit of charm (am I insane?)

The menu is numbered - your classic breakfasts being on the lower end (numbers under 30) - while the handwritten menu insert(s) with the ""specials"" have higher numbers, higher prices, higher quality, and bigger portions.  My only question is what happened to numbers 40-90????

If you're going to order a special, lay off the cream of wheat (unless you've never had it)... guaranteed, the largest $11 breakfast plate you'll ever see (provided you count all that comes with it) ... If you haven't been stranded on an island for 11 days, or you weigh less than 200 lbs, I would suggest bringing a friend - agreeing on  one special, then getting a smaller breakfast ... even then, you're leaving no less than a full meal uneaten.

Great ham, chorizo, pancakes and or waffles (with fruit, don't eff around), legendary toast, and they really know how to poach an egg.

If you're going on a weekend, try to get there before 9AM - otherwise you WILL be waiting in line for a table - however, it is easier in the warmer months when the outdoor patio seating is open.  Get your coffee elsewhere, but for $25 for 2 (including tax and tip) - expect to be able to feed 6 Europeans or no fewer than 3 hungry lumberjacks.  Food coma guaranteed."
"Mmmmmm, what can I say that hasn't been said by hundreds of other brunchers? Maybe not much...

Seems like no matter what time you get here, there's going to be a line. There is a list outside to write your own name down on--don't be one of the goons who stands around waiting for a hostess to pay attention to them for twenty minutes. There's coffee and pastry to keep you munching while you wait, and trust, it is so worth the wait.

Virtually all of the meals come with complimentary o.j., coffee, plate of pastry, your choice of cream of wheat OR baked apple in winter/fruit plate in summer. Go with the baked apple in the winter, cream of wheat in the summer. Better yet, go with a group so you can have it all! Most of the plates come with either rice and beans or homefries; the homefries are good, but how often do you get rice and beans with breakfast? The answer, of course, is not often enough. I always sub for rice and beans, and the wait staff don't seem to mind. 

In the warm seasons, all seating is outside in their homegrown grape arbor at colorful picnic tables, complete with umbrellas. It's a lovely and unique way to dine out in Somerville, and it's pretty good for people-watching. Unfortunately, it's also harder to get a server's attention during this time of year, because they all seem to cluster by the kitchen entrance together.

During the winter months, all seating is indoors. The restaurant is decorated primarily with family photos and collages; this is a family-owned restaurant, and it's not hard to miss that when you're looking at prom pictures of your servers and chefs.

CASH ONLY, yo. There's an ATM inside. 

There's going to be a wait and there's no way around that, so don't go if you're going to get cranky about it."
"So, you're in Boston, clueless as to where to find that amazing little breakfast spot that is low-key, delicious, substantially filling, and affordable. You may want to take a short drive into Somerville for a meal that will meet all those criteria in The Neighborhood Restaurant.

The Neighborhood Restaurant is a cozy little breakfast and lunch eatery serving locals Portuguese-American cuisine for over 30 years, offering indoor and al fresco dining options. Their renown keeps them busy during the week but intensifies on the weekend (which requires understanding and patience in waiting to be seated and likewise being served). That being said, for an optimal experience at The Neighborhood Restaurant, consider dining early and indoors.

Breakfast patrons of The Neighborhood Restaurant are treated to several complimentary accompaniments: Your choice of bottomless coffee, tea, or hot chocolate followed by your choice of fresh fruit or cream of wheat, then a complimentary toast plate and orange juice. That's just for starters. Remember, you have yet to be served your meal!

Allow me to elaborate on a few of these complimentary items:
Coffee - I enjoy coffee, nay...I LOVE COFFEE! Having been a long time coffee and espresso aficionado, I can unequivocally claim that The Neighborhood Restaurant offers up a very solid cup that lacked bitterness and acidity. All in all, a very delightful complimentary coffee suitable consumption without cream or sugar.

Cream of Wheat - Ultimately, THIS is what brought me back the morning of my flight's departure! The Neighborhood Restaurant has their recipe down to a science and quite honestly, I have never been served such a tasty bowl of cream of wheat in my life!

Complimentary Toast Plate - Features a selection of fresh baked goods, namely different sliced breads and mini muffins in tandem with homemade jelly.

Sirloin Steak, Three Eggs, & Homefries ($10.99): 4.75/5
Sirloin Steak Medium Rare - Check
Three Eggs Over Easy - Check
What more could you ask for when your order arrives to your table perfectly prepared, just the way you requested? Aside from a small chunk of fat sitting at the end of my steak ordered, I had no complaints of this well seasoned steak. Even their homefries were not too salty and tender.

Strawberry, Banana, & Nutella Crepe ($9.49): 4.5/5
Another flawless execution for a dish easily gone awry. My compliments to The Neighborhood Restaurant's chefs for creating an ideal crepe batter that contained a perfect chew with a slight crispy perimeter and filled with sweet strawberries and bananas.

Spinach & Cheese Omelette, Homefries, & Toast ($9.49): 5/5
If you love spinach omelettes, this is one you surely do not want to miss! Packed generously with lightly wilted spinach and oozing with Monterey Jack cheese, this French fold omelette will satisfy your hunger and then some!

I'm an understanding individual that is sensitive to taxed food service wait staff and feel that in spite of the fact that The Neighborhood Restaurant is as bustling as it is, wait staff remains upbeat, friendly, and sensibly attentive.

The Neighborhood Restaurant is a CASH ONLY dining establishment equipped with an onsite ATM."
"This is one of my favorite breakfast places in boston for many reasons. But im going to keep this focused on the cream of wheat.

That's right. I said CREAM of wheat. That porridge wheat soup that has been considered for millennia to be the breakfast of simple people with unrefined tastes. Well listen up. This cream of wheat is literally the best cream of wheat I've ever had in my entire life. If I had a choice between this cream of wheat and any other breakfast item available on the menu of ANY OTHER breakfast place in boston, I would pick this. If you poured this cream of wheat into the cells of a prison in the midst of a prison riot, all would calm. Gandhi would have broken his fast for this cream of wheat. The queen of England would give up the throne for a second bite of this cream of wheat. And If there is one thing Palestine and Israel could agree on, it's that THIS CREAM OF WHEAT is the best damn cream of wheat that ever graced a bowl and spoon.
They should rename this cream of WHAT. Because whatever they put in this has made it so addicting that I want more if it and I JUST HAD IT. Or maybe they should call it SCREAM OF WHEAT because you can hear me blabbering about how good it is from two tables away with every spoonful. 

I don't really know what else to say about this other than you need to cancel all plans immediately and storm over to the neighborhood restaurant and get that sweet sweet thick savory nectar stat. Your happiness depends on it."
Really good value for breakfast, food was delicious. Each special comes with coffee, orange juice, cream of wheat or fruit (the day I went it was a baked apple), and a basket of toast for the table. Specials run about $13. Most of the specials include a waffle/pancake option and eggs, sausages and homefries. You can change to bacon for an extra $1. The place is pretty small, we went with a group of 5 and they only have 2 tables that fit a party that big. The wait was only about 30 minutes anyway, and that was on a Saturday around noon. Our table had the eggs benedict, pumpkin pancakes, coconut/ strawberry pancakes, and a waffle with fruit among other things. Everyone was very happy with their food and the experience. Service was friendly and efficient. Whipped cream was homemade, portion size was huge, no complaints. Would not hesitate to go again.
"The cream of wheat = wow so delicious! A must-try! Very smooth, thick and creamy, sweet but not overly so, and filling. You would feel almost already half full from that complimentary ""appetizer"" dish, so keep that in mind when you order more food... 

Crab cake eggs benedict was good, though not as good as Baltimore's crab cake eggs benedict. Tomato was an interesting addition to that dish. I would've preferred the crab cake without the tomato, but that's just my personal preference. 

The special Stuffed French toast (with strawberry) was not great... The strawberry jam tasted (and looked) very fake, but the whipped cream was great and fresh. Really, the highlight of that dish was that it came with SO MUCH other food: 2 eggs, a sausage patty, home fries, and several slices of toast."
This is one of my favorite breakfast places. In the spring, summer, and fall, when you can sit under the grape arbor and enjoy delicious food outdoors plus the bustle of Union Square - it couldn't be more perfect. In the winter and on rainy days you'll be seated inside, which is crowded, but worth the wait. Good service, excellent people-watching, and the nicest customers around. The food is fresh, hearty, and tasty. The cream of wheat is world-renown. Don't miss it!
Great Nando's experience here! The staff were all so nice and the food is so good. Highly recommend checking this place out.
legit my favorite place the staff is so nice and friendly and the empanadas are amazing,, im vegetarian so i alternate between the veggie, cheese and pizza cheese empanadas but I've heard the rest are all amazing too. they also have bomb alfajores and tres leches and flan and i love my country club soda! maybe it's not helping my diet that my family comes in pretty much every week but im fine wit that
Amazing empanadas, good sauce, good smoothies. Takes a long time because everything is fresh, call ahead to get pick up
"Love this place!

The empanadas were really good. I got the buffalo chicken and it was spicy and a great pocket. 

Pricing is good. You can get a ton of food. I think each empanada is 4-6 bucks but they're really big. 

I also have the mango juice which was made from scratch and really fresh. 

I love this place. Anytime I'm in the neighborhood I always stop by!"
"I'm in love. Who doesn't love empanadas. Little addicting pockets of meat and deliciousness. And Pikalo has tons and tons of options. I've never seen more than a few choices at any restaurant, but they have so many from Bolognese to Conch to your typical Beef/Cheese.

They really do live up to their slogan: ""big taste in one bite."" We ordered two: the chicken/corn and the shrimp/cheese. Oh my goodness, they're huge and come out piping hot. The pastry dough is flakey and buttery, and there's plenty of filling stuffed inside. It might not look like it since the breading is so puffed, but there is a lot! 

We also ordered a cubano to share because we didn't think the empanadas would be enough. We were wrong but made ourselves eat some anyways. It comes with seasoned potato wedges that can you dip in the mayo like sauces on the table. The cubano itself is also pretty good, and at $8.50 for a hearty sandwich it's a good deal! 

There's not a lot of seating (3 small tables) so you'll probably be better off getting your food to go if it's crowded. Regardless, you'll be getting a treat."
This place is a HIDDEN GEM. The empanadas are huge as well as the salad, and a steal for the quality food that you get. We moved out of JP but would come back just for Pikalo!!
Thank you to Yelp for helping me find Pikalo.  Pitaçon was really good.   Lots of shrimp in the empanada, plenty in fillings on the rest i ordered.  I think this place, first expression, has the best pasteles i have had. I think Pikalo is close to being a five star locale.  I would easily give it a four and a half star. Gracias to the kitchen staff!!!
What a deal! Delicious empanadas made to order (call ahead, they take 10-12 minutes.) The buffalo chicken is so good, and the guava cheese is my absolute favorite! The dough is perfectly flakey and delicious, and the filling goes right to the brim - you're certainly not paying for a pocket of air at Pikalo.
"The food is delicious I mustly order the fried plantain Sandwich sorry donT remember the name, the empanadas are amazing, nice and freshly friend witch  is a plussss!! The food is great and I would visit again. Keep the ggreat freshly food Pikalo! 
Amazing food"
I started coming down here with my husband for work. I walked by this place a few times & finally decided to try it. Now there empanadas are must have every time I come out. There very decently priced, authentic, and there big and delicious! If your in the area they're a must try place!!!
Great food, I tried the chicken patacón and the meat was delicious, oh you must try their empanada freshly friend that's the best part, we also had a Dominican sandwich and the flavors were amazing, the place it's pretty small that's why I rated it 4 stars, but the food is amazing !! Must try
"We just moved to the area from California.

I'm vegetarian and my husband came here to try out their empanadas (he loves empanadas), and ordered me a cheese and corn empanadas. After he got home, we noticed it read chicken, cheese, and corn. When he went back to get a cheese and corn empanadas for me, they apologized for writing it incorrectly, gave him two cheese and corn empanadas, and allowed him to keep the one they labeled incorrectly. He said they were so nice that we must leave them a review. ;)

Aside from their service, the empanadas were pretty impressive. So much that I went back for seconds within 1 week! It's uncommon for me to go back somewhere so quickly. Pikalo did a great job with their food that left me wanting them again! I really enjoyed their spinach and cheese (better than any spinach I've had from other places) and their eggplant parm. So, so good. Should definitely check this place out!"
I was just walking by and decided to go in, I had the Big Papi Club which comes with fries. I didn't know what I was getting into, it's huge. I could only finish half, but it's a good warm sandwich and it's made fresh. It's a small place so I took it to go but I would recommend stopping in
These empanadas are SOO good, you'll be craving them all of the time. This place is dangerously close, so it's easy to pick up a couple if you don't feel like cooking. Incredible, cheesy goodness, and I cannot get enough of the sauce!! Favorites are chicken and cheese, and the beef. The rice pudding is excellent too! 10/10 would recommend!
I recently moved to the area & found this spot here on Yelp. It's close by so I figured why not give it a try. The empanadas are HUGE, 1 is good but 2 is plenty if you're really hungry. I tried the seafood empanada which had lobster, crab & shrimp (I think). It was amazing & fresh! I've came here twice already & definitely recommend it
Love this place. If you are interested in getting some delicious empanadas from some friendly folks I highly recommend this lovely little spot.
"This place is a wonderful gem. Both authentic and more modern ""empanadas"" that are HUGE! They have a variety of other things on the menu (like sandwiches) that I haven't tried, but have heard good things about. They have a nice offering of some Dominican classics as well. On my most recent visit myself and 2 other people came in and ordered 3 chicken, 1 buffalo chicken, and 2 of the beef and cheese empanadas. Each of those was a separate order. They informed us that would be about 15 minutes, which was fine. We asked if we could leave and come back and they said yes. We went back to the car to wait as it is VERY small (at this particular location at least). They make everything fresh so we expected to wait, and I knew it would be worth the wait as I'd had food from here a few times before. After about 20 minutes we come back inside and there are few more people presumably waiting for their order. At the end of it all, we did receive our hot and fresh empanadas- all together after about 35 minutes. I don't mind to wait especially as they got a bit of a rush, but when we ordered there was no one else waiting and they said 15 minutes, and it ended up being double that. Perhaps they had phone or online orders to attend to, but I just wish they had checked in with us while we watched people come in after us get their food before us. The beef and cheese was a bit greasy. Either way it was overall delicious, I would just make a point to order in advance next time."
The empanadas were the best I've ever had. Very fresh, well seasoned and perfectly crispy. I also got a papaya smoothie that was delicious. We are returning today for round 2!
What a place.  On the corner of Sheridan and Centre. Small place but amazing Empanadas. Never had Empanadas like this. The crust is crisp and firm and not too oily.    Next time I have try the sandwiches and rice pudding.
My sandwich is delcious. Everythong is fresh and the service is very riendly. It's also a great value. Thank you for my yummy lunch Pikalo!
Delicious empanadas!  Filing is plentiful and full of flavor.  Prices range from $3 to $7 per empanada.  These are not pre-cooked sitting under a heat lamp so be prepared to wait about 12 minutes for your order.
LOVEEEEE ITTTT!!!!! Super clean and great customer service. Food is delicious!  Smoothies are the best hands down! I will definitely be a frequent customer.
Empanadas are amazing, can't go wrong with any of them! My personal favorite is the shredded beef with cheese
"We were looking at open houses in the JP area, which really built up our appetites. Came across the bright orange storefront on Centre St, and decided to try some local food. Our lunch was very tasty, served hot and fresh, and good value.

Recommend:
* Beef and Cheese -or- Shredded Beef empanadas - delicious fried goodness. Make sure to add some of their zesty house sauce. I'm on a mission to try all *THIRTY* TYPES... yes 3-0, treinta. Note: you can even order a custom one!
* Cubano sandwich - as good as the the ones I've tried in Little Havana in Miami.
* Oatmeal juice (jugo de avena) - sounds gross but it's a popular & very refreshing Dominican drink - loved the passionfruit flavor!

I also tried the ""Big Papi"" empanada (ham, chicken, eggplant, cheese, and other vege), but wasn't a fan of the mushy stuffing and flavor combination - only comes in large size.

Be prepared to wait a while for your food to be ready since they do cook everything fresh to order. Hmm... I might have to buy a house in JP now so I can become a regular here."
Oh! My! Goodness!!! Got the lobster, chicken, & shrimp empeñadas & wow! Delicious! & they're pretty packed, very filling.
Yum what took me so long to check out this place? My second time I got the chicken cheese and corn empanada for $4. It was bigger than my hand, super flaky with a good amount of filling. My one recommendation is order 15 min ahead. First time we made the mistake of walking in thinking we'd just pick it up and go. But since these are fresh and not sitting in a display, that doesn't happen. I called 10 min ahead today and had to wait a minute or two and that was all. Totally worth it and nice to know you can get a great snack for $3-5. I don't know why i can't access the photos but imagine a big lightly fried pastry and a happy consumer. (Where the heck did the camera icon go?)
"I've visited this location over the years, and have no complaints. When we used to dine-in, service was good and generally efficient. The chicken is delicious as Nando's is, except for a brief stint a few years ago when the chicken was always small and dry.. I think maybe under a specific management team? But now it's been great! Chicken breast is moist and juicy, and the chicken grilled properly and delicious, so much so that I don't even use any extra sauce.

I'm a bit iffy about the sides, I've only ordered peri peri spiced rice and peri peri veggies, and it's been ok.. veggies are generally smaller portions and very oily. I've been ordering delivery from Nando's, so I just get a whole chicken and add my own sides at home. No regrets!"
"My first time trying Nando's and I have to say it was delicious. The chicken was super flavorful and juicy. I could taste that the chicken had touched flames and the smoky flavor was present. I especially enjoyed the spicy garlic sauce and thought that was the best sauce they had. I wish there was a Nando's in california to get some delicious quality grilled chicken. 

I would say that it is slightly overpriced for what you get though. But it would not stop me from going back in I was in the area."
"Camped out here during Friday rush-hour after pacing around the city to find some food.

I've heard about Nando's and was excited to try it. I ordered a breast, side of coleslaw, and mashed potatoes.  The chicken was delicious! It was moist, smothered in hot sauce, and the coleslaw was the perfect complement to cool my mouth down. Garlic mashed potatoes were delicious and filling.

The staff was nice and kept checking-in despite it not being a sit-down restaurant setting.  I hope to see one of these in the US soon and trying all they have to offer!"
"Okay I'm an out of towner, but I've known about Nando's for a long time because of youtube! 

We walked past this place and I was so surprised that we decided we would definitely have dinner here and wow. So content we had dinner here a second night, which is not something I usually would do! But the thought that we were on borrowed time had me gorging myself on chicken and garlic bread knowing my time was limited. 

Our first night here it wasn't super busy, but still relatively packed. We were lucky enough to save a booth, but inside seating is slightly limited for the amount of foot traffic they get. 

Also I provide no help to parking since we walked from where we were staying. It's mostly street parking...the odds are not in your favor. 

For a family of four with one vegetarian we surprisingly had a lot of options and this was the breakdown. 

Pita caesar chicken wrap: Yum, but wouldn't really consider it a pita? Maybe I'm used to more pillowy softness, this was a mix between a thick tortilla for me. But I liked it, it would not be my favorite of everything I tried but it was good. 

Mashed potatoes with garlic: Yum yum yum! So much garlic, so much flavor. The texture was velvet buttery-ness and the garlic added was so good. 

Chicken kebabs: Brother enjoyed these, the chicken was very juicy 

Garlic bread appetizer: the best part of all of this was the garlic bread, our last night in Vancouver we literally just ordered garlic bread and went back to our hotel to eat it. Why are you not in California? 

Frozen yogurt: interesting...it's not like Cali froyo, which is like this soft-serve dish, it's literal frozen yogurt, but it was good. Different, a bit slimy honestly, but good.

There were a couple other dishes that went around, rice pilaf, veggie sandwich, another chicken dish, but the bottom line is everyone was satisfied. We were so happy with our meals, hence us coming back more than once. 

When I go to the east coast I'll be on the look out for this place. For now I just stare out my window wondering when the next time I'll be able to have Nandos..."
"I'm completely serious when I say a visit to Nando's was first on our list after we checked into our Vancouver hotel. This chain has not yet spread to the West Coast of the United States, so for us, this was basically a tourist attraction.

Four of us each ordered a meal and our total cost came to about $40, which sounds reasonable, but we weren't too impressed with the size of each entree. For example, I ordered the Leg/Thigh with coleslaw as my side item, which came to around $9. The portion of chicken wasn't near as meaty as I thought it would be, leaving my plate looking pretty bare. 

The flavor of the chicken itself however was delectable! Loved the Medium spicy sauce which had a perfect kick and that true grill taste. The meat was super tender and you could taste the savory marinade throughout since they soak it for 24 hours and go one step further by basting it. The side of coleslaw paired well - crisp and fresh, cooling down the mild after-burn of the spicy sauce. They have a large selection of sides to choose from including potato wedges, cooked veggies, rice, and more. 

Very friendly service as well with organized operations. Just grab menus at the front, find a seat and then head to the counter when ready to order. Takeout orders also moved along pretty quickly as customers constantly came in for pickups. Definitely an enjoyable lunch here which started our weekend Vancouver trip off on the right note!"
"How is this place only at 3 1/2 stars??

I have friends on the east coast that rave about Nando's, so of course when I found out there was one in Vancouver we had to stop. 

We ordered the classic combo with a full chicken, garlic bread and mashed potatoes. OMGGG the chicken was the most delicious grilled chicken I've ever had. The juiciness, yet char on the outside made for a delicious flavor. And the garlic bread and mashed potatoes were damn good as well."
Report this staff. Her attitude to the customers is very bad. When you talk to her, she always looks dismissive. She looks like she owes her money. The roast chicken tastes good But the assistant's service is really bad
I don't think there is a single item on the menu that is not amazing and bursting with flavour.  The chicken skewers are my favourte as they are to die for - juice, flavourful and grilled to perfection.  Another great item is the grilled chicken salad as is the 1/2 chicken or a family platter that can be shared.  Service is usually reasonably fast.
very friendly, excellent service & great deal!
"The best part about nandos it's the food. Every nandos I ate was the food that stole the show. The settings are always welcoming nice for casual dinner or lunch. 
Now the staff that needs some work I visited several nandos and the staff have the warmeness of an ice cube. Not much friendlyness going in there. 
True be told people always return to nandos for the food independently of the lack of empathy by the staff. Sure they do their job but some human heart missing."
"Why does this place only have 3+1/2 stars? Looking for a place to eat close to my hotel I found it on one of those touristy maps. Decided to go there because it is 5 min away...good decision. I got the 1/4 chicken-wing and breast, grilled veggies and a Mediterranean salad. Also hummus to start. Wonderful wonderful wonderful meal! Super flavourful, juicy....mmmmmm. I got it to go and the staff were excellent...friendly, knowledgeable and efficient! 
I don't understand some peoples complaint about it being 'fast food'. My food was quick but I sure didn't walk into the place expecting it to be like Subway...good grief. Just because it's a franchise doesn't mean it's low quality. Seriously, people."
"I'm from the states, I eat chicken all the time. Grilled fried boiled you name it. Nandos by far has the best chicken hands down. Good flavor, good sauces, healthy & their salad is good too. Healthy fast food.

I need my fix once a week!!

Oh and they sell their sauces too. Keep a bottle in the fridge and spice up your life!"
Had dinner here last December 29, and have to acknowledge the friendly and attentive service of the staff. 5 Star Service. Good job!
"I love coming to nando chicken especially on Tuesday for double leg Tuesday! But Occasionally coming on a non Tuesday works too! Especially with the family share platter for 2! You get a whole chicken, and 2 small sides with garlic bread! ($34?!?)
*
The lemon and herb is the ultimate go to flavour. Super flavourful yet not overpowering and for the quantity of food and quality it's super cheap! The peri peri fries are one of my favourite as it's delicious and it's fries. And the garlic bread is super filling, garlicky, buttery and it tastes amazing with the chicken!
---------------------------"
I first discovered Nando's PERi-PERi chicken in South Africa back in 1996 and I thought it was fantastic being some of the best chicken I had ever eaten and I most recently got it again in 2018 at the National Harbor, MD location.  Unfortunately while the chicken was still good this location seemed much less nice as they have less sauce options, side item options and menu selection items.  Most disappointing is they had fewer of the delicious PERi-PERi sauce options to choose from.  The service could also use some improvement and the interior could use a good cleaning.  Overall this is still a great place to eat but they need to catch up with the National Harbor, MD location and definitely need to add locations in New Orleans and Nashville ASAP.
"OMG!!!!
Amazing food!!!
I had the chicken leg with garlic mashed potatoes and my wife got the chicken sandwich with fries. My chicken was with the hot sauce and cook to perfection (fork tender). 
My wife had the chicken sandwich with fries but her fries were too salty. The waitress changed her fries to garlic mashed potatoes with no hesitation. 
Again, AMAZING FOOD AND SERVICE."
3.5 stars, for real??? This place is fantastic!! The food is ALWAYS 5-star and the service is great! I especially love that they tend to hire new immigrants.
Excellent Portuguese style grilled chicken, I wish they seasoned them a bit stronger sometimes. The custard tart is to die for as well.
"I heart Nando's chicken. It's always good, no matter which one you go to, and just spicy enough to leave a fire in your mouth without having to gasp for water. Well, I go for medium spice, but the more daring can choose hot or super hot, and ""peri peri virgins"" can have their lemon and herb. 

I like that it's a fast food restaurant, but is also licensed for beer and wine, and they bring it to your table. When eating in, I love to get the spicy rice for a side. It's so delicious, they should publish the recipe or something. When I get take out, it's the peri-peri fries all the way. Mrf. Can't talk. Nando's."
"I kept seeing Nando's pop up everywhere I went so decided to eat one to quench my curiosity.

This particular location definitely needs some TLC in the ambiance department. Seeing a booth with duct tape failing to cover up a massive hole in the pleather = not very inviting. I'm sure the other newer locations are miles better.

We ordered the platter for two which comes with 1/2 chicken, 2 kebabs, 8 wings, and two sides. Albeit self-serve, we got our sides way too far in advance of receiving our protein. Consequently we gorged on the spiced rice and coleslaw (average).

Now on to the good stuff. Their chicken. I ordered the hot level, which was pretty mild. Kebabs had the most flavour and were nice and moist. 

As chicken is just well chicken, I opted to slather my meat with their 3 sauces the had available (garlic, wild herb, and hot). Hot was my favourite.

Chicken is not something I order at restaurants unless it is radically prepared differently than what I can manage at home. Would I return to this location? Maybe if I never see duct tape anywhere again."
chicken breast is super moist and the chicken wings/thigh were good too :) although it is overhyped, i can see where they're coming from because it is still great chicken
"A simple place to grab a nice spicy chicken! A great place to just grab a piece of chicken on the go or to hang out at the restaurant and eat with friends.

The food is spectacular, and the taste is very special. Very different taste from all the places I have heard for spices. Their regular fries are boring, but if you add some Peri Spice, DELICIOUS!! You don't even need the ketchup sauce on the side.

I love the style where the chicken is a bit charred at the ends because it give that BBQ roasted taste and it's delicious. I don't eat it because tons of cancerous hazards but it gives the chicken an amazing taste of smokiness. (This is what we Yelpers do to get the full effect of everything Teehee).

Overall, I will go again and I enjoy it A LOT. The only negativity is that I dislike the whole ""buy food and pay first"" then get food and sit. It could just be me, but it is hard for us, as customers, to give them tips onto the same bill."
Great food and service. The cream of the wheat is delicious. One of my favorite breakfast places.
"Love this place from the first time me and my boyfriend came there.
Because if the COVID they have to serve you in a side yard and it looks pretty good.
Menu is great and the prices are good too.
The only thing that makes me a little bit uncomfortable is that it is ""cash only"" but I guess it's fine."
Best breakfast place in Somerville! Always wonderful service. Food is without a doubt delicious. You will not regret choosing to eat here!
"So, a quick caveat. I talk about my girlfriend in these reviews a lot because 95 percent of the time, I'm going out to these places I review with her. The Neighborhood represents the first time in as long as I can remember that we disagree. She would give this four stars, I would give five. Be warned!

Put simply, The Neighborhood gives you the best combination of quality and quantity of any brunch place I've ever been to. Skip the main menu and head straight for the specials, all of which are $12.99 and come with OJ, coffee, cream of wheat or fruit, and a plate of toast and muffins.

I've had three of the specials over time: the coconut french toast, the eggs benedict with crab cakes, and the southwestern omelette. All were phenomenal. I have also stolen and enjoyed my girlfriend's berry pancakes. Also, I normally hate cream of wheat, but for some reason, The Neighborhood's is unbelievable.

Two last things. Some people seem to complain about the service. My servers have always been really nice, and very attentive. Second, go to the neighborhood in the spring / summer, and eat outside! They have a great outdoor seating area under grape vines.

The Neighborhood isn't perfect. The OJ isn't very good, and the fruit isn't either. But overall, this is an amazing brunch / breakfast place, and the best value for your money you'll find."
"Mon: What a lovely and homely brunch spot! My boyfriend ordered the Nutella crepe special and I ordered the #15 (3 eggs any way, linguica, and a fried banana).
The linguica was amazing-- such a flavor bomb. You receive complimentary orange juice and cream of wheat or a baked apple with any order. We also received a complimentary muffin with jam. There is also complimentary Portuguese bread and hit chocolate while you're waiting. This ended up being SO much food. With all the goodies thrown in, I'd recommend two people could share a special. 

The service was fast and friendly. The prices were excellent and fair and not very ~Boston/Cambridge $$~ 

$4.50 champagne-- sign me up! 

Cash only. Arrive around 11 if you don't want to wait long. 

Strum: Really good, really fast service. Fun family vibes!"
My husband and I have been here twice for weekend brunch. Both times were great.  There is usually hot chocolate or some sort of beverage available for free outside while you wait- also some sweet bread or other treat.  The wait generally has never been too long, but the place it very small.  The food we ordered was great and came with a lot of free extras we didn't know about ahead of time including juice and cream of wheat or baked apple.  The cream of wheat is very sweet but very tasty and definitely worth a try. We ordered some dishes that included Portuguese meats and eggs.  They also brought an assortment of bread to our table.  Overall a very pleasant experience- make sure to go with an appetite!
"It had been 7+ years since I first went to the Neighborhood Restaurant in Union Square, so it was high time for another visit. This is the go-to spot for our friends who live in the area. Because it can get so busy for brunch (and apparently you have to stand outside the restaurant to wait), we planned to get there before 9am on a Saturday.

... but we happened to visit on a blizzard-y weekend, so we had zero problems snagging a table in this small, no-frills place. Other sojourners who were also willing to brave the cold were already settled down to heaping plates of food.

Our meal was super tasty, partially because we were hungry and cold, but mostly because it was just good and hearty -- and the food kept coming. The others got omelettes, while I had eggs and linguica with a fried banana. Our entrees nearly overflowed our plates. To top it off, all breakfasts come with unlimited coffee/tea, OJ, and a choice of fruit, cream of wheat, or a baked apple. Cream of wheat actually ended up being the surprising winner (my tiny taste was super buttery/creamy), although I was glad for my baked apple, decadent without being overly sweet. I was able to easily find gluten and dairy free selections, and our server made sure to accommodate all my requests.

Satisfied silence reigned as we dug in.

This place could be anyone's go-to, in snow and in sun. (No brunch pretentiousness here.) Hoping to come back soon!"
Really nice place! Enjoyed the brunch ! The servers were really friendly!! You should definitely try the Portuguese breakfast!
"The move at Neighborhood Restaurant is to opt for the Portugese Breakfast. Ordering this dish lets you to try a variety of delicious foods: linguica, code cake, shrimp cake, and meatcake. It also comes with home fries, toast, rice and beans, and is extremely filling. Don't forget to try their cream of wheat as well. This side dish is what the restaurant is best known for and was pure sweet and creamy goodness.

Our servers were polite, observed social distancing, and wore appropriate COVID gear. They take cash or Venmo."
"Fun but not worth waiting for even though they give you free coffee while you wait. A Hollandaise sauce is delicious but the avocados are overwhelming. The homefires are cooked on too high a heat for too short a time - crisp on outside, and mushy on the inside. 

The Portugese breakfast is unique but all the sausages are overcooked. 

Polite and competent service."
"**still CASH ONLY for dine in**

*employees w masks & gloves, and hand sanitizer on tables for COVID*

What's not to love about Neighborhood? The food is delicious, the portions are huge, the outdoor seating is in the shade, and it remains super cheap. When we go here we often split a meal because so much comes with your breakfast! 

This time we got the three eggs (scrambled) with home fries, and a side of pancakes to share. Each meal comes with a starter of fruit or cream of wheat (we picked the fruit - a baked apple), and a side of toast and red velvet bread/cake. The red velvet was moist (sorry, had to say it!) and incredible, but my favorite item is their scrambled eggs. So perfectly done. 

Make sure you come hungry!"
LOVE Neighborhood restaurant. Always expect a line on a weekend afternoon. The same crew has worked there for like 30 years and I'm a fan. The service is rarely the best, but they run around, get you what you want, and most importantly they deliver the cream of wheat. Which you must try. It's the best! I never had cream of wheat before coming here and Yelp helped me to try it and my life was changed. I've had it other places and it's basically always awful. But this is like eating a bowl full of cinnamon-enhanced heaven. And the menu in general is great. You can get about 100 different desserts masquerading as breakfast, from all sorts of pancakes, french toasts, and waffles to anything you want. And you get a HUGE amount of food. They just keep bringing stuff to the table. I'm not sure why you get extra breads at the end, but I'm definitely gonna eat it! But be careful, b/c the special menu is cash only. And incredible!
"In order to enjoy a more comfortable afterlife, the Egyptian pharaohs would be buried with their earthly riches, pets, personal servants, and even sometimes their wives and children. This in mind, when I die I want to be buried with the following (consider it a sort of Desert Island list, except this Desert Island is the sweet hereafter):

-1 copy of ABBA Gold
-Discs 4-7 of the 2004 Red Sox World Series Collector's Box Set (which contains Games 4-7 of the ALCS vs. the Yankees)
-1 full volume set of Remembrance of Things Past (because in the afterlife, no one cares how pretentious you are for reading Proust - plus, I'll never get around to it in this life)
-1 copy of the 4 disc box set What It Is! - Funky Soul and Rare Grooves 1967-1977 (because if I can't spend eternity at Soul-le-lu-jah at Zuzu, this is the next best thing)
-1 full arcade cabinet sized  version of Samba de Amigo
-1 full-scale replica model of the Museum of Jurassic Technology
-1 bottomless vat of cream of wheat from the Neighborhood Restaurant
-1 endless plate of linguica from the Neighborhood Restaurant

Here's the thing: the above listed items may seem perfectly reasonable until reaching the last two items. Cream of wheat? Really?! And linguica? You really want to take spicy Portuguese sausage with you to heaven (and yes, linguica is sausage, and not pasta, as I stupidly thought the first time I read the menu... linguine, linguica, yeah?)? Oh, but friends,  the cream of wheat at the Neighborhood isn't that soupy curdled bowl of mush you so dreaded when you were a kid. No, I'm not sure what the secret ingredient is here - love? brown sugar? the hand of God? - but whatever it is, please fill my casket with it, pump it through my veins, please send me off to that undiscovered country enveloped and drowned in its warm soft embrace. But until that day, may it continue to warm and fill my stomach, and may the linguica continue to spice up my weekend breakfasts. And it'll all be waiting for me when I die...."
"Alright, so this place is not, you know five-star breakfast or brunch it's just it's a place for breakfast. It's very cheap breakfast with excellent service and value-priced fresh orange juice, in addition to a few other varieties of juices as well. OH annnnd free everlasting coffee.

They know how to do their stuff, in fact speaking of stuff, I was stuffed at the end of my meal. I enjoyed it and it was a very clean place that is kind of hard to get to unless you live in the hood, or have a car, but otherwise solid. 

Get there early because I hear on weekends it is really hard to get into, however on a weekday your probably going to get in easily and you will be rewarded. Just make sure you bring quarters to feed the meters...you will probably hang around a while."
"Its impossible not to be charmed by this ramshackle little local favorite Portuguese spot in the slightly off the beaten path Bow Square area of Somerville.  The service is likewise slapdash and can certainly be slow and a bit scatterbrained.  The breakfast though is a thing of beauty, most notably the seemingly perennial ""Portuguese Breakfast special"" .  For 10 bucks you get eggs, once served scrambled with delicious Portuguese linguiça sausage another time alongside it, blood sausage  delicious fried codfish, shrimp and meat cakes (one of each), solid house home-fries and toast, the last of which I was unable to touch every time.  Oh yeah and you get a starter of either amazing house made cream of wear or fresh fruit beforehand in the deal and unlimited coffee.  I hear tell that all the other breakfast offerings are delicious as well and am inclined to believe it but I was never able to bring myself to order anything else.  Of course this is the type of breakfast that will have you feeling ready for a nice nap afterwards but it is a decadently delicious gut-buster."
Such a great family run establishment with fantastic outdoor seating. The breakfast sandwich is A+ (they make their own bread) and all the rest of the dishes are fantastic. The specials are fairly large and come with a delicious apple dessert thing or   cream of wheat - both are good. That said, the price for the breakfast special is a bit high for breakfast  but when compared to what would pay for at a hotel or fancier restaurant that $16 seems way more reasonable. I have never been for lunch but do highly recommend the cod cakes.
"Ordered a Turkey Bacon Egg & Cheese Omelette w/Home Fries & Wheat Toast...
BEST BREAKFAST EVER!!!...
They even thru in a Brownie...
Nice Friday Morning Surprise!!!"
"Got to know about this amazing breakfast place after I moved to Somerville a block away from it. Always good experience. If you are planning to go on a weekend, there is always a wait.  Says a lot about how good this place is! Love their cream of wheat! I love their waffles and French toast! Its great that it opens 7 day a week even early morning.
Totally recommend it! Very nice local breakfast joint. In spring and summer they have outdoor setup that is really cool. CASH only."
Amazing, right up there with my favorite breakfast place. Reds in Salem MA. Crabcakes Benny! Order it. Very good. I don't give out 5 stars lightly! Will be going back when it gets warmer to sit outside on the patio.
I love this place.  Probably the best breakfast place around.  I actually drive 20 mins just to go have breakfast here.  Highly recommend the #15.
My favorite breakfast spot in the area. Free OJ, cream of wheat or fruit, bread, and coffee with breakfast- what's not to love. I got a side of their sweet, perfectly fried, bananas & a side of the rice and beans. My friend got his usual omelet. Everything, including the service, was great!
"My childhood was filled with being forced to eat cream of what through tears of disgust. I haven't touched that shit since until today. My friend assured me this was unlike any cream of wheat I've ever had. He was 100% right. I have no idea what's in it but it's amazing.
The meal was 16 dollars but was as insane amount of food. The cream of wheat for a starter/side is included with all meals (or fresh fruit, but believe me you want the cream of wheat) as well as 3 slices of French toast which I had on sweet bread (not overly sweet but really good), 3 eggs and home fries. Eggs were cooked well and the home fries were great too. They had pepper, onion and sweet potato too which was a nice addition. 
The wait was long-ish but worth it. I went on a Sunday at 11 and waited about 30 mins. Earlier than that the line will be around the block on a weekend. 
The place is small inside so you're sitting extremely close to other people but didn't bother me. Service was friendly, always refilling coffee and making sure your needs are met. 100 percent must try for people visiting or locals who haven't yet discovered it."
Where can I say! Nicest people around and the best linguine cheese omelet on the planet. Cream of wheat....don't even start with me that you don't like cream of wheat.....just get it!
"Wow. So much food. 
1st tip: go on a warm sunny day. There will be a wait. Be prepared to peruse the comic book next door.
2nd: There will be a choice between fruit and cream of wheat. For the love of god, take the cream of wheat!
3rd: don't be afraid to sit by the door when it's chilly (not that you'll have a choice), they have a heater over the door that keeps the temp from dropping every time folks exit.
4th: be prepared to take food home. Choose your breakfast wisely by finding foods that reheat well
5th: enjoy the bounty that is Neighborhood!"
Best breakfast I've ever had 5 days in a row! The cream of wheat is out of this word! It doesn't matter how much food you order you must have the cream of wheat! The environment is beautiful and the service is amazing. So friendly! Next time I come back from Vancouver I'll go as far out of my way as it takes for this breakfast!!
I've always wanted to come here and I finally did! Food was ok but loved their cream of wheat! My first time having it and fell instantly in love (in fact I should probably find out how to make it myself!) Loved their restroom too and I took tons of photos but won't share them here because you need to go see it for yourself! I probably won't go back until next summer as I do what to check out their outdoor seating. Till next time.
"Any place that puts water and lemonade on the street for free while you wait is awesome.

Here, you'll get a ton of tasty food with every dish- and they tons of options, including old school delights like cream of wheat (comes with most entrees) and newer school items like nitro cold brew coffee. I like that they offer Portuguese offerings that you won't find anywhere, and I'm a big fan of their specials that give you a bunch of different things on one (or multiple) plates (sweet AND savory is key), most of which come with OJ and cream of wheat and toast. 

Items are hit or miss though- I loved their fish cake, enjoyed their home fries and waffle with fresh fruit, but found their shrimp cake gross. My stomach felt a bit off later on too, so not sure if that was just from grease or what.

Tight squeeze but lovely patio. Cash only."
"Cash Only. Don't worry they have an atm inside.

I just moved to the neighbourhood in July. I always saw a line outside this restaurant during the days especially during brunch time.

Finally came here on the last warm weekend of Fall. We came here after 2pm and there were a couple tables ahead of us. You write your name and the amount people in your party on a paper on a clipboard. And then someone comes out and calls out your name when a table for your size party is available. While you wait they have refreshments and snacks. It was OJ and muffins the first time we came and hot chocolate and sponge cake the 2nd time.

The staff is very friendly and welcoming. They make you feel like your getting brunch at grandma's house. I've only ordered from their specials both times and it's a $16.99 which includes coffee, OJ, a choice of a fruit bowl or cream of wheat and your meal. The specials change daily I believe- I've only been on weekends. I am ALWAYS stuffed by the time my meal gets to the table. I'm not used to such a large breakfast. But not to worry if you can't finish it you can take it home and this is the first time ever I have to take home brunch.

First brunch my husband and I started with OJ and Mimosas and the fruit bowls. I ordered the Belgium waffles that came with berries on top, a sausage patty, 2 eggs your style, potato hash and toast i didn't declined the toast. I struggled so bad to finish but I did well. Only 1/8 of my waffle was left in the plate.

My husband got the crab cake eggs benedict which was good it came with potato hash and toast. He said it's the best he's had so far. He even craved for more after he was done.

Everything came out really fast I was shocked.


The second time we cane here it was around 11am and it was an overcast day in the 50s. There were a lot of people ahead of us. We didn't get seated till almost 12pm. Thank goodness for their hot chcolate and cake to fill the void while we waited. I ordered the cream of wheat which was very good but very filling by the time I got my eggs benedict I could only eat one of the 2. And my husband got the Portuguese breakfast. He enjoyed everything except the blood sausage- his tastebuds haven't acquired that taste as yet he said it was very potent.

I don't normally post 5 stars but this place is worth the wait for the service, friendliness and the meal made with love. And not to mention has refreshments while you wait."
If I could give 5 stars just based on food I would, but the service here tends to be somewhat of a turn off. They don't really need your business with the lines that turn up for this food, so I recommend getting there early (especially on a weekend) and don't expect to be treated with respect. With that being said, the food is fabulous, and you get a lot of it for what you pay! Each meal includes a coffee/tea/got chocolate, orange juice, breakfast bread basket, and fruit and/or cream of wheat. Most meals also come with home fries. I was skeptical going in about the cream of wheat, but it is just magical and takes the cake for any other part of the meal. Good omelets, good home cooked food. I'll be back on a week day
Great outdoor patio for healthy social distancing. Had coffee and water as soon as we sat down! Make sure to arrive early, they fill up fast!
"So after twelve years in Cambridge, I finally made it to the Neighborhood.  This place is all about quantity- for example, I ordered an omelette which came with : bread, fruit, hash browns, tea, and coffee.  My friend ordered waffles which came with bacon, eggs, fruit, bread, hash browns, and coffee. You get the idea.  The name of the game is huge portions.  So, if you like all-you-can-eat type places (or if you like to eat all you can), this is your place.

The food was good- not mind blowingly brilliant- but solid (and affordable).  This isn't like brunch at Highland Kitchen or something - it's a little bit less exceptional - but the staff is super-friendly, and you'll certainly be full for the rest of the day.

Notes: 
--I thought the toast was the best part of the meal. Definitely eat the bread.
--Expect to wait.  We went during a blizzard so we didn't have to.
--Cash only."
"So Ive never been a big cream of wheat guy...but yall don't understand. This place is next level to the point where I've appropriately dubbed it ""cream of crack."" So smooth, flavorful, and satisfying. The baked apple is also phenomenal both with the cream of crack and by itself. Their homemade chicken soup is also stellar with fresh ingredients that you can taste. Some of the nicest people you sill meet work here too. Highly recommend this cafe for any time of day!"
"So Good! Always pleasant staff. Home feeling. Abundance of delicious food! I usually sit out under the grape canopy and eat happily. Today I ordered a ""quick"" breakfast sandwich. (Bacon egg and cheese on a an English muffin) it's was so fast and it's was huge! The English muffin was extra big, defiantly 2 eggs and all it was big. I was like wow! Unexpected. Love this place."
"It is especially difficult to make a breakfast/brunch joint distinct with omelettes and French toast, but the Neighborhood pulls it off. We knew from the sign in sheet that the wait was going to be long on the cold Sunday morning but the unlimited free Boston coffee and cornbread helped ease the hangry as we waited. 

Brunch items came with cream of wheat, which was absolutely phenomenal even though I usually abhor it. The French toast was surprisingly savory without any syrup and it was fluffy even though it was so thick.

The omelet and home fries were so filling and flavorful and to top it off it was also served with buttered toast and cornbread. It was a great deal for only $10 and it came with unlimited coffee, OJ, and hot chocolate!"
"This humble little restaurant serves the most delicious and filling breakfast that feels luxurious to eat. Everything was flavorful and so comforting. The linguica was the highlight of my dish. Also, it was my first time trying Cream of Wheat and I wasn't disappointed. Definitely had the perfect meal to start my day here at The Neighborhood. Will definitely come back for more, and this time with my puppy -- they seem very dog-friendly and I even saw a jar of dog treats by the entrance! It's the little details, you know :)

P.S. They are CASH ONLY! Come prepared."
Maybe my expectation is too high after hearing all the good thing about this place. We came in the summer and waited about 2 hour. The food over all is a little ordinary and bland to be honest. The best thing is the candy apple and the cream of wheat they gave you for free! However I'm not sure if it was worth 2 hour wait. If there was 30 minutes wait I will be back but for now I will say no thanks.
"What a quaint, friendly place!

My boyfriend and I stopped in this past weekend for breakfast. We got the cream of wheat to start, which was SO GOOD and I got an omelet with homefries and he got the steak tips with homefries. Very, very good! The owners were very nice and understandable. The place itself was small but made you feel like you were at home. 

We also had the homemade sangria which was awesome! Not too fruity and not too powerful for a morning beverage ;)

I'd definitely go here again!"
"They have the best pancakes!  We usually go there on weekends for brunch and the waiting line is pretty long but it's worth it.  They serve o.j, coffee, and cream of wheat with every order.  Cream of wheat is really tasty but I'd skip the coffee even if it's free.  
I tried Begian waffle, French toasts, Tri-berry pancakes, and Spanish omelet.  I wasn't too crazy about the omelet but everything else was great.  I dont remember what my hubby got though.  I was too busy eating. The portions are huge so go hungry and wear a pair of spandex waist pants so you can eat the whole thing and still be able to breathe!  ;)
Service is always great.  Staff seem like genuinely friendly people.
The bathroom was tucked in right in front of the kitchen/dungeon and it was literally a SMALL closet."
Moved out of state and still dream of this place. So a little background: my now husband used to live in Somerville while we were dating. We used to frequent this establishment on weekends. Luckily we were early risers because the line takes forever during prime time. We later moved to Quincy and still made a point to come back. Finally moving to RI and I miss this place like no other. Now it seems simple, offering a baked apple and cream of wheat appetizer, but you do not get this anywhere else. Cream of wheat is easily the most underrated breakfast food, and the cream of wheat at the Neighborhood is better than the rest. I am not reviewing any of the other food because I honestly can't remember anything besides the cream of wheat. Sometimes I would only order cream of wheat. I wish more places would catch on!
"The Neighborhood is an obvious local favorite, with their clipboard waitlist spanning multiple pages for a weekend brunch. However, the ~hour wait is pretty painless if you sip their free hot chocolate and explore the nearby antique and comic shops.

When you get in, you'll find yourself in a bustling, cramped room. All the reviews say it, but make sure you order the cream of wheat. It's delicious! For weekend brunch they have $17 specials. I got the Portuguese breakfast, which came with a huge amount of food including various sausages, a crab cake, a shrimp cake, eggs, and beans and rice. I think the individual food items are somewhat hit or miss, with the sausages and eggs being great while the potatoes and beans were just meh, but overall, I left stuffed to the brim with very wholesome food."
"I absolutely love diners and the neighborhood did not disappoint. The menu has something for everyone. I like how most entrees come with OJ, coffee, and a choice of either cream of wheat or fruit. I got the french toast with homefries and my boyfriend got cornbeef hash with eggs, homefries and toast. With all the extras they give you, this was quite a meal. The toast came buttered with their homemade jam AND a banana muffin. Overall, very pleased with the meal for the price we paid. 

Our absolute FAVORITE part of the meal was the homefries. Do yourself a favor and make sure you have this in your order. Their homefries were SO flavorful and mixed with veggies and onions and crisped to perfection. Probably our favorite homefries to date!"
"Big fan of this spot! Lots of great brunch menu options at a reasonable price. The specials have gone up in pricing over the last few years, but they're incredibly generous with portions so it's very much worth it.

You can eat sweets while waiting to get seated, drink OJ and coffee before ordering, and devour the amazing cream of wheat before your entree comes...all included with your meal! I often get full before I actually eat the main dish. 

Check out this awesome spot, and remember to bring cash!!"
"So much food. 

Normally we think of courses for a nice dinner. Appetizer, main course, dessert. At Neighborhood, they reimagine that for breakfast. All for under $10. 

Once you put your name on the list by the door, wait in line outside, have coffee if you like, and they call your name (your whole party better be there), you're ushered into a crowded, friendly place that smells amazing. Our wait was on the short side since it was pouring, about 15-20 mins.

Then the courses begin. All breakfasts come with your choice of bottomless coffee, tea or hot chocolate; a small orange juice; special cream of wheat or poached pear; and a bread plate. You can get three eggs with toast and homefries, plus all the extras, for $5. What. I had the sweet bread french toast with bacon and home fries ($10), but we also tried the scrambled eggs with tomatoes and over medium fried eggs. They offer a lot of Portuguese favourites as well, which we didn't try. 

Who raves about cream of wheat? Me, that's who, and apparently a bunch of other people who have tried it. Wow. So good you want to eat the whole bowl, but that would normally be breakfast in itself! I didn't finish in order to leave room. Scrambled eggs and fried eggs were both very good. The french toast was delicious if a little soggy for my taste. Home fries were well sauteed! The bacon was on the crispy side, to the point where it melts in your mouth. So tasty!

Our waitress was very nice if a little harried. The place was packed so she was running around. It would be great to come back when it's warm outside!"
Love this place!  The French toast, the eggs with the broccoli and the cream of wheat are the best!  We request takeout from here a couple of times of month and we love it!
The best!!! I love their breakfast. I order from here quite often, no problem ever! I would highly recommend the neighborhood restaurant.
Their prices have skyrocketed over the past two years, 40% higher for many of their specials. The problem is they have diner quality food, nothing that is a must have - just pretty low quality food, which they give you too much of, but now at prices that are pretty unreasonable. The service is bad which was fine when it was affordable but now it's a lot more expensive. I feel they are just riding off of their previous recognition but that recognition is not for these new much higher prices. They don't even take card but charge $18 for a waffle special which is not a great waffle it is just a standard Belgian waffle which tastes like a store bought mix. You can get much higher quality food at lower prices. And their coffee is terrible - it's watery and about the equivalent of maxwells house or Folgers -
When I moved to Boston, this was one of the first brunches I tried. Something about standing outside on a warm Somerville morning, the sky blue and bright, the line long and happy, is so satisfying you can't quite put it into words. Even if an hour passes before your name is called, you'll think it worth the wait. Their plates are generous, their pancakes adventurous, their farina out of this world, and their prices fair. They even grow their own grapes in the patio (look up) for use in their jams. It's a magical little place, this one.
"Such a wonderful establishment, which totally lives up to it's name! We've been enjoying outdoor brunch on the weekends under the grape vines for decades!
Huge portions of amazing food, great service, and an old school family environment which is missing in a lot of dining these days.
I'm typing this after demolishing a fish sandwich special, on homemade baked bread, with ""boom boom"" sauce.. great Friday afternoon start to the weekend! Makes me want to show up again for brunch tomorrow! 
Keep up the good work, Sheila and staff!! The surrounding neighborhood needs your home cooking and love more now than ever!"
"Down a random, seemingly abandoned Commercial (in name as well as function) street lies Casa Verde. Being the only restaurant on the ghost town strip, I was intrigued and surprised that a resto could survive for what I would assume to be a long time (it looks like an older restaurant). The two previous Yelp reviews gave me hope that this could be Vancouver's greatest secret, the hole in the wall to roundhouse kick all other hole in the walls. In actuality, it was super tasty, but not quite the mecca I had imagined.

To my sheepish embarrassment, I recommended that a group of vendors meet here after Make It (craft fair at the Croatian Cultural Centre) because it was uber close and supposedly awesome. We came and on first entering, I could sense disapproval throughout the group. Ok, maybe they don't share my love of hole-in-the-walls, that's ok, everything else will wow. It didn't...at first. The service was slow, we didn't receive our waters for a long time and had to ask for refills. I'm guessing that they're not used to getting 'big' groups (10 ppl) in at once. The food, with the exception of my friends veggie sandwich (the menu is meat centric and she wasn't digging the options) was pretty dang great and unique from other restos. I had pork and mussels over a bed of white wine sauce and fries. So tasty! For $16 my bowl of goodness was a fair price. The rest of the group seemed pretty pleased with their options. It's worth the wait if you don't mind the lack of atmosphere. No music, sports channel on, linoleum floors, fake plants.
Good... but not good for testing out on a big group! 

Uniqueness of the food 4/5 
Atmosphere 2/5
Service 2/5
Taste 4/5"
"Imagine yourself walking into someone's home.  This is what it felt like.  The service here is very casual and laid back. The food is very home made and simple.  I had the caldo verde soup and shared the boiled cod fish and half order of piri piri chicken - this was too much food for two people. We had to pack it to go.  Be forewarned - the portions here, in my opinion, are generous.  The caldo verde soup was great, but we screwed ourselves over by dipping our bread into it.  This made us very full, so be strategic with how you use the bread!

 I would liken the quality of food to be good/acceptable.  For adventerous foodies, you may be disappointed in the lack of seasoning and creativity.  Portuguese cuisine is meant to be simple.  You can dabble your food in as much seasoning and olive oil to your liking.  The piri piri chicken was not too spicy - just right.  Some people may complain that it was dry, but if you ate it fresh, it was fine.  Just keep in mind that it is flame grilled, so temperature control and food safety is a compromise.

The cod fish is a Portuguese staple - it was not overly salty or under seasoned.  Throw on some of the olive oil provided and you have a tasty cod fish.  The portion was generous and the accompanying vegetables were decent, which did require seasoning.

To our dismay, they did not have pasteis de bacalhau or pasteis de nata  available that evening (fried cod cakes and Portuguese tarts.)  I would definitely return to try the other dishes again.  Several Portuguese families with babies and children came here for dinner and several for take-out, so it seemed to be a very family-oriented place

Discerning and hard-to-impress foodies - Give this place a chance and do not be too overly critical.  This is a very humbling restaurant, and the food and service reflects it.  Parking is only street parking (free.)  We paid by cash, but I believe they accept debit and either Visa/Mastercard.  Interior/decor - Very simple with basic tables, chairs, Portuguese bravado and typical colonial pastel coloured walls.  It felt like a time-warp and a recent trip to Macau."
"Went to this family restaurant last night.   It was not very busy, about 1/2 full.  We read some reviews before hand so we knew what to expect.  The service was good, the owner/waiter was helpful, explaining the menu.   We ordered two appetizers to share, grilled squid and grilled sardines.  If you don't like fish tasting like fish, stay away from the latter.  The squid was the better of the two.  As for the entrée, I was mildly disappointed by the fried pork and clams.  The meat was tough.  My dining companions had similar assessment of their main course as well.

Bottom line, the rating should be 2.5 stars.  We may come back on the weekend to try their roast chicken.

Price for the dinner for the three of us, including a bottle of their house wine, was $100 before tips."
Casa Verde位於Commercial St而非熱鬧的Commercial Dr，附近只有民居和幾間修車房，環境相當冷清。店家在現址經營至今已有16年，算得上是溫哥華葡菜餐廳的老字號。Casa在葡萄牙語文中是指「家」 (house) ，而Verde是綠色 (green) ，所以Casa Verde 就是green house的意思。創辦的老闆夫婦現年已屇70多歲高齡，所以餐廳早已下放給女兒經營，但兩老仍不時在餐廳幫忙打點，為人相當友善及健談。餐廳的地方其實不算小，但有三分二的地方留作大型聚會或慶典使用，裡面還設有音樂舞台及舞池，陳設亦較華麗。平日開放的餐房略為老舊，但極具家庭的氣氛，牆上裝飾的都是葡萄牙球隊的球衣和橫額，相信東主一家都是忠心足球迷吧！
Family-owned restaurant. The service is endearing - grandpa took our orders while the daughter gave us a free bowl of the potato and vegetable soup because she saw me share my bowl with my friend. Portions are huge. I love the kale potato soup but there wasn't anything really special with my porkchop.
"A revisit of Casa Verde with friends.  In sum, we had a giant slice of their cuisine: steak with a fried egg, Portugese style;  brilliant lulas grelhada -  amazingly tender squid in a tasty white wine sauce; bacalhau - real salt cod boiled to perfection; and a dish of mariscos on rice - like a paella, but with giant chunks of crab, clams, and prawns.  

For appetizers: five chunky sardines grilled to perfection and a lovingly spiced plate of delectable potatoes.  

Unless you have a Portugese grandmother, this is the only place left in the city where you can get decent Portugese food anymore - all with personable service and flan for dessert.

Be sure to try the vinho verde, a young wine with champagne efflorescence; there is literally nothing better with fish!"
"Delicious Peri-Peri Prawns

(Pic:  http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/2aIK0AtYx9rGGLn60Hv5sQ?select=9cSo8zjx1_m0NRD7Uh3-hA )

I would suggest saving the bread that you get at the start of the meal, to use it to soak up the delicious sauce.   Or bring a straw.   There is no way you will be able to leave even a drop of this.  In fact, failing to consume, devour, and delight in this sauce should be illegal."
"I fell in love with my boyfriend in this restaurant.  Well actually I fell in love with him in a number of restaurants, and theatres, and coffee shops etc.  But dining at Casa Verde is like falling in love with him all over again.

There is something about the energy here.  Is it the green walls?  Casa Verde ?  hmmmm....Or is it that there is always something interesting going on?  One night a bride & bridesmaids party and fitting including the wee ones in the next room.  Another night an important hockey game and the waitress going nuts.  Yes, not the most traditional of places but they are super friendly and very prompt and courteous.  

One night my sweety brought me here as a treat.  I was halfway through the Weekend to End Breast Cancer walk; I had walked 35 km that day and had 25km to go.  It just seemed to be the perfect place to go to refuel my mind and body.  

If you think I'm easily swayed by vino verde (wine), lulas(squid), and bacalhou(salt cod) you might be right.  But try it for yourself and see if you can resist falling in love."
I would only go on the weekend when they have piri piri chicken, which is quite good.  Otherwise the food is dull and the service can be very slow.  I haven't been to Portugal but I can understand when people say you don't go there for the food, or at least not unless you really, really like grilled sardines -- the place smells very strongly of them.
It's like walking into a restaurant in Portugal.  It's a small family owned restaurant with a simple atmosphere.  Old guys laughing over wine speaking Portuguese.  Bbq piri piri chicken on the weekend is awesome.  Will definitely be back.
"Like visiting my Tia's kitchen! This place is very authentic and adorable. We very much enjoyed it there. I could see how non Portuguese might find it a bit...rustic. Its defiantly lacking a fabulous decor and atmosphere more trendy restaurants offer, but if you're looking for an authentic experience, you will absolutely find it here. 
We were a little disappointed when we asked for true Porte, but they gave us some Australian forte or something. As Portuguese people, we were really hoping for true Porte! 
Make sure you go on the weekend to experience the piri piri. 
Will visit again!"
This place is a total gem. The food is incredible; we had the Piri Piri chicken which they roasted out back and the steak with a fried egg on top was served sizzling hot in a terracotta plate. Very reasonable prices. Completely charming and a total diamond in the rough. We plan to be regulars, which they seem to have many of as there were a couple Portuguese men relaxing with a beer and food and watching Portuguese TV.
"Love it!!!

They make you feel like part of the family.  The sardines, chorizo and the chicken (on the weekends only) are all amazing.  

Can't wait till the World Cup is over so they can get some rest!!!"
It was like we were eating in the owners home! Food was traditional português and super yummy! Started with Caldo Verde which was delicious and had enough linguiça to keep me happy :). Followed up by bitoque which was cooked perfect with some batatas fritas that were fried just right. The owner took the time to sit down and talk with us about the history of the restaurant (in Portuguese). She also went out of her way to make sure we had whatever we needed and made us feel like we were part of her family :)
"I'm rounding them up for a 4, from a high 3.  I tried to find them last time I was in YVR without much luck, but I was able to do so this time.

Here's the deal.  Commercial Drive makes a sweep and turns into Victoria.  However, Commercial Street (not Drive) is a small spur off this sweep, and doesn't have the traffic or the banners of Commercial Drive. I was tempted to go into PCOV (Portuguese Club of Vancouver), but decided to give these people a try based on a telephone conversation with the owning couple's daughter, who was very informative and helpful.

This is a basic mom and pop Portuguese restaurant.  It's not fancy.  It really feels like walking into a similar restaurant in Portugal.  They have their repertoire of dishes they do and, of course, they let you know their specials.  That day, it was chicken piri piri.  I don't like dismantling chicken and I don't like spicy sauce (i.e. piri piri), so it was going to be meat or fish - either a bitoque (sirloin steak with egg) or Bife Portuguesa (New York steak with gravy and garnishments ).  The lady said I'd be happy with the bitoque.  I also had hot tea.  

The bitoque came with roasted potatoes.  The sirloin itself was very tasty.  Their bread roll was large and had a good consistency. They had run out of desserts, but don't carry that many to begin with.  

The service was fine.  The lady was very hospitable.  A few gentlemen were watching a Portuguese TV channel, but they nodded and were agreeable - nothing like the Portuguese dudes at PCOV or Chez Doval in Montreal.  The price was very fair.  I tipped 20%.

I'd go back.  I'd call first to make sure they had some flan on hand for the end of the meal.  They are simple, humble people trying to run a family restaurant, so I like supporting such enterprises."
We are visiting from Seattle . Excellent hospitality and exceptional cooking. The chicken and flaming  Portuguese chorizos are unforgettable! Intend to go back !
"I love Casa Portugal, it's the best Portuguese restaurant in Cambridge. The food is not haute cuisine - it's home-cooking, comfort food, like my mom makes. My favorite is is the shrimp in garlic sauce.

For those of you who don't know anything about Portuguese culture:
1. There will always be a carb with the meal, so even if it doesn't list rice and/or potatoes, at least one of those will be in the meal.
2. The Portuguese eat fish and meat. If you're vegetarian, don't bother going to a Portuguese restaurant; you'll be disappointed, and whatever vegetarian option they may actually have will not be authentic.
3. The Portuguese take their time to enjoy a meal, so don't expect the service to be speedy. You should enjoy the fact that for once, a restaurant isn't trying to get you out in a hurry so they can turn over the table."
Oh Casa Portugal. Your food is wonderful. It tastes like its coming straight out of mine, my mom's, my grandma's an my great grandmas kitchens. No joke, as a Portuguese person who goes to Portugal every year as knows how to cook this stuff, this is the real deal. The food here is fantastic. But the service! GAH! Could the waiters be any more cold? Usually when I speak in Portuguese and they hear I'm actually Portuguese most servers perk up but the people here. Ugh. Made a 730 reservation once and showed up at 722 and was very rudely informed that my reservation was only at 730 so I would have to wait at the bar...but no one ever came to the bar. The young woman who works here acts like she's doing you a favor by giving you a seat. So yes, I love the food but I dread going here because the service is so negative. Talk about antipaticos.
"Atmosphere: nice, cozy, with blue Christmas lights strung overhead to give a classy and festive feel. Portuguese art decorate the walls and Portuguese music playing in the background. A great place for a family dinner or a date.

Predinner bread: you get an assortment of breads (not freshly baked) and a variety of olives with olive oil. I think if the bread was freshly baked, I would've been more impressed. 

Appetizers: we got some red looking sausages and little neck clams. Both were very salty. Not so salty that it wasn't enjoyable, but you will be reaching for your water or soda often. 

Dinner: I got the grilled squid, which was good but very oily. The boiled potatoes were buttery and I finished it all. Not much to say about the vegetables. I enjoyed the dish but, the oily sauce at the end of the meal made me feel like I just clogged my arteries. My bf got the #45 which wasn't bad. The bf's dad got the bacalhau with onions and eggs which didn't taste fishy at all and very much like scrambled eggs.

Overall, I'd probably go again if I want a Portuguese food fix. I would say this place was more enjoyable than Atasca!"
interesting Inman Square option with super friendly staff and an atmosphere that is energetic without being obtrusive.  seafood in boston can get  boring real fast, but you won't be disappointed with the portuguese style preparation of fresh catches here.  decent sangria, and very fairly priced.
"I came here because my Portuguese friend was in town and I thought no better person to go with than someone who knows the food. 
It was pretty great. My baked stuffed shrimp was really tasty and my friend really enjoyed his pork dish. Three stars for the food..and another star for the service which, despite the reviews, was actually pretty good.  
The desert list was bomb and I would go back just for the flan.. mmm!

I will definitely return, but seeing as I'm trying to eat at certified green restaurants as much as I can, casa Portugal is another restaurant that I would encourage to become certified green. 
I know that one little review isn't going to change the way a restaurant runs their business, but i'm hoping they'll recognize the growing demand of a greener restaurant environment."
"Wonderful food, excellent service, one of the best bacalhau (cod fish) that I ever had
Worth the visit"
We went there with some friends after trying in another place where there was 1h wait. In this one, they immediately took us and made us a spot where we could seat comfortably. Small but comfortable place.the price to be pointed out, it is hard to find seafood with this quality and this price and also this cooking style that i personally adore. My choice was the octopus and it was chewy but tastful.
"I'll bet you anything that waiter went to school with Chuck Norris. :) Just thinking about him makes me laugh.  He is actually a nice guy, if you have a sense of humor and don't get easily offended.  It was pretty funny to read about your experience with him.  I thought we were singled out, but I suppose we are not that special.

If you like Portuguese sausage and grilled fish this is the place for you.  The main dishes are served with plenty of boiled veggies and look healthy.  My friends and I mainly go there for the grilled fish which is delicious, especially if paired with a bottle of muscat."
"I must give this restaurant 5 stars.  My very first day I moved to Cambridge there was a huge blizzard and I was limited to where I could go to eat.  Casa Portugal was open and inviting with their warm atmosphere and friendly waitstaff.  The restaurant is decorated with tiles and plates made in Portugal.  Simply beautiful in it's rustic-ness.

The menu is a little bit limited but what they serve you is brilliantly prepared.  The specialty of Portugese cooking is Bacalau, and Casa Portugal knows how to prepare it.  And, like the waiter said, order the full bottle of wine, tomorrow is Sunday.  They know how to have fun, too!

Located in Inman Square in Restaurant Row, it's in a very up-and-coming location."
"Not the best Portuguese I've had, but the best Portuguese I've had in Boston.

The best Portuguese I've had was in Portugal. Lisbon's a great place. The stuff at Casa Portugual is more Azores-type Portuguese. A little oilier, but still flavorful.

The littlenecks make a nice appetizer, as does the chourico (which came out flambe). The arroz e valencia was fantastic--squid and clams and fish cooked to perfection. The first time I went was with my Portuguese friend and my dad. Had the chocolate mousse that time. My friend said it was great but not as great as the mousse his mom made (on a visit two years later I was able to find out that he was right, but this is still really great). The second time I went with him and HIS dad. Had the littlenecks again and the chourico again, but had the bifa e casa (I think that's the name--grilled tuna), which was some of the best I'd had. Washed it all down both times with Sagres (which is one of the only good national macrobrews there is) and capped it off with an amarghuina. Excellent time both nights."
"We took a quick trip to Portugal this evening! I lived in Portugal for over 8 years, but haven't been back in over 2 decades. In Boston for a conference & decided to look up a Portuguese restaurant. Casa Portugal did not disappoint! 

Started (in typical Portuguese fashion) with soup. I had Caldo Verde & colleagues had Sopa de Galinha & Sopa Portuguesa. All were excellent. 

Ordered liter of house wine (red) - was a nice choice.

I had Bacalhau a Braz for main dish. My wife had Lulas Grelhadas. Both were great, but we both found the Lulas to be tastier.

For dessert our group had Arroz Doce, Natas do Ceu, & a Pastel de Nata. All were delicious, but consensus of group gave edge to Natas do Ceu. Finished off with a WONDERFUL espresso - a perfect ending. Claudia was our pleasant and helpful server. I was able to practice my rusty Portuguese with her. The azulejos on the walls, with scenes from the Algarve, Torre de Belem, Palacio de Pena, etc., provided a nice atmosphere. It really did feel like we were back in Portugal for an evening! We had a wonderful time and would definitely love to return the next time we're in Boston."
"I think I may not have given this restaurant a proper shot.  But erring on the side of high, this was a two-and-a-half star experience.  
The bread and olives to start are fantastic.  The portuguese sausage was very good, and the black beans were delicious.  I enjoy sweet sangria (a chance to cast off my wine snobbery for a night): Casa Portugal's was very smooth and delightful for a hot night.
Unfortunately, the entree, a fish stew of clams, mussels, lobster, and squid, left something to be desired.  The broth was overly fishy, everything was slightly overcooked, and, as my fiance pointed out, the fish simply did not taste fresh.  
In New England, we are lucky enough to be utterly coddled and spoiled when it comes to fish- one finds the best and freshest almost everywhere and almost by accident.  
I would give this place another shot.  Fish stews can be dicey to begin with, so I won't condemn the place.  With a touch more attentiveness from the servers (who complained about making sangria then forgot we ordered it) and perhaps a different entree selection, we might be in business.  And the prices are such that it would be worth a reload."
My girlfriend and I spent our spring break in Portugal and decided to try out Casa Portugal in a fit of nostalgia.  Pretty authentic Portuguese cuisine with a true neighborhood atmosphere.  The restaurant draws most of it's patrons from the large Portuguese population in the area.  We went on a Saturday night around 7 and it was jam-packed.  We waited at the bar and were seated in about 10 minutes.  The grilled spicy pork (Porco Grelhado) was a bit on the dry side and too well done for my taste.  The seafood rice (arroz marisco) on the other hand was delectable, and I enjoyed it almost as much as the one I had in Lisbon.
"The salted cod with potatoes was delicious, and came with lots of olive oil which I appreciated but it may have been because I went with someone who goes there a lot and so they treated us very well.

I have gone their on another occasion to get the Carne Alentejana though and it was also excellent."
If you are searching for authentic Portuguese cuisine in the Cambridge area--this is your place.  Amazing food, large portions, moderate price (you will definitely leave here full!).  The atmosphere was cozy and intimate--a great date spot.
Nice family-run type of place. I always got nice food and the sangria is great.
the food here is tasty but pretty heavy. we started with the caldo verde- kale soup with pieces of linguica in it- and followed up with two entrees- bacalau with boiled potatoes and green peppers and also fried steak with mushrooms and fresh potato chips. both were good but greasy. there was a layer of oil lining each of the dishes. for dessert we had the pasteis de nata, which wasn't too different from what we had in portugal, except they sprinkled cocoa powder on it. oh, and we also ordered a bottle of wine, which wasn't spectacular. all in all, fun night, but we'll probably try portugalia next time.
Delicious, well-seasoned food and excellent service.  I initially had some hesitation about coming here based on a handful of negative reviews, but can say that I would go back again.
"Yum! This was my first foray into Portuguese food, but I have to say I definitely enjoyed it. I had the beef medallions in wine/mustard sauce with mushrooms (#21), and it's one of the best meals I've ever had. A friend had #22, some kind of spicy pork, and she loved her meal also.

Perks: delicious food, clean dining room and restrooms, $3 dessert.
Cons: shaky service (had a friend who said it's usually terrible and slow), a little expensive w/ entrees between $15-20.

All in all, I'd definitely recommend it and I can't wait to go again."
This unpretentious little family-style Portuguese restaurant is one of the best discoveries we've made in the Somerville/Cambridge area. I had the fresh sardines, and my husband had the bream (all I can tell you is that it was a fish with teeth, cooked to perfection). If you are looking for haute cuisine, with chichi presentation, this is not the place.  However, if you want authentic Portuguese cooking (the linguica appetizer was wonderful--presented flambée), with a fairly extensive list of Portuguese wines and terrific desserts, I recommend Casa Portugal. The ambience is pleasant--be prepared that there will be large groups, but if you make a reservation for two, you should be fine as well. Reservations are a must, and be prepared for it to be packed on a Saturday night and there is very little place to stand and wait (save for  a small bar toward the back). Our particular waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable, ready to recommend two different wines to go with our meal (I have NO experience with Portuguese wines), and answering any questions we had about the desserts. The prices are MORE than reasonable for the area, portions, and quality of the food.
I do have to say service was great - yes maybe not the brightest smiles but definitely gave us great suggestions. What I love - super cheap bottles of wine and pretty tasty.  The apps are great (Favas c/ Chourico; grilled sausage; cheese; mussels; caldo verde).  The entrees could have been super delicious but my  cod fish was overcooked.  My husband felt the same way about his chicken - flavors were right but too overcooked.
Love this place!  I make it a point to get here every time I'm in Boston.  The steak with the fried egg is my go to.  Wish they had one of these places in Vegas.
"I was a really big fan of O Cantinho (closed - sob! sob!), so Casa Portugal is a step down. Better than Atasca, though. 

In any case, I am giving 4 stars for their service and understanding, which, combined with sold, reasonably priced food, makes this a GREAT weekend stop if you have failed to make reservations for a more popular place. I went with some friends on a Saturday, and it was busy, but we managed to get a table. The waitress was nice and attentive, and we had a lovely half-bottle of red Portuguese wine. The bread and olives are really nice. 

The food is so reasonably priced. I had the fava beans (once again, I cry out for O Cantinho) - solid, in a lovely sauce, but not the huge, fresh beans I would really like to have. The fries are nice, some crispy, some soft. One friend's veal had too much gristle, but was also nicely sauced. Another had the classic steak with a fried egg on top - a perfect piece of beef, also in a great sauce. Can you tell that I like their sauces?
Also, when a fifth member joined us (he had a really great-looking piece of swordfish, though I didn't try it), they made room him, even though the dining room is very small.
Finally, this is probably the place with the cheapest (good quality) steamed shellfish in town.
A fine stop, fine Portuguese food."
It's a small cozy fun neighborhood restaurant that seems like a good choice for both small gatherings and romantic dates. The menu was incredibly extensive and promising but at the end of the night, I was more disappointed than satisfied with the dishes. I ordered the Carne De Porco a Alentejana (marinated pork cubes with little necks and potatoes). The potatoes were tasty, the clams were okay but the pork was incredibly salty. Not sure if that is how it is supposed to be or if was a mistake that evening. Other dishes I sampled from friends were also either salty or just mediocre at best. However one thing that someone in my group ordered that I thought was quite delicious was the cod fish with shredded potatoes and eggs. If I went again, I would order that. The side dish of Portuguese-style fries were quite tasty as well. A few other plus sides are that the prices are reasonable (esp for seafood dishes) and the portions are really large so you get your money's worth.
I've been coming here for so many years (I lived right down the street most of my life) and, as a Portuguese raised American girl, I can safely say this place has always had my favorite Portuguese food in the area. Granted, I haven't been to the other local Portuguese establishments in a few years either, but why bother? This place has all the menu items I could hope for. The variety of typical traditional Portuguese dishes is wide and lovely, and there are few things that I think they could afford to add to the menu (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars). I have always had good service here and even though my husband is not portuguese, he has always been greeted and spoken too. Love this place!!
Everything I tried was decent and reasonably priced. I had grilled squid with potatoes and vegetables, and my boyfriend had stuffed shrimp. It all tasted good, but I was expecting something a little more exciting. The dish seemed to rely on butter and salt for much of the flavor. I haven't had much Portuguese food, so maybe that's the style, but I felt like something was missing. The service was extremely slow, which was fine because my boyfriend and I were enjoying ourselves drinking wine and eating olives. But if we had been extremely hungry, or had somewhere to be after dinner, the slow service would have been pretty annoying.
Very authentic Portuguese cuisine with a very warm, charming atmosphere and attentive service. Excellent!
Walked in off the street with a party of seven on a Sunday, and were able to get a table pretty quickly. Wine list looked very reasonable, but everyone was too excited about sangria to think of anything else. We ordered a bunch of different dishes and were all pleased. Our waitress was prompt and friendly. Other than a TV in one corner, it's a nice space. Would be happy to return and try some of the other dishes.
"This was the dinner stop to ""get ready and in the mood"" for the Ana Moura concert at the Berklee on Friday night. As usual, the place and the staff make it feel more like visiting family than eating out, and the food was fabulous. Enjoyed the olives and fresh bread with extra-virgin Portuguese olive oil to start off. Then the ""Favas Guisadas com Chouriço"" (stewed favas with chouriço) was excellent and warmed the soul on a cold, rainy/snowy evening (with more bread used for sopping up the sauce). The main was ""Polvo à Lagareiro com Batatas a Murro"" (grilled octopus with 'punched' potatoes and steamed vegetables) and the octopus was prepared perfectly. All washed down with a Casal Garcia vinho verde.

For dessert, a warm little Pastelinho de Nata (custard cup) with a Café (espresso). All in all, absolutely delicious, with fabulous, friendly and attentive service throughout. Muito obrigado Casa Portugal!"
This place isn't so much of a stand-out among the restaurants of Inman Square, but it's a comfortable place, with good service and consistent, classic Portuguese food.  A good place to take your folks, or to go for a relaxed meal.
"This was my first foray into Portuguese cuisine, so I wasn't completely sure what to expect. I figured it might somewhat similar to Spanish food, and it did seem to have some similarities, but it is definitely different. Our appetizers, I thought, were the best part of the meal: Grilled Portuguese Sausage (juicy, just spicy enough) and the plate of fresh cheese and prosciutto. Both very tasty and satisfying. 

I was less impressed by the entrees.  Three in our group ordered three different meat dishes, and really the only difference was the ""toppings"" on the meat. Mine had ham and egg, while my friends had one with onions and another had mushrooms. While the meat was nicely cooked, overall I found the dish to be mediocre. It came with a side of rice, which I thought was nice and buttery. I am interested in trying another dish at this restaurant, perhaps a seafood dish next time.  I may not have ordered well since I am unfamiliar with Portuguese cuisine. 

The service was....meh. You could say the server was down right rude.  However, this is a small restaurant, which may (this is a random guess) be family owned.  If it isn't, it certainly has that feel. I'm pretty forgiving with bad service at more ""ethnic"" restaurants as I'm used to bad service at some of the best (and most authentic) Asian restaurants. I consider it to be part of the charm of the restaurant, so I wasn't particularly upset or annoyed by this. 

I enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. It was small and homey and other tables appeared to be enjoying their experience quite a bit. I plan to come again - may be then I will go with the two appetizers and find another (better) entree!"
"I'm on a new mission, it's called being concise. 
Here we go...

Ahem.

Snarky waiter, fair but not high quality food, quaint environment and relaxed ambiance. 

The winning factors:
Cheap-o-licious wine
$3 desserts

Would I do it again? Probably not, but at $100 for a bottle each and dinner for three, temptation is inevitable."
"Caught up with a college friend at this bastion of Iberian deliciousness and cannot say enough good things about it.

The cod cakes are light, fluffy pillows of fishy goodness wrapped in a crisp shell that schools you on how properly fried things taste. The lobster cakes are hot and creamy. The linguica was a little too chewy and tough for me, but I'm recovering from TMJ, so that might have been why. My friend's fried fish fillet and Portuguese fries were fantastic. The lemony breading on the fish--we both agreed we'd never had anything like it. And Portuguese fries are a must-try if you're obsessed with french fries like me.

But here's what made this place memorable: the Natas do Ceu.

What. The. Eff. How did a dessert this light, creamy, sweet and delicious escape my foodar (food + radar) for so long? It is easily one of my favorite desserts....EVER! Like, better than Michelin-starred and Michelin-wannabe-starred places. And it's 3 FREAKIN' DOLLARS! $3!

Will. Be. Back."
Hands down my favorite Portuguese restaurant ever!!! Love the cute, cozy set up, the staff are friendly in a very Portuguese family type of way. The food is delicious and well priced and 1/2 liter of house wine is $8. You can't beat it - we go whenever we want to have some delicious home-cooking! Try the garlic shrimp appetizer, grilled octopus and pork cubes! Amazing!!!
Amazing salmon, seafood, and of course the handmade potato chip/fries. My only complaint is the bread, which is absolutely nothing special. Otherwise, this place gets an A+.
"We will definitely go there again. I would like to see a list of the best things to order here, because I'd like to try them all.

The spicy squid was great! However the vegetables that came with it were not good. If I get it again I will ask for all potatoes with it (the potatoes were good) instead of half potatoes, half vegetables. 

My boyfriend had the salt cod and shredded potato and egg. He liked it but I didn't like it much myself, something about the texture.

I really liked the kale soup. It had a nice, subtle flavor. But we added salt to it. The chicken soup was not so interesting. 

We liked the green wine. Almost a sparkling wine. Went well with the food. 

Our server (Isabel? something starting with an ""I"") was very helpful.

The second desert on the menu was great, but unfortunately it had cookie crumbs in it, which our server seemed to think it did not (I can't eat gluten and had asked which desserts did not have wheat or flour).

Can't wait to go back to try something else."
"I was fascinated by this text on a tile: ""O precisar ensina a rezar"" (~Needing something teaches you to pray) Other translations?

On to the food: delicious and very generous. The bread basket had warm rolls and sliced bread with excellent olives. The chicken soup and mixed vegetables were solid and the duck l'orange is a steal (just under $20), huge portion, cooked perfectly with rice, mixed vegetables and Portugese chips (amazing!)

I would go back--don't know why I haven't tried them before.

The servers were also really nice."
"I grew up with a Portuguese family as my second family. My second mother, Fatima, would make the best Portuguese food. That lady knows how to cook! But once I went away to college and now have moved to Boston to start a career, I do not get to enjoy Fatima's home-cooked lunches every Sunday. Casa Portugal is going to be my cure for a pang of homesickness.

The decor is very ""Portuguese"" with all the roosters, ceramics, and wood interiors. It feels homey, and some of the reviews have said it seems like a Portuguese restaurant turned American. But I have been to Portuguese restaurants in Newark, NJ with Portuguese people and the decor was very similar. Homeliness mixed with style and class is kind of the Portuguese way. 

The server was a bit quiet but stern, and kind of disappeared once in a while, but I think he may have been the owner. The bus woman was attentive with filling up the bread and water so the server's disappearance wasn't really a problem. Next time I would like to go with a smaller party so I can talk to him. He told me he had made the house wine last year, and I would love to know more about the restaurant. 

Now the most important part- the food! My party had an array of dishes so we really got a feel for the place. We started with the clams in the wine garlic sauce and fava beans with sausage. Both were excellent. The Portuguese know how to make delicious sauces. I got grilled salmon for my entree and it came with boiled potatoes and vegetables. Simple meal but again, great seasoning and use of olive oil. Warning: Portuguese douse all of their food in olive oil. One person got the vegetarian dish and it was a HUGE portion of sautéed vegetables with beans in the same sauce as the fava beans appetizer. She really enjoyed it. Others got steak and pork. Everyone loved his or her meal and the food was cooked just the way we had asked. 

I ordered the Arroz Doce at the end of my meal. It wasn't as great as Fatima's rice pudding but still had the taste of home. 

I definitely recommend this place if you want a well-rounded meal at a leisurely and relaxing pace. Order their house wine, enjoy the food and company you are with and forget about your troubles for a few hours.... because that is the Portuguese way of dinning."
This place has really good food and wine.  The house wine is really good.  Everything on the menu is good.  The paella is fresh.  The pork dish is amazing.  I also recommend the steak dish.  Everyone is really nice there but could serve the food a little faster.  I do recommend the food
"Casa Portugal is my favorite Portuguese restaurant in the city, and one of my favorites overall.  The food here is fresh, well prepared, and completely uncomplicated.  Lots of delicious rice, seafood, vegetables, with a fantastic wine list that is cheap and so good.

I understand why some people might say the wait staff is underwhelming, but honestly - they are great once you get to know them....and at these prices, what do you expect?

You get a TON of delicious food, great deserts and starters, and fantastic wine - all at a fantastic value (dinner for 2 with 2 bottles of wine - was under $60)

Casa Portugal + a long walk around Innman Square + a few pints at the Druid = A perfect Saturday Night."
I've eaten at pretty much every Portuguese restaurant in Cambridge/Somerville and this one is my favorite. The food is simple, hearty, and reminds me of my Portuguese grandmother's cooking. Don't expect many vegetables (in keeping with traditional cuisine), but the bacalhau and steak are excellent and I always have leftovers.
The grilled chicken was delicious... so rich and tasty!  The Portuguese chips were a hit.  My take out order was on time.  My guests were very happy overall.
"The food was so fresh!  It was such a quaint little restaurant that reminded me of what a Portuguese grandma would decorate her house as, at least in my own imaginative version of a Portuguese grandma's home.

Food: The dishes vary a bit and, depending on what you get, you might have a decent dish or a phenomenal one.  Definitely go with the seafood, particularly any specials on the menu (except for cod, but that's because I don't like cod).
Unfortunately, I forgot the name of the fish I did order, but it was very fresh, had a light lemony glaze with chili flakes, and still had its bones.  Where possible, try ordering fish that has a lot of bones.  It might be tedious to work out the meat, but the meat would taste so much better.  Even the smallest sliver should taste fresh and immediately tell you what kind of fish you are eating.  None of that filet-o-fish shit.
Lamb chops: their lamb was also good, but just a bit too charred.
Each dish also came with plenty of sides like potatoes and vegetables, making this a comfy and satisfying meal.

Recommendations:
A great date place or meals with friends.  Order the seafood (except for the cod), particularly anything that is recommended as the freshest fish of the day."
"For Portugalese food, this place is very authentic and really tasty! If you're ever in or around Innman Square, I would highly recommend stopping in for a well priced tasty meal. Though it might appear to be a ""hole in the wall"" type of restaurant, you shouldn't let the appearance deceive you.

Furthermore, the service was pretty good. The waitress we had didn't pester us too much, though some might take fault. She did check in every 10 minutes, and our water glasses were always full.

And did I mention the olives that they bring out with the appetizers?!"
Good place -- huge portions. Relaxed atmosphere. Waitstaff attentive, but silent. No lunch menu on weekends.  Good place to try something new.
This is a review I should've written years ago. Casa Portugal is a hidden gem. My dad and I frequented this restaurant more than any other restaurant when I was growing up. I went back for the first time in ages about a year ago, and I was blown away at how amazing it still was. The meal was delicious and incredibly well priced, especially since most of the dishes we ordered were fish and seafood. The best dish we had was a daily special.. I don't remember exactly what it was but I know it was octopus and it was insanely good. I still dream about that dish...
"For (mainland) Portuguese food, this is the best in East Cambridge. Especially for the very reasonable price.  If you are not familiar with Portuguese food, you might be expecting something that Portuguese food is NOT. It is NOT spicy, its not Brazilian and its not overly complicated or covered in thick or creamy sauces. Like most Mediterranean cuisine, it IS based in simple sauces created with sautéed onions and garlic in olive oil, many fish and seafood dishes and fairly simple spices.  Casa Portugal, IMO, uses the best olive oil and the best ingredients and their wine is well priced. I often get the ""lulas grelhadas"" (grilled squid) and it's usually perfectly prepared (which is not always the case at most restaurants) There is also one cranky waiter who seems to be very put off by having customers- which is sometimes just like being in Portugal, so A+ for authenticity.

Also, and this is not a small feat- the espresso is Very good. You can go across the street in Inman square and pay 3x more for undrinkable shot of brown acrid water."
Great food.  They brought warm bread and olives to the table to start.  Small and I would imagine quite a wait at peak times.  The staff was very good and friendly.  I had grilled shrimp that were the best I have ever had.. Cooked to perfection and fresh.
"My better (and Portuguese) half and I were in Boston and decided to look for a Portuguese restaurant for dinner, since we so often frequent the one close to us at home. Casa Portugal topped the results list, so off we went.

We called ahead and were told about a twenty-minute wait. We found nearby parking and went in to everyone's highschool nightmare: you enter a room and every single person stops talking and stares at you. Seriously, it was just like that. There is no (or there wasn't at the time -- there was a large party at a long table that may have forced some layout changes) podium or check-in desk, so we just walked into the middle of the restaurant. There is a small bar where we took seats in the back while we waited for our table, but there was another table DIRECTLY behind the bar stools, so we were pretty much sitting with our dining neighbors. 

Now, all of this, in any other context, might upset me -- but Portuguese restaurants are kind of like family Italian restaurants in that they just kind of roll with the punches, don't fall all over themselves to give you the greatest service. Conversely, they typically have the best food and decent prices. 

I have to say, I wasn't blown away by the food. Which truly did surprise me. I had stuffed shrimp and a filet, and the filet was fatty and not that flavorful, and the shrimp were bland too. The rice -- oh god, the rice -- was SO good, I ended up putting it with every bite to level the flavor playing field. No COMPLAINTS about the stuffed shrimp, I mean they were good, just not as good as the ones I get at my boyfriend's house (thanks, Maria!). 

Service was fine, prices were fine. Espresso post-meal hit the spot. I'd maybe come back, but maybe try somewhere else."
"I've been coming here for their fresh cheese and proscuitto appetizer... and their imported beer. Their service has always been consistant! Same server and busser everytime. 
The decor isn't all that fancy but it's a great low key place to have a satisfying meal."
"4.5 stars - our second visit here. A total gem.

Great bottle if vinho verde for $16.00. Fantastic little neck clams with garlic app, grilled octopus entree & dorado whole grilled fish were spectacular and both priced under $20 an entree. Daughter had the grilled steak which was a perfectly cooked ny strip. 

I love this place & worth the haul from our central boston hotel.  Make a res if you are coming on a weekend!"
"Love this place! Made reservations for 19 yesterday for graduation dinner! Joe the waiter was AWESOME! The space is small but they def accomodated our party! 

The food is wonderful!"
This is what a family restaurant should be: casual in an old world way, like a visit to Granma's.  It doesn't matter if you are Irish, Polish or Portuguese: this is the way that Granma decorates but, unless she is gifted, this is not how she cooks.  The green wine is a plus!
We were looking for a Portuguese restaurant and came across Casa Portugal. There was plenty of street parking which was big. Very cozy atmosphere. Has a great menu and the seafood dish I tried was amazing. Staff was very helpful with the menu and recommendations. Would definitely go there again.
"Tastes like home-cooked Portuguese food. Everything tasted fresh. For appetizer, i had fava beans with sausage. Yummy! I had the Marisco da Costa Brava. Lacked flavor but the seafood was really fresh. Hubby has the pork in spicy garlic sauce and that was just delicious. Came with the Portuguese fries which were so nice. My Portuguese hubby said the potatoes were just like his mom's. 

The Pastais de Nata was excellent. Just like what we had in Belem in Portugal. The Nata de Ceu was a bit boring. Just crushed Rich Tea biscuits with cream. 

I would have given this 3.5 stars but it was the Pastais de Nata that pushed me to 4, b/c that is really hard to get right."
"My all-time favorite restaurant! I read some of the complaints here and seriously that's just quibbling. Okay  the girl doesn't know which dish is which and the chap doesn't smile - so what! The food is great! I went to a resto where the service was so friendly that I felt obliged to leave a larger tip than usual even though the food was not particularly good. Guess which one I am not going back to! If I need love and friendship I am not looking for it from my waiters - that's not their job! I mean unless they are rude I really don't care. 

Now coming to the food! Everything is superb. The chorico in the appetizer is great! The portuguese fries are super - oily, true, but I think that may be the way they are supposed to be - anyway the olive oil here is excellent so it doesn't gross me out :-) I have mostly taken the pork dishes, they are all fairly similar in taste and all without question excellent. The portions are huge too. If you can go for a weekday lunch though then you get the best possible deal!"
Food was plentiful, but lacked taste.  Pretty bland and very Americanized.  The spicy shrimp dish was not spicy.  Atmosphere is an American imitation of the old world.  But honestly, for a reasonably priced meal in Cambridge, it's good.  And the staff was VERY friendly.
"Not knowing what exactly Portuguese cuisine entailed, my girlfriend and I visited Casa Portugal with open minds and empty stomachs. 

We were greeted awkwardly from across the room by the bartender/waiter/host. He seemed preoccupied and told us we could sit at any of the two-tops. He spoke through his teeth which made him very hard to hear and had exuded a certain air of carelessness, like we had interrupted his day. Needless to say we sat our selves. 

For an appetizer we ordered the Fava Beans with Portuguese Sausage. The sauce was tasty, but it drowned the rest of the dish, creating a sort of soup, soaking the beans to mush. And the scant number of sausage pieces were thinly sliced and chewy. The only other hiccup in the dish was the hair we found that we both agreed was of her head and not one of the cooks. 

The large number of main courses did make the decision difficult, but both were delicious. My girlfriend ordered the Baked Shrimp with Seafood Stuffing. It was served with rice and vegetables along with the Portuguese style fries. Her only complaint of the dish was that the shrimp was difficult to remove from the shell, and caused her to lose a lot of the stuffing on her plate. 

I ordered the Arroz a Valenciana, a dish that looked similar to paella. It was very busy with pieces of chicken, shrimp and little neck clams, but all melded very well together. Overall the dish was very satisfying, though some of the cubes of chicken were a bit dry. The sauce was very rich and buttery, which always makes for a tasty dish. It was a large dish, however, and I left thinking to myself, like Estelle Constanza ""what am I going to do with all this paella?!"" (ate it for leftovers the next day)

All things considered, I would go back to this place, if only to see if they could improve on the service. Even though the dining room was small, more than one person needs to be there. We shouldn't have seated ourselves; this isn't a breakfast joint. The server could have afford to lighten up a little bit and perhaps show some interest in his diners. We weren't convinced he spoke English...or spoke at all.

Bottom line: good food, but questionable service brought it down from 4 stars to 3."
This restaurant was recommended by a friend who lived around the corner, and now I go there a lot! I order the banana fish every time. The staff are always so pleasant too. Highly recommended.
"I had read some interesting reviews about the service here but my gf and I had a great experience this past weekend. We got there at 5:30 pm for dinner on Saturday and a table was easily available; by the time we left at 6:30 pm it was packed! Based on other reviews I was expecting somewhat lower prices. We ended up spending $54 with tips for 2 appetizers, an entree, glass of wine and 2 desserts, which was the perfect amount of food.

Shrimp and mussels appetizers were well seasoned, not heavy at all (but I'm Indian and used to spicy food). We had grilled cod for entree which came with boiled eggs, baked potatoes, green peppers and some potent onions, all in olive oil. Very tasty! We had pear in port wine and souffle which were delicious too.

I would recommend this place if you want  to try Portuguese food. There's nothing special about the cuisine that I would go back again for."
"This place is absolutely amazing! Came here for my bday in June with my closest friends. I'm really late on giving a review for this restaurant! And it's been almost 6 months ..Means that this place is well worth taking my time and effort!!

My friends and I are no expert on Portuguese food. It was actually our first time here. Whatever satisfied our tastebuds we are happy! And this place does it for us. We ordered different plates to share to get a glimpse of the culture. Absolute love the food! I forgot the food we ordered but do see pics attached. And we ordered wine. Def no...For me. I am not about that classy life. 

Street parking was a pain. But it is what it is."
great clams and Portuguese potatoes.  the seafood stew was tasty and the staff was friendly and nice
Excellent & very authentic Portuguese food. Had everything from appetizer to desert & coffee. Great Portuguese wine too.
Everything Portuguese/Iberian I've eaten I've really liked and I loved Con Sol (sadly no longer around). Since Con Sol doesn't exist anymore we decided to try Casa Portugal on a Saturday night. I don't know authentic Portuguese food from my own foot, but I know that the bachalau a braz here didn't taste nearly as good as the same dish at Con Sol. There were four of us for dinner and everyone liked their food well enough, but no one raved about it. I think the biggest raves came from the bottle of red my brother-in-law ordered. The set up is a little weird here. The hostess station is on the opposite end of restaurant from the door, which meant were were standing basically on top of other diners while waiting to be seated while also blocking the door. We were seated pretty quickly for a Saturday night, though, so we definitely appreciated that. Of all the yummy places in Inman, I probably wouldn't hit it again unless everything else was too jammed to seat us.
You will want to lick your plate. Try the grilled squid or the febras com alho.
My favorite Portuguese restaurant in Cambridge, the food is very good but, portions are very small! U leave hungry unless you eat a lot of bread.
"I had three family members visiting from three different spots in the US - it felt like a home, family dining experience but with the bonus of incredibly cooked seafood. Plan to make this a regular spot, everything was so enjoyable. Highly recommend the mussels and stuffed shrimp.

Bonus that the prices were good and the portions big... a nice change of pace with all of the super pricey for no clear reason spots coming into Inman Sq."
"this place is tizasty. i was a bit skeptical based on some of the reviews, but casa portugal easily won me over. i was in portugal a few weeks ago, so i can say with surprising certainty that this place is the real deal. the inside of the restaurant is just like the insides of a typical restaurant in portugal: bright with white tablecloths and some kitsch on the walls. there is a TV by the bar that's always on. it seems like the kind of place you could come to for lunch and stay through dinner. the waiter seemed like a professional, in the european vocational track is equally good kind of way. most importantly, the olive oil was delicious and dark enough green in color to have a full bodied taste. the bread was also so good (how do they do it?? the waiter told me it came from central bakery; i can't wait to go there myself). if there was one thing i learned in iberia, it is to use as much oil as possible whenever possible. my shrimp in a red sauce dish came drenched in tasty, spicy oil. usually i don't like plain rice, but what appeared to be simple was simply divine. they have a great wine list, too. 

bottom line: if you prioritize tasty food over romantic atmosphere, then put casa portugal on your list."
My husband and I went here for lunch on a weekend. The place was packed. We assumed that was a good indication that the food was good. We were served some olives and bread as starters. We ordered the Portuguese Soup. It was delicious. Then I ordered the Febras de Porco Grelhadas (scalloped pork in a spicy garlic sauce) and hubby ordered Bacalho a Lagareiro (cod fish with potatoes) as main dishes. Both dishes were fabulous. It was a whole fish. The pork dish came with potatoe chips, veggies, and rice. The server/owner was a quiet, but polite. He was willing to answer questions.  The portion size was big. For dessert, we had the Natas de Ceu (a cross between creme brulee and a trifle). This was the first time I tried this dessert and it was yummy. The interior was nicely decorated. This was my first time trying Portuguese cuisine, so I don't know if it's authentic or not. But we had a great experience in terms of food and customer service and planning to return to this place again.
The best  and my favorite Portuguese restaurant. Been coming here for several years. My grandparents were from Portugal and I know this food and wine well. This place does it right. Cheers!!
"Five Simple steps for love and enjoyment at Casa Portugal:
1. Come on a weeknight away from the weekend ""Inman Crush""
2. Bring a large group of friends who love to share.
3. Make sure to include a Portuguese person (come on, they're not hard to find in this town).
4. Order every appetizer, every dessert and a bunch of entrees in between. 
5. Red wine. Lots.

Casa Portugal certainly pulled it off for my group. Our Portuguese roomie made the choice of venue and knew what she was doing - a homely cafe/restaurant that's not too fancy with relaxed service and cheap great food (a true Casa, like the name suggests). Dishes like the seafood rice bowl, the lobster and the pork and clams were outstanding but eclipsed by the apps and definitely the desserts. The wine was phenomenal too, seriously. Duoro wines are a bargain and pack a fruity smack to the tongue that Rioja should be jealous of.

When the bill came, I was shocked at how cheap it was for so much good food and even more good wine. If they could've only done a better squid dish (my roomie's version PWNED their one), had a happier waitress and if only they could've turned the TV off - this Casa would be close to perfect."
"We came here for lunch on Jan 27 2018 around noon time. There was many Portuguese wall decorations.

They served us with bread basket with butter and olives. Bread were cold. There was no lunch on Saturday. We ordered Favas c/Chourico (sausage) and Bacalhau a Braz (cod fish with eggs, potatoes and onions. Both were excellent. 

We also ordered Pasteis de Bacalhau (fried cod fish cake) that was not shown on the menu. It was awesome.

We tried a dessert Pastel de Nara (egg custard tart). It was a bit disappointed because the egg custard was cold..."
"I have ate here many times. First off the sangria is the best I have ever had! I always get the steak medallions the steak is always cooked perfectly and it has a yummy mushroom sauce. The chocolate mousse for dessert is a perfect way to end. A great meal
 This place is small so make a reservation."
"My fiancee insisted that we go here since he saw Roger Berkowitz (the owner of Legal Seafoods) dining here.  I checked out the menu and thought it looked pretty good.

The inside is rather small and the bar area is only 5 seats or so.  It is awkward when you walk in because the host stand is on the other side of the entrance.  The servers aren't particularly happy or pleasant.  

We ordered appetizers (can't remember exactly what) but I ordered the arroz mariscos and was in heaven from that first delectable bite.  It is a pot of broth with tomatoes and seafood.  The side of potatoes were crunchy and mealy - I added a ton of salt to them and they were even more delicious.  The wine is rather cheap too and it was a fantastic meal.  We have gone back a couple times now, even though I live in Brighton.  

The food is marvelous but the service does leave a a bit to be desired."
"This is a great restaurant if you want good food for a good price. Although some items on the list are on the oily side (hence not a 5 star). 
I had the goat stew (on the special list) and it was superb. The staff and cook were also very helpful with my gluten free demand and made the dish without the bread.
We have gone to this place for over 15 years and it has never failed us. The staff is friendly and funny. I've taken friends and family here and many have come back after without us and made it a regular."
Went with a friend from Portugal, and he helped talk us through what to order, etc. Service was lovely and everything incredibly flavorful! And people have posted complaints about the cod, etc. -- I want to set the record straight, you're eating at a Portuguese restaurant, and the cod is exactly the way it's supposed to be. Traditional dishes in this style use salt cod, so from the get go it will never be as tender and moist as you'd expect from an American seafood joint. It's an unfair comparison, and as different as apples and oranges. SO please keep that in mind when you're giving it a try. My friend was very pleased with it, saying it was just like home. We all agreed, from top to bottom, an absolutely fantastic, authentic meal.
Stopped by for lunch and it was a great experience. It's my first time to try Portuguese cuisine and I am convinced to come back again!
I went here once _many_ (10+) years ago, and then moved back to the area recently and have been there twice in the past month.  It is a great exemplar of Portuguese cuisine and has an excellent wine list (though they might not always have everything on the list--I recommend the Grilos).  Great if you like seafood & shellfish (eg camarao grelhado!), especially (surprise-surprise) cod.  Wonderful flavorings with olive oils & spices, though the Bacalhau a Braz was a little underwhelming (more of a hash).  Prob want to ask for any bacalhau (cod) dish whether it's a filet, or little pieces.  Also kudos for the Presunto com queijo fresco appetizer!  A nice atmosphere, not overly fancy, but not down-at-heel, either. Perhaps the most dependable nice meal in the neighborhood; it's no surprise that this place has been around for more than 35 years, given the dominance of Portuguese in the neighborhood, but it certainly it deserves interest from diners of all nationalities!
I took my mom here for dinner and she's already making plans to eat here again during her next visit.  She loves seafood and was thrilled by her meal.  The food, the wine and the desserts are excellent and VERY reasonably priced.  It can be pretty crowded and I've been in there when it's very hot.  That said, it's a great place for groups and families and I believe you will not be disappointed by the food.
Good quality food served in american-sized portions. Some dishes are closer to their traditional presentation than others. The bread and Pasteis de Belem could have been better. Price is reasonable. Gets very busy on a Saturday night so its a good idea to book a table.
"I try the codfish plate, good portions, great taste.
My only complain was the service, the waitress was rude.
Good prices"
"Known for its soups, codfish, and shellfish, Portguese dishes are supposed to allow one to savor each individual ingredient, as opposed to being lost in the sauce and seasoning. Casa Portugal excels in each of these traditional dishes. 

Recommend the caldo verde (a Minho specialty) and the bacalhau.

Enjoy!
DFY"
"So yummy! Ordered the steak with Portuguese fries and rice. Topped with linguica and mushroom sauce. All were cooked to perfection. The sangria was delicious as well!

Great, friendly service. Complimentary olives and bread, which were fantastic! Will definitely be back."
"Good, hearty home-cooking, well-prepared European-style dishes.  Very satisfying.  I've been coming here for years.  When I bring out-of-town visitors here, they always love it.  Sometimes there are off-nights, probably when the best chefs are not there, but pretty much every time I come I am very pleased with the place.  Before I became vegetarian, I loved the spicy chicken with the portuguese fries.  I bet the chicken comes from that fresh-killed-poultry place down the street.  
I agree that the vegetarian dish/stew is not the strength of the menu, but the rest of the food is so good and I'm so happy to bring people to this warm unique little place, that I don't care.  five stars!  Good portuguese bread and olive oil too."
Casa Portugal was a great value, and the perfect place to hang out on a rainy night last weekend.  The chicken (or veal, which is a special sometimes) with mushrooms and port sauce is a delicious marsala-like dish.  Also, the Casal Garcia Vinho Vergi (green wine, which is bubbly but not too bubble) they carry is amazing, and only $14 a bottle.  Not the fanciest night out, but tasty and light on the wallet.
"Awesome service and authentic food. Bottles of wine reasonably priced :-)
I was greeted and seated immediately. I was waiting on a friend to join so they offered me a glass of wine while I waited. I ended up buying a bottle of wine since the price was so reasonable. The bread, olive oil and olives were great. Now I am not a fan of olives but for some reason this olives were superb especially with the wine.  The Camarão Recheado - Baked shrimp with seafood stuffing and the
Camarão C/ Molho d'Alho - Shrimp sautèed in butter & garlic sauce  was amazing. Freshly cooked to order dishes with plenty of flavor. Seasoned just right. While eating a holiday band in costumes  came by playing music in the restaurant which made the experience even more enjoyable.
 Our waiter was very attentive and overall I look forward to patronizing again."
Fantastic place! Nice little necks and good cod. The dessert with biscuit was tasty too. Good service. We really recommend it!!
"I'm no expert in Portuguese food but I do know when my taste buds are happy. Plus, when I clear a plate, and I really mean clear (even the sauce was all soaked up with bread!), then you know the place is good. 

We stumbled upon this place almost by accident. We were yelping around the area and we had planned to go to another establishment that was highly rated. However, one look into the window in Casa Portugal and we saw that it was full and lively. The restaurant we planned to go to (across the street) seemed quiet and dead. So we decided to trust the locals. After all, it was past 9 and there were still people lining up to get a seat! 

We were told that we had a pretty long wait for a table, so the boyfriend and I opted for two seats in the tiny bar they had. They said they could serve us here or we could wait but who wants to wait?! The waitress we had was rather quick at taking our orders and she always kept my water fulled. That's all I really care about when I'm out eating - if you fill up my water before it gets empty (and I do tend to drink a lot of it), you've won my praise for service. 

Our meal started off with some bread, olive oil and some olives. I'm not a big fan of olives, nor is the boyfriend, but we tried them. They were ok....I'm not an olive person so I'm not going to rave about them. The olive oil was pretty good, but we decided to save our bread to soak up and sauce that our meals came with. 

We ended up ordering the Camarão á Chefe (Shrimp, chef style) and the Medalhas de Bife. The portions were absolutely perfect - not too much so that you'd feel stuffed, but not so much that you're hankering for a second meal after. The rice was nice and seasoned well, and could easily be mixed with the sauce to create an even more delicious rice. I also enjoyed the slice fried potatoes that accompanied the food. Overall, the food portions were great for their price and the taste was absolutely fantastic. 

Although I've only had two dishes here, I'd love to come back and try again, even if this place is a good walk away from the nearest T station. This is one of the best, if not better restaurants I've had (other than Italian places) in Boston."
If you sometimes miss a comfy, cosy environment in restaurants, and you are just sick of a waitress interrupting your conversation for the third time just for the sake of an extraordinary tip, then visit this place: It is sweet, small, honest, cosy and makes you feel being on vacation in a southern European country: This time, its Portugal. If you expect upscale kitchen, then this is not your place, but if you up for some cultural experience and cosy mamas kitchen environment, then this is your restaurant. The vine is amazing and the prices are reasonable.You will feel very happy to leave some extra tip at this great place.
"Authentically prepared tasty Portugese food VS. a moody, brusque waiter who hates making sangria (what is this guy's problem?!)

Who wins? the wonderfully homey Portugese dishes that trump the creepy, annoying waiter who served us

All of the stars are devoted toward the food NOT the waiter (who has been mentioned by previous Yelpers). Anyways, let's talk about the food because it is pretty good

Escalopes de Porco a Casa Portugal = B+, tender pork steaks in awesome wine sauce enhanced by linguica pieces
Pescada a Delicia = B, flaky whiting fish in a delicately flavored butter sauce
Arroz a Valenciana = A-, complex and aromatic stew of chicken, veal, clams, linguica, red peppers shrimp served over rice in a cute iron dish,  flavors mingled beautifully together.
Sangria = C, way too sweet and lacked earthy wine flavor

Overall, great, authentic food in a homey setting with a shitty waiter"
"My husband and I are both Portuguese and we've been living in the US west coast for a while. We are now moving to Boston and we were looking forward to taste some Portuguese food, so we went to Casa Portugal. We loved it!!!! 
My husband had Bacalhau à Lagareiro (cod fish with potatoes and olive oil) and I had Bacalhau à Braz (cod fish with shredded potatoes and eggs). Both dishes were delicious! Bacalhau à Braz is one of my favorite dishes and this was the very best I ever had! Better than my mom's!
For desert we had the Pear cooked with Port wine and Pastel de Nata, and they were also very yummy.
The price was very reasonable considering the service, quality and quantity of food served.
We are planing to come back regularly to ""Matar Saudades""!!!"
"Excellent. I am Portuguese and the food here was genuinely good. Service was excellent  

We had bacalhau assado (grilled cod), frango assado ( grilled chicken), beef medallions and grilled calamari ... Lulas grilhadas. Topped off with 'pasteis de nata'. Everything was excellent."
"What a gem!
We loved this place. 
Our server Jose was very friendly.  We enjoyed a seat right by the window which looked out onto Cambridge Street. Fresh bread and a plate of olives were served upon sitting.
Great place to people watch while enjoying authentic Portuguese cuisine. 
Enjoyed a Sagres (beer) to start with.  My husband and I then enjoyed 2 cups of the Caldo Verde soup (kale soup) , Ameijoas a Bolhao Pato (clams) and Bife a Portuguesa (perfectly cooked steak with in a authentic brown garlic sauce topped with a thin slice of ham and fried egg, served with sliced potatoes and rice.  We finished off sharing desert Pastel de Nata (custard pastry) 
We will be back to continue to work our way down the menu. 

Great friendly service
Clean restaurant and bathrooms
Reasonable prices

FYI no parking so be prepared to walk or take the T in (it's only like a 15 minute walk to the closest T station)

There is no lunch on Saturday or Sunday so it's their dinner menu that is served 
Which is still pretty reasonable-just no sandwiches etc. 

Enjoy and try everything you can!!!"
My mom is Portuguese, and she gives this restaurant a 5 star! The service was great, the food was authentic and home cooked, and the restaurant was quaint and comfortable. The chef should be congratulated for keeping the food close to the Portuguese ways!
Great food and great service. We went on a long stroll through Harvard/Cambridge and were very ready for dinner. We started off with the mussels - lovely - and the sea bream was big, fresh and perfectly prepared. It's a charming little spot, and we only wish we had one in Chicago.
Great, small place for Sangria along with Maracujá (Passion Fruit) Pudding. Staff was somewhat friendly, but not as inviting like other Portuguese restaurants in the area.
Unfortunately the food has been hit-or-miss too many times, so I can't really give a higher rating. But I will say, that when it's a hit, it's a hit. Portuguese food is always delicious, and the bife a portugesa and bacalhau are personal favorites from here. The servers are very friendly and it's a nice cozy place.
Our favorite go to place. Very off the beaten path. Reasonable prices and great service. Garlic chicken and poached pear is to die for.
This is a smaller place, so not great for groups.  Great for 2-4 people.  The food's awesome.  Very different from other places i've tried.  Every little detail was good...from the meat to the sides...even the drinks looked good!  The garlic clams are great!  Their bread is cold, but it's ok since I like to dip the bread into the garlic sauce of the clams.  Seafood is definately their specialty.  Parking is scarce so go on a nice day so you can enjoy a 5-8 block walk after dinner.  I'd also recommend crossing the street after dinner to have dessert at Christina's ice cream!
"Small hole in the wall in the middle of a city block in Cambridge MA.
The food was great the Sangria was greater"
Loved the salada mista, Presunto c/ queijo fresco, and Paelha á Marinheiro. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff. Lots of food for the price.
"I really like Casa Portugal for its menu, execution, portion sizes, prices and ambiance. I cannot vouch for authenticity as I haven't gone to any other Portuguese restaurant, but the food is indeed very well cooked and what I would expect from Portugal. If you want to eat fresh fish consistently gourmetized, Casa Portugal is your address.

However, it is very disappointing about the waiter's lack of friendliness. And this is coming from someone who actually gets bothered by false friendliness, but come on... if I go to a restaurant, I expect some kind of engagement from the house, and if I speak to you in your language, at least have the decency to acknowledge that and not go about ignoring my attempts of establishing a nice experience.

I think I'm just sad that Casa Portugal doesn't live up to its potential by lacking on the service side. I'll surely take out food from here, and will have to forego the pleasure of admiring their Portuguese ceramics."
I can't comment on the authenticity but whatever they are serving is delicious. I've been there a few times now and it's always been good - fresh and well prepared. I love the fava bean app, and while some of the prices look high for a hole-in-the-wall type place, the portions are big. The service has been fine in my experience - attentive but not overly sociable. that's fine, I'm OK with being left alone to devour my mussels in peace. Nice wine list too with lots of inexpensive options.
I've been coming here with my (partially Portuguese) family since I was a child and I've always loved the homey atmosphere, the efficient service, and rich, wonderful food. The grilled whole dourada (sea bream) is one of the most delicious meals I've had in Boston. Pair anything, especially sea food, with green wine, which the waiter calls Portuguese gingerale.
"I'm not a Portuguese cuisine expert by any means, so my review is not based on authenticity. 

The restaurant is average and so is the food. I ordered the spicy shrimp dish which was not super spicy at all and was covered in a sauce that was pretty much oil infused with red pepper. It was tasty and the fried chips on the side were great - but really, nothing special. My other dining patrons felt the same way - it was all just... good. 

The service is fine and the atmosphere is standard - not a lot going on. It's not really my kind of restaurant, however, I wouldn't be opposed to coming back. The prices are pretty reasonable and I didn't dislike anything I tried."
Had a nice experience at Casa Portugal last fall.    Food was pretty good, not superb, but I'd certainly eat there again.    The bacalhau was spot on and the service was friendly as well.   I'd give it 6.5 on 10.
"Ever since we moved to Boston about 8 months ago, Casa Portugal has been our ""goto"" restaurant.

The decor is very basic, the service is OK, but the food is always reliably good.  My gf is half portugese and grew up eating bakalau (is that how you spell it?!).  Her favorite dish is of course the bakalau dish.  For me, I usually get the pork with spicy garlic sauce.  Very tasty.  My only complaint is the soggy chips -- it's way to greasy and soggy... they should just do away with the chips altogether.

But for the price, you can't expect everything to be 100% perfect.  This place is cheap enough that you can have a very satisfying meal for under $20 per person.  Oh BTW, try the custard.  It's pretty good."
"Went there on a blistering cold Monday for an early dinner with Mr. R. The restaurant looked modest from the outside, but the inside was slightly better, with small tables laid out on clean floors, and colorful decorations on the wall. A tall, skinny waiter greeted us - described by another reviewer as ""with no smile or personality"" - and I must agree that this was indeed the first impression. Yet quickly I discovered that he only sported a stern countenance that did not match his service. He was attentive, polite, and came to our table at just the right times. When he finally let out a little smile, it was like breaking waves. I remarked to Mr. R how strange but delightful our waiter was, with that caricature visage of his. 

The menu was extensive. For appetizer, we had the Amerijoas a Bohao Pato - little necks sauteed with wine sauce and parsley. It was solid, but nothing impressive, although the sauce was good for dipping. 

Both Mr. R and I decided it was going to be a shellfish night. So I had the Caldeirada, an ""assortment of fish, clams, mussels, squid and shrimp in a red sauce."" Mr. R had the Camarao c/ Molho de Alho, which is shrimp sauteed in butter and garlic. Both dishes were $15, and I was surprised with the sizable portion - especially the Caldeirada. It was indeed a huge assortment of various kinds of seafood, served with delicious yellow rice. I could finish only half of it. The broth was very flavorful and pungent with that distinct smell of shellfish - I personally do like it, but I think it might have been too strong for someone who is not a big fan of seafood. I tried Mr. R's shrimp, which was presented beautifully with shell-on but can be easily peeled or pulled off. The shrimp was very tender, the texture just right, but the butter was a little heavy, and the salt a little too much. I probably couldn't have more than 5, because they were large shrimp. But the texture of the meat was indeed excellent. 

The dessert menu was a small highlight; there were about 6 or 7 items, reasonably priced ($3) and sized. After a full meal, I'd much rather pay $3 for a small dessert than $7 for a huge, 500+ cal. sumptuous feast. 

I had the Natas do Ceu, which the waiter translated as creme brulee. It was not like any creme brulee i've had before, and i don't know if this is just a Portugese thing, but the main body of the creme brulee was more creamy than custardy, with no burnt top. The sweetness was just right, but the texture was a little too rich. Good thing that the portion was small - I was able to finish the whole thing. Mr. R had Spanish coffee, which was coffee with some kind of liquor, served in a wine glass topped with whipped cream. The combo of the coffee and alcohol worked out well, yet the coffee could have been of better quality. 

Being a big fan of fish, I would definitely go back to this place. The price is very reasonable, especially given how big the portions are. Where else can you find a restaurant with such a big seafood menu?"
"Love it. It's mysterious how the staff of this long-standing, family-run place stay slim. The food is rich and piquant: dieters need not apply. The various seafood casseroles and paella become instant favorites of the many guests I've introduced, but I've come to appreciate the more modest options on the right side of the menu, such as the homely-sounding pork cubes and clams, an authentic treat. Everything goes great with Portuguese green wine, which is actually white, very slightly bubbly and as attractively priced as everything else on the menu. Service is old-school professional--quiet, efficient, reserved. I once called in at 4:30PM to see if they could take a party of 30(!) at 5:30PM. ""Sure, no problem."" There was just one guy there when we arrived (the owner), and without batting an eye he seated us, brought out wine and appetizers and took orders solo. A class act."
"Ok ... my wife is Portuguese, her whole family is too.   We've been to Portugal MANY times and quite frankly this is the best Portuguese food, regardless of which side of the Atlantic you want to compare it to.  The frango (chicken) with hot sauce is amazing ... not HOT, but flavorful & spicy.

Many tables around us are all speaking Portuguese... I love this place."
I went here with two friends on Valentines Day and truly enjoyed the experience.  The place was packed but not too loud and clearly full of Portuguese people so I knew the food would be good.  We ordered the grilled sausage appetizer and it was soooo good!  Really crispy outside and just enough spice.  The entrees were also awesome and huge, my rice dish could have easily fed two.  They also have really cheap wine, we ordered a bottle and still the bill for 3 was under $100.  High recommendations!
"Why write a normal review for a venue full of culinary sin
When unstructured words can't convey its delights held within? 

From the grilled bacalhau, stewed beans and piri piri pork steaks, 
To the rice pudding and chocolate mousse-you'll never make a mistake!

It's dining space is friendly- cozy (maybe cramped) and very complete
With tables and green wine aplenty to complement the decorative feats.

Though it doesn't seat many, and customer service is what waiters lack,
The food and authentic corn bread is what makes me always come back.

Any other (like Atasca) to be called Portuguese is simply a joke..
Take it from an immigrant- for Casa Portugal I would gladly go broke!"
"I have always wondered about this place, living near Inman Square and not knowing much about Portuguese food, I finally had a good excuse to try it out with someone who is Portuguese! Score! 

The restaurant itself is actually pretty nice inside, with nice warm colors, and the staff is so so friendly and jokes around with you, made fun of us for getting more sangria--that stuff was so good! I just wish the pitcher was bigger! ha ha 

But the food was kind of hit or miss for me, so I would give this place 3.5 stars, but rounded down for a few food dishes. The one dish that really did it for me was their muscles appetizer. Those were some of the fishiest tasting muscles ever and by fishiest I mean not that tasty. Just sort of tasted weird to me, and you know if you table isn't really fighting over the last few muscles they aren't the greatest. But the sausage and fava bean appetizer was awesome! So flavorful and I wish we had just gotten a bigger bowl of that ha ha

Then Matt J. got Febras de Porco Grelhadas which was a grilled pork piece with a spicy garlic sauce, but the sauce wasn't really that spicy and for me that piece of pork was too thin to be cooked as long as was, so a little tough for my tastes. My dish, the Pescada á Delícia, which was a baked white fish with bananas! Yup! I had never thought of doing that either, but it actually worked I think. My dish was definitely better than Matt's.

All in all, this is a fine place and I would maybe go back to try some other stuff one day, but definitely a hit or miss, so maybe ask the server for their recs if you check this place out!"
Casa Portugal really delivered for me and my friends. We needed a last minute table for a large group on a Friday night and they happily accommodated us. The service was friendly and attentive and they took the time to answer our questions about the menu. The atmosphere had a family vibe and the dishes were the height of comfort food. Every one at the table praised their entree...the Arroz á Valenciana and Caldeirada á Portuguêsa were real standouts. I'll definitely be going back.
"We dropped in for the ""early bird"" - having just driven back to Boston from Portland and in need of an early dinner on a cold rainy day.  Our go-to Portuguese restaurant in Cambridge closed last year, so we ended up taking a chance on a new place.  Very pleasantly surprised. 
 Food was excellent, atmosphere was nice and fit the neighborhood.

We shared two dishes - one was grilled octopus (marinated and grilled perfectly), and the other a bowl of mixed seafood in a red sauce (Caldeirada a Portuguesa) - a good mix of fish, clams, mussels (mostly mussels) and some squid - very satisfying.

My wife also had a glass of house the red - a very generous pour.

Loved it - will be back again!"
Being Portuguese myself I can say that this is the most authentic Portuguese food I've had in the US. They are as good, nay!, better than many restaurants in Portugal. We had the grilled chorizo as an appetizer and for entrées we had Polvo à Lagareiro (octopus in olive oil with baked potatoes and veggies) and the Carne de Porco à Alentejana (traditional dish with pork, clams, potatoes and pickles). Everything was delicious, cooked to perfection. Casa Portugal pays real attention to detail. They have good Portuguese wines (the real deal, the stuff we actually drink over there) and beer (Super Bock!!). Didn't get to try their desserts - can't wait to try the Pastéis de Nata next time! The restaurant itself will show you bits of Portugal and the Portuguese culture. It displays traditional artwork from all around the country. The owners of the place are very nice and friendly and open to chat with anyone interested in learning more about them and the country of Portugal! I will definitely be coming back here many more times in the future!
"Casa Portugal is my new favorite restaurant on this side of Cambridge Street. It's easy to grab a table, the bread basket is good, the olive oil is rich, and the olives are great. 

Here's what I would get again: 
Ameijoas á Bolhão Pato - Little necks, sautèed in olive oil, garlic wine sauce & parsley
Pescada á Delícia - Oven baked whiting with butter & banana
Camarão á Chefe - Shrimp Chef style
Medalhas de Bife - Fried steak medallions, fresh mushrooms, in mustard &wine sauce

Entrees are served with thinly sliced fried potatoes, which sometimes come out crispy and sometimes errs on the side soggy side. Either way, I still end up eating all of them. 

Don't forget to have some Castello sparkly and to end your meal with a cappuccino and a flan."
Casa Portugal is my favorite restaurant for a sit-down lunch, and I eat there at least once a week. The food is always tasty, though every day it can be a little different. I've worked my way through most of the menu and never been disappointed. I usually get a cappuccino, soup, and entree. Many of the entrees (even at lunch) are so big that you could split them with another person. I'm not Portuguese, so I don't know the Portuguese names for the dishes, but the shrimp chef style, bife a portuguese, big-bowl-o-seafood (not its real name... it has caldera in it), grilled calamari salad, calamari dinner entree, and cheese/tomatoes/prosciutto appetizer are all great.
"I met up with a bunch of Media Lab people here for a friend's birthday. I was curious about how Cambridge would do Portuguese food, since that's one cuisine that SE Massachusetts can do better than Cambridge.

I was pleasantly surprised that my fish, egg, and rice dish was tasty, spicy and very delicious. The thin fried potatoes were a good side dish, followed by a house red wine."
"I hesitate to give my review;  if I tell you all how great it is, will it become too swamped for me to get in?

I guess I will, since I'm a lunch guy, and I will hope that you'll all come for dinner.

Good food, good table service, and prices that range from fair to bargain.

My staple is the mixed seafood pasta, and it's great.  I've strayed a few times, and left fat and happy as well. I will note that when they say ""spicy"" for items I've tried, it's been mega garlic, and not a chili pepper kind of hot.

My office is in the area, and it's my current go-to place for business lunches.

It wouldn't be my first recommendation for a classy date, but for a yummy meal at a fair price, this is in my top tier for the neighborhood.

Again, note that I come here frequently, but only at lunch time."
"While visiting Boston we stopped by Casa Portugal for some good ol' Portuguese food.

The service was a bit on the, eh side. Despite a lack of customers we waited for  fifteen minutes to get attended. Similar to other Portuguese restaurants they severed us Portuguese bread while we waited for our food to be served. However, the bread was stale and they gave us no butter. 

I love Portuguese food and I have patience but I was not satisfied with this restaurant.  I was not impressed with their menu or food quality (duck was no good, and no camarao mozambique !!). 

Check out some other Portuguese spots before settling for this one."
"I went here last with a group of six, all of whom knew in advance about the brusque gentleman waiter, so we nice-bombed him and he was actually quite charming and yes, we got some giggles out of it.  

The food was tasty and the olives and bread were a nice touch.  I had the pork & rice plate (can't remember the name and their website is messed up right now) which was very made with a strong and rich and tasty wine sauce.  My husband had a salmon special with perfectly sliced and boiled potatoes, my friend had a tasty and huge (everything is huge) vegetarian platter.  I had the paella the first time I went and enjoyed it immensely. It's a homey, comfortable place and since it's not too big, reasonably quiet."
"My gf and I came here for dinner tonight.  The food was VERY tasty.  The olives and bread (with olive oil) were superb.  We both ordered soup, she ordered the Portuguese soup and I ordered the Caldo Verde.  I'ts Mmm Mmm good!   For main course, she ordered the ""Febras de Porco Grelhadas"" (Grilled Pork Scalloped with a spicy garlic sauce), and I ordered the ""Bacalhau Assado na Brasa"" (Grilled Cod fish with green peppers, boiled potatoes with olive oil and garlic).  We both LOVED our food.  The Bacalhau dish tasted very homemade.  I was very pleased.  =)  
For dessert, we shared a Flan and a glass of port wine.  Again, it was fantastic.  
We will definitely come back.  BTW, the service was great and the restaurant was packed tonight."
The chorizo appetizer (which comes on fire to your table) and spicy chicken entree were fabulous! The chicken was flame grilled with lots of spices and hot oil. It wasn't too spicy and was very flavorful. I came here with a friend who recommended it and knows what to get on the menu.  The service was just fine for us, but it wasn't a terribly busy Sunday afternoon. We'll definitely go again.
"I just love this place.  It's a bit of a drive for us, but we come often anyway.  I especially love the simple grilled seafood dishes, but have also enjoyed chicken and pork dishes.  The fried potatoes are delicious and I love the bread and little dishes of olives.  

I like the service, friendly but not long-lost brother friendly and well paced.  I also love the flan and the meringue and custard dessert, but don't always have room for them.   Portions are more than generous and it's a great (GREAT) place to go with a group and share.  Soups are yummy, too.  Good wine list.  Moderate prices.

Can be crowded on weekends, so make a reservation."
"Smells good as soon as you walk in. we shared a bottle of wine for $15. Reasonable and  tasty!! Food was excellent and also reasonably priced. Waitstaff did not make an impression but, as is true in 
Portugal, we had the table for the night and lingered over dinner and drinks as we caught up on conversation. Better than being rushed by staff. It helps that there was not a wait for a table. I would definitely recommend this place."
We got the sangria which was very refreshing with the fruits! Waitresses were super friendly and attentive. The place was empty when we first got there but sighing 30 minutes it filled up. The. Grilled meats were yummy. Highly recommend the place!!
"Let's face it, Portuguese food is not considered one of the grand cuisines of the world. But it's unique and maybe because it's tier 2 or tier 3, trend-proof. Authentic would be the operative word here, and Casa Portugal is as authentic as can be. Funny, I did not read the reviews before coming, and my friend and I had a fun, somewhat salty exchange with the waiter, but it was spirited. All I could think about was Humphrey Bogart when talking with him, and so gave him a pass for his brusque demeanor - I imagined he had to go save Ingrid Bergman somewhere later on. Food's good, I'll leave it at that. We sat in the back, next to the kitchen and the bathroom, and for whatever reason I could have cared less. It was easy, cheap, and local.

Don't miss the 3 dollar desserts."
I always make sure to have enough room for the bread, olives, Portuguese or Kale soup and Carne Alenjana (pork cubes with potatoes, little necks and marinated veggies) - it's always delicious and the portion of pork can suffice for two healthy eaters - for a cheap under $20 you get 2 soups and the pork dish with all that amazing bread and olives - cant beat that skillfully prepared fresh food!  I have also called in 20 minutes ahead and took food out a number of times.  So worth it!   Enjoy!
Enjoyed the livelihood of this place, but it is a tight squeeze with tables really close to each other. The food also lacked a bit in flavor and the rice seemed not fresh.
Cozy environment, pleasant staff, the food was deliciously flavorful. Well presented and seasoned meals.
It's a cute place.  But food is just so so. Fava beans are from a frozen bag. But the overall tastes are missing. Even the bread is quite sub standard. Density and tastes suggest it's your  typical machine made bread, not baked in an oven. Meh for everything.
"I had an incredible meal here a few Saturday  nights ago. Highly recommend securing a reservation on the weekends (and make sure the res is confirmed) as the small restaurant space gets packed.

The food was incredible. Some of the highlights were the octopus (I've never tasted octopus like this before, it was incredible!), the chorizo, and the whole grilled fish.

Service was wonderful and the wine was good and cheap! I will definitely be returning."
I always get the seafood. Mariscada, bacalao. The preparation is always perfect and they include lobster in the mariscada. One order feeds at least two people. They also include some tasty bread. It's a very quaint restaurant that attracts both old timers and younger people looking for good food at a reasonable price.
"They asked if they could order sangria, and the server replied ""Unfortunately yes, I hate making it."" 

Welcome to Casa Portugal.

Aside from this frustrated, underwhelming gent, Casa Portugal gets it right. The Arroz a Valenciana was rich and hearty with massive clams and shrimp, floating on hunks of chicken, lamb and linguica. Is that a whole squid? Oh snap. Definitely a double meal for a measly $14. 
CAUTION: Quite a few broken/chopped bones in the stew. A friend confirmed ""that's how they roll in Portugal"" so I couldn't complain.

I also sampled a friend's Pescada a Delicia - whitefish with sauteed banana. Pleasant, but maybe too mild for my Americanized taste buds. The thin sliced fried potatoes were highly addictive.

The small dining space is fairly plain, but comfortable nonetheless. You can't beat the Inman location, with Christina's Ice Cream a stone's throw away.

3.5 stars. All for the comida."
Quickly seated. Food ordered and brought out quickly. The best steak I've had in years. Shrimp was also tasty. Desert was on it. Service was quick, polite, and efficient. Great atmosphere.
Being Portuguese and knowing really well the cuisine, this restaurant doesn't do justice to the delicious flavors we have. Both 2 times I went there, I left disappointed. Or because the food was way to salty or because the dish itself was not well made. (in this case was Caldeirada, that for my surprise they served with chips and rice - not boiled potatoes, how it should be). It's not a bad restaurant, it just lacks some truthful routes.
"Casa Portugal has amazing food!! This is one of my go-to restaurants in MA and great for a low-key dinner. 
They have by far the best chicken soup I've ever tried in this entire state. It's tasty and always makes my boyfriend and I feel better on a cold day and especially when we're feeling sick. The chicken meat is real - not those cubed, tasteless chicken pieces you often get from chicken soup - and the broth is nice and thick. 
I also love the Bacalhau a braz - great portion, extremely tasty, and perfect for sharing. 
Do not come here expecting the quick, American service, but actually the more authentic Portuguese service where it's relaxed and you're not being watched eating. They let you enjoy the food at your own pace. Don't be shy in calling them for what you need and you'll spot their passion for this restaurant that does not come off as fake as other restaurants usually do. 
Highly recommended!!"
My family brought my grandfather here for his birthday. He's from the Azores, so we thought this would be nice. The waitress was very helpful and nice and we all got different seafood entrees that we shared and really enjoyed. Prices were very reasonable and everyone left happy. I would definitely go there again.
This place was amazing. The service was great. We ordered the red house wine. It's worth it. We got the Camarao de aperitivo to start and it was delicious. My boyfriend got the bife á potuguêsa and he really enjoyed it. I got the carne de porco á alentejana. It was everything I wanted. If I had one complaint the little necks were too chewy. I didn't eat all of them. Other than that it was a great dining experience!
Small place but very authentic Portuguese meal. I am Portuguese and loved it! I got veal and my boyfriend got a portugese steak which he was so happy with that he wants to go back. Overall we will be back again. Parking can be found in a lot nearby $7
Great dinner. Had the kale soup, grilled squid, and seafood in white wine sauce. All were quick, delicious, and reasonably priced. The lobster was a bit thin but not gonna complain because it's not exactly lobster season. Dessert, Natasha du ceu, was delicious. Not too sweet or heavy but light and heavenly just like it's name suggests. No nonsense service. Feels like I am eating at my Portuguese Grandparents' house..
This cozy neighborhood restaurant has authentic ambiance, delicious food, great service and good prices. What more could you ask for? The only problem is finding parking. This part of Cambridge is crazy.
"The service isnt bad like other people say here. The food is a little over priced personally.  The portions aren't that big either.  The food does taste good though. 
I like the shrimp like empanadas and grilled shrimp.  My brother in law loves there seafood rice.  

I guess location can dictate price of the meal sometimes."
This place was fantastic. Perfect date night! Service was attentive and insightful, the wine list is large but inexpensive, the food offerings were tantalizing. We had the mussel appetizer (mexilhao) and it was delicious, more mussels than we expected. The vinho verde Quinto da Aveleda was delightful and paired well with the seafood entrees, mariscada da costa brava and the spicy camarao. Both of those were mouthwatering, too. We finished off with a Spanish coffee and mango mousse, which were surprisingly inexpensive and so delectable. Highly recommended!!!
Being Portuguese and knowing really well the cuisine, this restaurant doesn't  justice to the delicious flavors we have. Both 2 times I went there, I left disappointed. Or because the food was way to salty or because the dish itself was not well made. (in this case was Caldeirada, which for my surprise they served with chips and rice - not boiled potatoes, how it should be). Also the sympathy of the waiters is not the best. It's not a bad restaurant, it just lacks some truthful routes and need some improvement.
"I had the Caldeirada á Portuguêsa. Red sauce was very bland and overcooked. Just tasted like water. The rice was soggy like it was cooked with too much water and the Batata Frita á Portuguêsa was bland as well. 

The half bottle of white wine was very good and inexpensive. 

Waiter was very quiet and didn't say much except for a quick jab about me not finishing my meal."
"Bacalhau à Braz (main): 5 stars 
Shredded cod fish & crispy potatoes with eggs and onions are delicious just like the ones I had in Portugal.
Shrimp cakes (appetizer) 5 stars: 
Fried dough with shrimp sauce inside is so delicious that I got addicted to it. They are made little so make sure you order at least 3 per person. Also, they are not on the menu, you have to ask.
Arroz de marisco (main): 3 stars 
Rice with lobster, mussels, shrimps was just okay. It's a little spicy. 
Natas do céu/cream from heaven (dessert): 5 stars 
AMAZING! It's not on the menu so you have to ask.
Passion fruit mousse (dessert): 3 stars 
It's good but not amazing.
Pear baked in Porto wine (dessert): 3 stars
Good but not my favorite"
"Alright, I've read a bunch of reviews of this place and the ones who didn't like it seemed to rate it based on the service. There's a point at which food quality and price is so good that I'm willing to completely ignore service, and for this restaurant I'm willing to do just that. We came here for lunch - their lunch menu is all under 10 dollars, so I wasn't expecting much quantity or quality, but this place serves generous portions, and the quality is far above what's expected for the price. 

This place is also one of the few restaurants in the neighborhood open for lunch on a weekday, and I'm glad it's around - I could definitely eat here regularly. It's also not at all crowded and feels very casual in a good way."
Just came back from portugal and this was a great treat  my husband and I loved this restaurant very traditional food
The sliced potato chips were the best thing :) Shrimp were a little over cooked. Lobster was good! Olives nice. Water glass was never empty. Cod was good.
"Like. Buttah.

The sea bream was out of this world!!! Tender white flesh, crispy skin, perfectly seasoned. And the accompanying boiled potatoes and sautéed veggies were delish. I boil potatoes, too...why don't mine taste like this??? My husband devoured half of my fish, in addition do his grilled salmon plate. They were cool with substituting rice pilaf for potatoes too.

I am dreaming about the next time I can visit this place again!!!"
"My experience dining here was close to perfect! Every single dish had robust flavor, including spice and lots of garlic (which my family and I love). The fish was very fresh. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. The actual restaurant is beautifully decorated and the large windows make you feel like you're Oceanside. Even the port wine was lovely. And the prices are unbeatable! I would definitely come here again. Great cozy place for a quiet dinner. 
The only thing that I would change would be the lack of music! I noticed it as soon as I walked in. Some quiet Portuguese music would have added a nice touch."
"Great experience all around. The Arroz di Marisco seafood stew I had was excellent! (with lobster, shrimp, mussels, and clams in a tomato sauce and rice) The side of what looked like potato chips, but weere much softer were so good I ate every last one of them. My friends had a rice and vegetable dish and a rice with seafood dish and both thoroughly enjoyed theirs. (I don't remember the names of their dishes.) The desserts were good too. I had the natas do ceu, a layered cup with mousse, crumbled cookies, and custard. My friends with their pears in a port wine sauce, and rice pudding.

The place was packed full on a Saturday night around 7:30 and it was loud inside, so of course, quiet conversation was out of the question. It's nothing fancy inside or out, but comfortable. It's on a main street (Cambridge St.) and parking is hard to find, but there are some pay lots that are a bit pricey but not too bad. 

Our server was friendly and efficient without hovering or bothering us.

We'll be back!"
"This was my first time sampling Portuguese cuisine.  My girlfriend and I met another couple there for a double date and we went in with high expectations.

Casa Portugal lived up to every single one of them.

I had the fried steak medallions with fresh mushrooms in mustard  and wine sauce and it came with rice on the side.  The beef was just the right balance between soft and firm but the sauce . . .  Holy taste buds, that sauce.  The second it hit my tongue, I felt an explosion of flavor like I've never experienced before.  The odd thing was that it did not taste heavily seasoned and there was no heat to it.  Hot and/or heavily seasoned food is what I'm used to so, as someone who cooks regularly, I wanted to find out how they had managed to fully exploit the mild ingredients they used to make the sauce.  Maybe the alcohol in the wine didn't cook out and I was just drunk.  Either way, it put a smile on my face.  We were having fun with our friends, so I made a mental note to ask the wait staff later.

My better half got a chicken dish in a wine sauce which was also incredible.  I ended up eating half her food.  She had to fight me off a couple of times.  The sauce on her dish was just as flavorful as mine.  I would donate a kidney to the person who invented these dishes.  All four of us walked out thoroughly satisfied.

I never did end up asking the staff how the food was made.  I decided against it because the dish was magical and, as with magic, I preferred not to know how it was done.  It prolongs the satisfaction."
This place did not disappoint!! Nice ambience and delicious authentic Portuguese food! A definite must try if you are in the area!!
This is one of my favorite Portugal restaurants in the Boston area. I like the decorations in the restaurant, and feel that the food is always good and the price is quite reasonable. I especially enjoyed the kale soup, the grilled octopus/squid, the seafood stew (Caldeirada?), and the paella.
"I just had dinner here last night for the first time and it was really great. I'd definitely come back. It's true that the waiter wasn't particularly friendly, it's true, but the service was good and timely. I also imagine the waiter has adopted New England ways and will warm up to you as he gets to know you (i.e. as you frequent the restaurant).

We were served water, bread, and olives upon being seated, and there was already olive oil at each table. We ordered the bacalhau a braz (served with a small side salad) and the whole grilled branzino (it was a special, we were able to choose between fillet vs. whole, and it was served with potatoes and steamed vegetables on the side). Everything was very well prepared/presented and flavorful. The bacalhau a braz was kind of like a scramble with eggs and potatoes, and the branzino was cooked to perfection. We were so pleased with our entrees that we sprung for dessert. The molotof (a meringue pudding) and natas de ceu (cream from heaven) were both very light and made for a great ending to a great meal."
Definitely the best Pork & Clams (Carne de porco al alentejana) in the city.  Homey atmosphere and good service.  If I'm going to be super picky the bacalao abraz needs a little bit of work.  I like more cod and a little less egg - something too soft and mushy about it.  Maybe make the potatoes a little crispier.
"Just went with my girlfriend. Got spicy chicken and Paella a Marinheiro. Both came with rice (very flavorful) and potato slices - sort of a french fry/potato chip thing. The food was great. Definitely on the salted side.
Only downside was price. Just a tad pricey for me. Next time we're adding wine and dessert."
Went there with a friend. Food is average. Serving size is not bad. Service and ambiance is pretty ok too. I have tried better Portugal places in Boston. Bit pricey for the experience that you get here. Tried their Chicken. I personally felt the food we ordered was not really well made!
"If you are uninitiated in Portuguese cuisine, most likely the food here will not convert you. Some people find Portuguese food ""heavy"" and ""oily"". If you are familiar with this food you will probably find something here that will please. The wine list is ridiculously inexpensive with some true gems. They had no veal and only one pork dish this night. We had a prosciutto plate with farmer type cheese tomato slices and onions and hot oil, an auspicious start. Chorico(#), is one of my favorites and we had grilled sausages and sliced sausages cooked with fava beans. Fried potatoes are a staple and three entrees came with these. I had a seafood rice dish but I still took some potatoes. The person who ordered the Cod with the potatoes and boiled eggs was underwhelmed but I thought it was and excellent dish, very authentic. The seafood in my dish was slightly over done but I picked out and ate all the clams, shrimp and squid. I was on a starch overload and didn't finish the rice which was tasty. We were too full for dessert.

* 3.201 stars for the food, our waiter was refreshingly cynical and had a wry sense of humor, I appreciate that. He was also helpful, one star for him.
* a bottle of wine with your meal will not blow the budget. A romantic dinner for two with wine and dessert could be less than $80.
* If I worked or lived nearby I'd be in once or twice a month.
* Get the seafood.
* Small room but cozy.

# Don't pronounce the ""o"" say ""Choreez"""
Cozy spot traditional food from Portugal. The fist is fresh always come to this place. Staff is so nice and they have good wine from Portugal.
Went to this lovely restaurant with my Portuguese friend....it's also one of his favorite spots. The staff were very friendly and the service was great. The food was good. There are a few desert options and they were very tasty! The ambience was nice. I felt the price was good as well.
"This place is no frills-delicious. Like many of the Yelpers have commented, Casa Portugal does employee an less than enthusiastic gentleman who serves the entire dining room, and generally seems irritated to be there. However, the good outweighs the bad!

Portions are extremely generous. Most recently, I had the salad with squid for only $9 and to my surprise, it was a dinner salad, full of leafy greens perfectly dressed with a heaping portion of grilled squid on top. The kale chorizo soup (for $4) is also a favorite of mine.

The dining room itself is fairly small, and the bar seats about 4 or 5 adults, but is never really occupied. Not exactly a happening place, but if you want authentic, well cooked Portugese food (and $5 glasses of house wine), this is THE place."
very Delicious spicy food  and a great price
Had lunch here today and it was terrific per usual.  The lunch menu is a little more limited than the dinner menu but it does have many of the same items -- just smaller portions and cheaper prices.  The Portuguese fries (round cut opposed to the long cut American fries) are to die for.  I have had on different occasions Carne de Porco a Alentejana (pork & clams), Medalhas de Bife (steak medallions), Camaro com Molho D'Alho (garlic shrimp), Camaro Grelhado (grilled shrimp) and the quintessential Portuguese meal Bife a Portugusa (steak with and egg on top) -- it's all soooooo good.  The appetizers & soups are all authentic Portuguese -- the Sopa a Portuguesa (vegetable soup) rivals my own grandmother's version.  We actually got the waiter to crack a smile today -- which he doesn't do very often.  Bottom line --  I love the food at Casa Portugal.
Incredible classic Portugese food. Reminds us of the mother-land. Hands down the best authentic Portugese restaurant in Boston. My boyfriend is first generation Portugese and his family has been going here since it opened in 1996. Soups, steaks, fish, deserts. - you name it, it truly tastes like you are in vacation in Portugal.
"Chicken was good. Ordered a side of mashed potatoes with it. They were not mashed and found myself chewing the potatoes. Huh? 

Got medium spice, which for me is at the top end of my spice level. 

Nando's is one of those places that I totally forget about. I will probably forget about again. It was ok. Don't recommend the mashed."
Greeted with nice service. Order the chicken hot burger with fries. Nicely prepared and presented. The place was clean and welcoming. Will eat again
Good food and good crowd. Seafood is fresh. And the atmosphere was amazing. We got to know and got talking to the people who were sitting right next to us. They even shared with us their homemade desserts. It was such a fun atmosphere. It felt really nice to be welcomed and be part of a community. It was definitely a different experience. The food was also fresh and the drinks were good too. The only thing is when we come back, we have to go early so that by the time our food arrives, we arent so hungry and almost past our hunger. But this is not their fault. They arent restaurant style/type. We knew this but we had to try it. We should have gone there right when they open. What I noticed is that the people cooking are great at what they do but they dont treat the ticket orders as how restaurants do. We notice that maybe due to the small kitchen, they fire up one dish at a time. So we noticed all of the fish steak dish coming out for the entire dining room, then comes next the shrimp dish etc. Then the steak...so the food for our table didnt come out all at the same time and we all didnt eat at the same time. But thats okay, we decided to share it as family style instead so we can all eat and have something. Next time, we know what to expect. The best thing about this place is that you have that table for the entire night! No one is rushing you to leave! Quite a concept for american diners isn't it? We'll be back!
We have been here several times, and we've had several different foods. The restaurant is consistently excellent and I would highlight those delicious cod cakes.
First timer! My boyfriend took me here to share an entree as a light lunch: we got the 1/2 chicken medium spice level with peri peri fries and garlic mashed potatoes. I always have seen other Nando's locations at Metrotown or Downtown but always considered it to be just higher end rotisserie chicken, but boy was I wrong. I sampled a wing portion of my boyfriend's entree and it was flavourful and deliciously charred. The garlic mashed potatoes were also so tasty! At $16 something, it was more pricy than something I could get elsewhere, but overall a fun experience (getting to grab your own sauces, utensils) and I'm glad I tried Nando's for the first time!
This is the best restaurant in the world. My GF and I go here and spend hundreds on chicken and peri fries - absolutely amazing. Would eat again. I'm feeling a hard 5 on this one. I'd say 6 if I could. Love. So much love.
"Extra Hot Peri Peri Sauce is lethal.

Nando's is a healthier, spicier, juicier alternative to KFC and Church's chicken.  They serve roasted chicken instead of deep fried.  Instead of batter, they use a glaze called Peri Peri Sauce which comes in varying degrees of potency.  The ""Hot"" and ""Extra Hot"" variants are strong enough to make you sweat.  Mild versions are safe for kids.

Additionally, you can choose between a quarter serving, half serving or whole serving of chicken.  Should you opt to pick a quarter serving, you can choose from breast or leg.  Price-wise, Nando's is very expensive; you are paying about double what you would for a whole Safeway rotisserie chicken.  But, they do an amazing job of roasting their chicken, and I have never had one that was overcooked or dry.  I can't say that about Safeway's chicken.

You can create combos with mashed potatoes, french fries, grilled vegetables, garlic toast and many other side dishes.  Expect to pay about $30 to feed 2-3 people.

Staff are extremely accommodating at this location.  On our visit, it almost seemed like they were overstaffed.  We had four different staff members come by in a 5 minute span to ask if everything was okay.  This location also had a recent renovation this spring, and the restaurant looks much brighter and airier.  With the number of staff they have, I'm surprised that customers still need to stand in line at the counter to order and pay for the food. Since the food is later delivered to your table by a waiter/waitresses, it would make more sense to have them take the order at the table as well."
"Nando's! My go to choice for a healthy meal.

The peri peri chicken legs are juicy and delicious. The garlic mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables go perfect with the chicken. 

Service is good. I order ahead for take out and it's usually ready by the time I get there."
Nando's chicken is definitely flame grilled.  You can see it and you can taste it !!! Yummm.   I love the hint of spiceness and the chicken pieces were a pretty decent size.  There are lots of side orders that you can get too, from garlic bread, to salads. Unfortunately, I wasn't too fond of the garli peri-peri sauce or the hot peri-peri sauce.
"thought I'd give Nando's another shot. 

This time went to a different location which had just renovated and new owners. 

finally chicken that was moist and not dry or looked reheated. the other store I went to was in Richmond off Ackroyd & No. 3 Rd. 

Thanks you for making my Nando's experience worth while."
Service was great, staff was attentive and friendly. They went out of their way to make sure that our group was enjoying our meal. However I'm not a fan of the chicken, it tasted like any other rotisserie chicken. The rice was a little spicy for my taste. Garlic bread was good though. Maybe we ordered the wrong thing.
This is by far my favourite Nando's location to dine in at. The customer service is above and beyond. Nothing but smiles once you enter the doors. Once seated, they constantly ask if you are doing ok, and if there is anything else they can get you. The food was on point with no complaints. Would definitely recommend to others and will continuously coming back to this location.
"Loved the deco and ambience at this location, I gave 4 stars because the veggies left a slimy taste in my mouth yuck!.
Chicken and Peri fries were good as always."
"Holy crap this Nando's is spicy! And I love it! My favorite is their chicken pita. Their pita was actually fresh, and chicken was moist! 

What else can i say about Nandos, other than, ""go there!"""
"I like every Nandos location I ever go to 
The chicken is flavourful and moist

I like mine spicy so i get the spiciest 

Everyone must try the chicken livers"
I love their chicken. I usually get the hottest and their mashed potatoes are amazing! Everything I've gotten here has been really good, the service can be a bit off soemthign, but the food makes up for it
November 2014 Anyone been by to check out the new design! Phenomenal!!  Food was great, service was great... I'll be back again and again!!
"Peri Peri whaaat!??!

What can i say about Nando's Chicken! Nicely grilled to perfection (well u kinda have to unless u want to order medium rare with a side of salmonella.. bad joke. sorry)  I Love my chicken spicy. the spicier the better is what i always say!  i even bought a bottle of their hot sauce as well as their garlic sauce! and its either the quarter chicken leg (dark meat son!!) and a side of fries and rice! (remember.... im fat!) very flavorful! its certainly a change from the regular fried chicken lovin! ;) I usually go to the Richmond location.. but either location is just as good! consistency is key mr Nando!"
"We have had lunch here on several occasions and every time the service is super and the enthusiastic greetings genuine.
I was not a fan of Nando's until I actually tasted their food.
I am now a Great Fan and would highly recommend the food and
in particular this location in Queensborough."
Staff and service was top notch. Servers and the Manager checked in with us three times.  Frozen yogurt machine just happened to not work and Manager apologized with a refund and gave us an alternate dessert which happen to be very good.
I love this Nandos. Great Chicken every time. This one is not a franchise, it's a Corporate Store, so you get a good mix of staff, unlike day a Subway, where many don't hire anyone except there own family. The staff here a courteous and always cleaning up. They have a manager on duty all the time. They have a discount of 15% for anyone who works in the landing, Casino or Transit yard, in fact many places there give a discount. Prices I find a reasonable and the difference in quality shows, unlike other Nando's, especially the Subpar Metrotown locations.
"I have to agree with the other reviews here,  in terms of portion and quality of food. The menu here is bigger than the Nando's we usually go to by Metrotown and we happened to be in the area so we decided to dine in.

Service was not horrible, a guy greeted us and let us know we could get seated anywhere, and then told us we can go up to order and they would give us a number like usual for someone to bring our order to our table. 

The portion seemed so much smaller than what we normally get at the Metrotown one, and I don't think Metrotown is overly generous or anything."
"Just grabbing a bite of lunch before hitting the casino close by... I'd seen these places around but never really knew what type of food it offered, so today was the day to try it out!
Right from the time we walked in the door, I knew it was gonna be a great experience!
The decor was warm and festive. Kinda of had a Mexican but European flair.
The staff was so kind and friendly, the menu was thoroughly explained. 
Once we made our minds up, we placed our order, had a beer and waited. 
Our food was delivered quickly, presentation was terrific, I wish I took a picture, it really was appealing.
And the quality was top notch, you could visibly see how fresh it was... 
Now the taste test...
I went for the medium peri-peri and it was perfect for me. 
Atmosphere, staff and food was awesome...
The whole experience was excellent.
I would definitely go here again and recommend it to others."
They ran out of chicken!!!we couldn't believe it.......we had to wait an hour and 45 mins.there manager was a huge B!she wore such a low cut top everything was exposed,I've heard she's been written up for that.hello family restaurant,there pop machine was broken telling me it wasn't.i payed three dollars for this pop.finally after we got our meal the real manger came in fixed the pop machine comped our meals,gave us beer and chocolate cake....over all it was kk.
"I admit I am not a regular here, mainly because of the price.  With that said, the food is pretty decent.

Parking is ample thanks to this location being part of a strip mall.  Service is prompt and friendly, and there are also newspapers available.

They have different sized meals ranging from $8-11. You can either get chicken with 1 or 2 side dishes.

The chicken is among the best you can get around here.  The difference? It's grilled, not fried.  Oh, and the Peri Peri sauce is awesome.  There are 3 types, and you can add it all over your rice, fries, or chicken.  The chicken itself comes with different spiciness levels.  I had the Hot (2nd level from the top) spiciness, and hot it was.  They don't weaken it here.  The pieces of chicken are not that physically big though, so don't expect something from the BBQ section of Superstore or Safeway.  This is my biggest gripe. You can leave hungry if you're not careful.

$10 for a chicken meal is a bit on the expensive side in my books, but maybe it's because I'm used to eating (cheaper) Asian food."
"A good quick little lunch spot.

enjoyed the chicken skewers with the rice for a lunch.

Well prepared and seasoned. Like the variety of menu choices and the hot sauces available to spice things up."
"The Queensborough Nando's recently provided catering services for a staff Christmas party, and I was thoroughly impressed.  We ordered food for 60 people, including 2 large peri peri platters, wings, and sides of mashed potatoes, rice, veggies and garlic bread.  As we have some vegetarians on staff we also ordered a large platter of vegetarian wraps, portabello wraps, and sandwiches.

The order was supposed to be ready at 6:00 pm, and when I walked in the door at 6:00 pm they were closing up the last tray.  The food was hot, fresh, tasty, and extremely well packaged in large sturdy aluminum trays that were the perfect size to drop directly into my chafing dishes.

They say that a large peri peri platter will serve up to 25 people, and it will, easily.  The portions were very generous, and they made sure to include all necessary sauces and accompaniments.  The vegetarian options were hearty and tasty, and best of all the price paid for what we received was an excellent value.

I would highly recommend this Nando's location if you need catering services, either large or small.  I've seen some older reviews here that aren't the greatest, but I believe there's been a definite turn around.  The franchisee, Jason, and all his staff did a great job, and in listening to their interactions with other customers I believe that they really do care about providing a great service experience for their guests.  I've been in the food and beverage industry myself for many years, so these are all things that I tend to notice when choosing an establishment for dining out.

Kudos to Jason and his staff for a job well done."
"I am a fan of the Nando's Chicken chain; anytime you pour hot sauce on anything I will generally like it.

Not for the faint of heart (well at least those with a low tolerance of hot food) their peri-peri sauce is simply addictive. Have started my peri-peri obsession with trying it on a baked potato, I have branched our and tried a variety of the chicken offering - my personal favorite is the chicken pita without tomato and ""hot"" chicken (note: me being someone who dumps crushed chili paste into my food without issues deems this to be hot). 

If you are less apt with spicy food they offer ""medium"" hotness or if you really don't handle it well they have a lemon garlic sauce as well.

My suggestion for hot food lovers - get the hot or extra hot, come with a supply of kleenex as it will make your nose run, your face flush and maybe you'll sweat a little bit."
The service at this Nando's is amazing. Popped in here for lunch on a Thursday afternoon and the very courteous and friendly young male staffers greeted customers at the door and followed up with customers after their meal. This is unheard of!! I normally don't eat here but will now be a frequent flyer knowing that staff and management take pride in their work.
We can't get Nando's in Seattle so it's been our tradition to stop by every time we head to Whistler! The service is quick and friendly. We love the peri peri flavors and hot spice level is just perfect! We tried the new nando's the dried rub wings this time and while it was good we thought it was a bit salty.
"I've been to a few Nandos locations and they all pretty much have the same standard and vibe. This location is no different. We got a salad and I got the peri peri chicken burger. 
My spice tolerance is embarrassingly low, but I still sprung for the medium level as I didn't want a bland burger. This restaurant isnt like most. The level of spice indicated is what you will get. Medium was perfect as I definitely felt the spice - cue my nose running, but it wasn't so overwhelming that I couldn't taste anything else. If you've got more of a indian taste for spice the hot and extra hot level will be more satisfying. 
Service was really good. At the Guildford location once we got our food that was the end of us interacting with any of the staff. But here the staff regularly checked in to see how the food was and if we needed anything else. The attentive service was appreciated."
"Recently re-opened under new management, this Nando's location delivers great service and high standard Nando's famous items!

Most Nando's locations have different interpretations of interior design that reflects the S. African/Portuguese influence, and this location also shares this design concept! Cheerful, individualistic & user friendly!

I particularly like the Chicken Liver here, its grilled to perfection, texture is creamy and rich, you will have a choice of Garlic toast or Portuguese Bun, perfect for soaking up the delicious sauce!

I find the chicken here are grilled perfectly as the skin are crispier then a few other locations, even thought we have a Nando's where I live, but I will prefer to come to this location just because of this reason! 

Remember, you have a choice of different spicy level, I usually go for medium and ask for more spicy Peri-peri Sauce on the side, just in case you want to kick it up a few notches!

Service is very friendly and all the Covid precautions were adhered, plenty of free customer parking at this mall!

(during Covid, fountain drinks are not available, you will have a choice of bottled soft drinks)"
"Cured a hangover quite well.

Went for the chicken whole wheat wrap with fries and vitamin water. Pricey at $14, for lunch anyways. Chicken was fresh, though I dosed each bite with their peri sauces (worth taking home). Fries were a McCain rendition but I needed the grease.

The two ladies at the front were somewhat entertaining. They kept bickering at each other about stuff. Odd couple."
"Went here with my nephew last Friday night

We did not eat, but the food looked Great !

Our group ordered a few drinks and they were very reasonable

My impressions were Great People, Great Atmosphere, and it was so refreshing that everyone both young and old we're all having a wonderful time together!

This place will be Rocking on Sunday for the EURO 2016 Final Portugal vs France !!!!"
The best cod I have ever had. Ever. The food is amazing and the prices are excellent. The service could be better but, aside that, we had a very good time.
Absolutely love this place!  To enter through the doors of this restaurant is like being instantly transported to a warm Mediterranean country. Enjoy great (slow) food, surrounded by people of all ages breaking bread together and celebrating being alive.
We have been here several times, and we've had several different foods. The restaurant is consistently excellent and I would highlight those delicious cod cakes.
Great food (specially the fish, I've been there about 4 times and it's always as fresh as can be!), good wine (portuguese vinho verde), very relaxed, very loud. It's a great place for a big group, just remember to call before to make a reservation (the restaurant only works on fridays). I'd recommend going with a portuguese-speaking person, since their menus are only half-translated into english... Great place if you're portuguese and missing home food. Also, the price is very accessible and the bar is open until 2 am, so you can just move from the restaurant to the bar for a few more drinks.
"Excellently authentic Portuguese food with lots of fresh seafood options. It's all about the good food at great prices. $10-$15 for a wide array of entrees and specials. Drinks are incredibly affordable!! 

The ambiance is charming and old. The room is like a old style dining hall with folding tables and plastic table cloths. Lots of Portuguese families sharing a meal together. It's fun!"
"The seabream is excellent. Anybody from Mediterranian region, or anybody that likes fish for that matter, will love the seabream (dourada in Portuguese). The menu is updated, so now you have the translation of everything in English. The price is very affordable too. There are other fish selections too, such as seabass or salmon. For non-fish eaters, other types of meats are offered as well. And appetizers such as cod fish cake etc. taste very good too. And when you complement it with Sagras, the Portuguese beer - words can not describe it! I would not write this review and not share this secret if the restaurant lately has not been so empty. Good in terms of loudness, but bad in terms of business; and I want this local to stay open. As other posters mentioned, it is open on Friday evenings (apparently, it is also open 5 days a week during lunch time; however, I haven't tried it). Occasionally, when it is too crowded, the service can be slow, so come here in a relaxed mood instead of being in a hurry. 
In short, don't expect too much from the ambiance, but the food and the prices are simply excellent."
Great place for Portuguese food and socializing. Came for the weekly Friday night dinner. Food was amazing, can not go wrong with seafood platters and the Sangria. Staff was friendly and inviting!
The closest to Spain you can experience in Boston: slow service, waiters don't speak English, plenty of sea food - and, it's worth putting up with anything. Only open on Fridays, take reservations for 6+ people. Be ready to spend there a few hours.
Boa comida e atmosfera divertida.
Heard so much about this place and finally got to try it! Open only Thursday and Friday--it really isn't a restaurant! Food was great. Husband wasn't a fan of his steak, but I absolutely loved my seafood casserole and the mussels and fish cakes we got for appetizers. Also, be prepared to WAIT, and have food served whenever. My seafood casserole was last to be served and was served a good 45min after the first entree appeared. That's usually not OK with me, but the food was well worth it. We were there for 3+ hours, just eating, with no drinks. So, waiting is a thing here.
"As simple as THIS IS THE BEST RESTAURANT IN TERMS OF PRICE / QUALITY IN BOSTON.
I have been living in Boston for about 8 years but am originally from Barcelona.
Unfortunately in this city, most meals that are decent will cost you roughly +$30 and not always including a beverage.
After long waiting, I'm happy to say that I've found this gem in the heart of Cambridge."
"Few restaurants in the U.S.A. match Faialense Sport Club's blend of authenticity, quality and price. Having recently been to the Azores we were eager to try the food here and we were not disappointed. This may be my favorite place in all of Boston.
This is a wonderful place to go with groups, but the service can be slow, which shouldn't bother you as the conversation will be lubricated by the very reasonably priced wine.
Also, make sure you bring cash, cards are not accepted."
Best Portuguese Food ever. Simply delicious and well done. They truly know what they're doing. The atmosphere is cosy and typical portuguese (only a true portuguese knows).
"Nando's Chicken,...You need to stuff Nando's chicken in your face-hole now! A healthy alternative that tickles your tongue and teases your taste buds,.. compliment it with some of their flavourful rice, and don't be a wuss,...use lots of the hot sauce! 
I FRICKIN' LOVE IT!  U will 2..."
"We bought a groupon a while back and finally decided to use it. I'm typically not a huge fan of franchise type restaurants but I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised.

We received a friendly greeting from the young lady taking our order and did not have much difficulty figuring out what to order since the menu just involves chicken in various forms. We opted for the medium spiciness which was perfect for us -  a little zip without the lip burn. We also opted for the side spring greens for an extra $.75 instead of the fries, or potato or rice.

My chicken breast was large and moist and the salad fresh and plentiful. My husband had the double leg plate with one of the legs as moist and juicy as my chicken but his other leg being a little tougher.

I'm not sure if Nandos will become part of our regular dining out repetoire but if we are in the mood for some spicy grilled chicken I would not hesitate to return."
For fast food, Nando's can't be beat. I've eaten at this location over 5 times and the food is always consistent Nando's. Not fine dining but give me Nando's over any other fast food joint any day. Yum. I've always been there in a weekend, and service has been friendly, efficient and always get our order correct.
"Have been to this location many times.
I always get the chicken breast sandwich (medium) with peri fries or peri rice.  The food is always excellent.  This location has messed up my order a few times, but it was a long time ago and stuff happens.

Although it could still be considered fast food, you can taste the freshness in the ingredients they serve.  They use good quality ingredients and there is a BIG difference.  I wouldn't call it cheap, but the prices are reasonable.  We usually end up spending about $10 per person.

Service is good, orders usually come out within 15-20 minutes tops.  They seem to always have friendly employees.  Metered parking out front, but plenty of free street parking around the corner."
"Haven't been here in years and it's nice to see they renovated it. 

This is definitely not ridiculously cheap fast food but it's still fast food in that it's relatively quick. I'd say this is an alternative to Swiss Chalet chicken and with a smaller menu. If you're expecting McDonald's speed, please don't come here. You'll wait longer for your food but isn't it nice to know that it's not chicken that's been sitting there all day on a hot plate? There's actually people back there cooking chicken, seasoning it etc?

The medium peri peri spiced chicken was delicious. It's ""wetter"" on the outside than I remember. I remember a dryer rub but it was still really moist and delicious. The rice is definitely not as good as it used to be but it's decent. The potato wedges I got weren't seasoned well and it was soggy which was disappointing. The chicken livers weren't grilled as dry as I like but that's personal preference. The sauce on it was spot on. I'll probably be cooking it a bit more, pureeing it and turning it into pate. 

Overall a pretty delicious meal. The weather today is fantastic so we had it to go so we could enjoy it at the park. If you're going to eat it anywhere else not within sink distance (for washing sticky hands), I highly recommend wet wipes!"
Great food! Pleasant staff. A healthier option to most fast food joints in the area.
Nando's has great grilled chicken and a good variety of sauces to make your mouth and nose water.   Yummy!!!
"One of the better ones, with more booth seating than any other Nando franchise that I could think of.

For what you get, I consider this expensive considering that you can get a whole chicken for what you pay for a quarter leg lol.  Sure, the price of having someone cook for you, i do get it.

Actually the fries here are pretty good, & their spiciest peri sauce does have some kick to it.

It's pretty casual to eat & work here, staff's pretty friendly and fast as it's rarely busy in Kerrisdale haha.

Lots of street meter parking."
Best Nandos because it has free parking and great staff. Sometimes they put sauce on everything but they make it better when you send it back and it's all good. Would highly recommend this place. They should open 24 hours. There aren't enough restaurants in Richmond that open 24 hours.
I had eaten at several Nandos in England, but I decided to take my husband to one on our honeymoon so he could try the delicious chicken. Needless to say, he was very impressed. This particular Nandos was out of rolls the day we went but they had Portugese bread, which turned out to be quite good. We got the whole chicken with the mild flavoring and split it between the two of us. We tried the lemon garlic flavor but the particular batch we tried was very lemony, so we were happy with our choice of mild. All in all, very good.
"Great chicken. I go for the hot peri peri because the extra hot is kind of an uncomfortable spiciness for an entire meal (but it's great to try!).

The service is friendly and overall a great place to be a regular."
I went in with my friend last night and looked at the menu before ordering.  The cashier was nice and asked us if it was our first time.  We said yes and when we asked him questions about the menu, he was very kind and polite.  We ordered the meal that came with 2 regular sides, 2 skewers, 5 chicken wings, and half a chicken.  For the two sides, we ordered fries with per-peri flavouring and the rice.  The food came really quickly!  In around 5 minutes, we had everything on our table.  The fries were really good, still hot from the fryer but the rice was a bit on the lukewarm side.  The chicken was alright, a bit dry and a bit burnt as well.  However, the service was really good; two people would circle around the small restaurant asking if everything was alright and if we needed anything.  The take out boxes we asked for were delivered shortly.  In general, very nice atmosphere but would not come back again because I didn't like the dry chicken.
"As far as flame grilled chicken goes, my favorite is Nando's.  I've been to many Nando's and this one is one of my favorites.  Since it is close to my workplace, I am a regular here.  The restaurant is always clean and for some reason it is never too busy during lunch time.  The service has been great - although sometimes it does take them unusually long to have my order ready.
The best deal in town is on Mon, Wed and Thurs when they have the double leg lunch special for only $6.99.  That is a great deal."
Always delicious and worth the money. Great hummus, chicken, rice, veggies, etc. I would definitely recommend this location for a satisfying warm dinner at a good price. Staff here is friendly and service is fast!
"I was going to have an BBQ party but with over 20 people coming I know it would be to much work. So instead I got Nando's to Caterer it for me. It only came up to $10 a person and the food was astounding. Aside form their great chicken I got the assorted peri veggies, corn on the cob, veggie burgers, baked potato and the Mediterranean salad.
Best of all they delivered it to my house"
The hubby and I ate here because it was the only thing open at the time while we were travelling through Kerrisdale. I have to say that it was pretty expensive for a place that felt like a fast food restaurant. The food was definitely better than fast food, however. There just wasn't anything spectacular about it that makes me want to really come back. Maybe it was the squealing kids throwing food around the place that completely sucked the joy out of it. I'll make sure to write a follow up review next time we return.
"I love their Peri Peri chicken. Its in the fast food category but not really. It was so good, one time I basically had Nando almost every day for a week. That is how good it is. I always get the lemon and herb with a kick. For the best deal get a whole chicken and split it but again it really depends if your friends are willing to split it with you. For side, my favorite is mash potatoe, corn and coleslaw. I am not a coleslaw fan and they make super good coleslaw. Very fresh. But I am guessing those are the best seller.

I one time got the Ceasar Salad side and I would say its a hit and miss. The green wasn't that green. 

Love their chicken. Definitely will always come back.

Joke of the day, the Davie Nando location is on dine out Vancouver menu. And yes you could make a reservation. LOL"
Delicious and awesome service by the Irish guy and the guy from Cameroon. I work for a high end wilderness lodge and if I was our HR Manager I'd hire them in a second. Their service actually prompted me to leave this, my first Yelp review
I usually love Nando's, but this location not so much. I ordered my usual chicken wrap and what they served me was absolutely tiny compared to the wrap I get at other locations. For $12 I would expect more.
Feed you body and soul. Spicy, reasonable, friendly, efficient. The people who run this place deserve a BBB award (if there's any such thing). They take care of their customers and value patrons.
Great service and attention. Most restaurants have ditched customer service during the COVID scare. All interactions with the staff were very pleasant. Management should be commended!
The staff working here were so polite and welcoming. I wasn't expecting to be treated so well in the beginning, but they went above and beyond to make sure I had everything I wanted. Great service and food!
"Good location in the heart of Kerrisdale. Liked the chicken here. They are quite busy tonight. The hostess told us that the wait for the food weighs be about 30-40 minutes. We decided to stay. The wait didn't feel very long. Once the food came out. The chicken was great. The potato thins are and to try. My wife and I enjoyed those during our meal. 

Ambiance of the restaurant was good. And the service was really good. The waitress that served us and took care of our table needs and was attentative. That was a detail in her service that was definitely not overlooked. There are bottomless drinks here at the machine. So you can drink as much pop as you'd like or be able to handle (wouldn't recommend driving too much!). 

Nando's is recommended especially for anyone who is looking for a good restaurant that serves chicken. This is the place for it. Parking on the street is available but it is paid parking. Could probably park at the underground parking for London Drugs for about two hours."
Always awesome! Great vegetarian options too! Best little spot in Kerriadale and open late!
Surprisingly the best Nando's I've tried so far (compared to Richmond & New West). Their chicken is moist and the peri peri fries and wedges are nicely seasoned. Both came out piping hot but if you're in a rush I wouldn't recommend eating here. It took quite a while for my food to get to the table.
"Bem Bom. More than just a fun name. The boy and I were at the World's Largest Food Truck Rally, and this was our last truck stop. It was near the end of the rally, so this was one of the few trucks still open. The line was quite daunting, so I walked around while my boyfriend suffered through the wait. 

I was not too interested in the cuisine (Portuguese), but Emilio M. really wanted to try a burger. He was especially interested in the lamb burger. Another drawl for him was seeing ""Chef Chico"" painted on the truck. He did not who the chef was, but he is a sucker for anything that has to do with chefs, and new cuisines.

I saw the fries that other patrons ordered, and they intrigued me. The fries were called truffle fries, and reading the description I became worried that the fries would be too spicy, but I still wanted to try them. The grated cheese on top was especially enticing. Go, cheese!

After the long wait, we finally sat down to eat. I ate some of the fries, which were good, but a touch too spicy for me. My boyfriend enjoyed the lamb burger for the most part. A downside was that he ordered it medium rare, and it was definitely more on the rare side. I am guessing they wanted to push out the food quickly with the big crowd, so probably did not cook it as long as they should have. I might be open to trying one of their other menu options, but only if there was not a long wait time."
"Disregard the fact that this culinary expertise takes place in a food truck setting and treat yourself to five star food prepared by a five star chef. Being someone who gets to travel all over the country and entertain my clients at some of the best restaurants Chef Chico is second to none.  His passion for what he does bursts out in every item on the menu and anyone trying it for the first time will not be disappointed. I know the name ""Bem Bom"" means ""good good"" but to just call it good is a tremendous understatement.  Chico's talent and vision on the pairing of different ingredients will make a memorable dining experience for all who find their way to that sharp black truck.  Keep doing what you do Bem Bom.....we all need some great food in our lives!!"
Got the $10 rock shrimp tacos and the shrimp itself was very salty. Overall a decent taco but a little too much spice for my personal taste. I loved the fresh veggies but too many made it hard to hold. My friend enjoyed his fish tacos, but also commented they were a bit too spicy.
I ate here during Food Trucks Fridays at RDV Sportsplex. I ordered the Rockin Taco and was a little annoyed at how long it was taking to make but when I saw the chef hand roasting my corn, my attitude changed! The taco was delicious! I will be back!
"Stopped by this truck this morning at Lake Eola at the SPCA Paws in the Park event. 

My husband and I ordered the Bomb fries to share. Delicious!! Fries were perfectly cooked and crispy topped with bits of basil, chopped red peppers and some Parmesan on top with a taste of a light truffle oil.  There had a kick with the peppers but we couldn't stop eating.   The next time they are are at an event I will make a point to order from . The menu selections looked very appealing with lots of different flavors."
"We always pick up Natas here (the egg custard tart). They are great and the rest of the food looks awesome,  but three different times they have forgotten about our order for more substantial items.

We would order more but it takes long enough just to get two small little tarts that you just have to pop in a toaster oven, I can't imagine how long a full meal would take.

The poor guy who always takes our order is very nice and apologetic while reminding the cooks about us and trying to get them to hurry.

At one point one cook took a smoke break while we watched him still forget to pop our tarts in the oven. Will probably avoid coming back next time : (

UPDATE: Chico M., the owner contacted me apologizing for the service and offering to give us our next meal on the house, so I definitely appreciate that gesture and will go back and update my review after I try more menu items."
The Food Truck Bazaar came to Debary and I am so happy I tried Bem Bom. The order taker was enthusiastic and friendly. I had the chicken sandwich and it was delish! Fresh produce and jack cheese topped the juicy chicken with just enough kick!
"I really dug this food truck because there are so many exciting flavors. 

I shared a Piri Piri Chicken sandwich, Mango Painted Fish Tacos and the Bomb Fries. 

Bomb French fries have a little truffle oil and some Parmesan which means they are a bit addicting. 

Mango Painted Fish Tacos were ""fan effing tastic"".  This was a great take with a flavorful slaw, avocado and then the mango dressing really made it amazing.  As a fish taco lover I give this one 2 thumbs up. 

The Piri Piri chicken sandwich will leave you wondering why you ever had any other chicken sandwich. The flavor and spice elevates the sandwich ten thousand feet..

The chicken is nice and moist. Sometimes starting with great ingredients does the trick as this chicken is local and natural. 

The Piri Piri sauce adds the heat with a little cheese and some pica de gallo  this makes every other chicken sandwich I've ever had feel boring. 

This gets my vote for Orlando food truck must try, Absolutely delicious."
"Not bad! I don't know much about Portuguese cuisine so this was an exciting truck to try.  

I ordered the mahi taco and it was ok, a nice spicy kick but I would've really liked a sweet addition like a mango slaw or salsa to match with it. It just needed that pairing, I think, especially with fish. A messy meal but a unique one - I heard other diners compliment the chef on the pork so I think I'll order that next time. I would humbly suggest that whoever the blonde is prepping the food (I didn't see one in the truck) might consider wearing a hair net. We found a long blonde hair buried in one of the tacos among the cabbage. It won't stop me from ordering again but, blegh!"
"All of my employees go into spasms at the thought of Bem Bom coming anywhere NEAR our office plaza. This is, hands down, the best food truck any of us have experienced. We will drive 20 minutes away from the office to get lunch from here. We all love the mushroom quesadilla and we'll split a couple orders of those along with the shrimp or quesadillo tacos. The piri piri sandwich is also a favorite, and we love to split a couple orders of the crazy good fries, too. 

Yes, the food is spicy and flavorful and super fresh. The owners are more than happy to have an order ready for pick-up if you just text them in advance. We've never had to wait in line because we always text at least an hour in advance. We will happily return to Bem Bom every time they're around the John Young area."
"Outstanding first food truck experience. I ordered the ""running duck"".  Delicious duck in a soft taco with a great jicama slaw and crispy duck skins atop.  Wonderful textures and flavors. Heavenly. On a return visit I ordered the same thing and was not as impressed--luke cool and very little duck (and they take a lonnnng time to prepare).  I sent friends here on a third visit and they had no duck at all.  They had the mango painted fish tacos and raved though.  I pulled a star for the inconsistency but hope everyone is lucky and gets the five-star experience I had my first time here."
The piri piri chicken sandwich is probably one of the BEST chicken breast sandwiches I have ever had!  The marinade is so delicious, the pico de gallo spot on, and the Portuguese bun crunchy.  This place just ROCKS!!
"When I went to the Food Bazaar event in Casselberry this was the first time I saw Bem Bom there so I had to try it! The service was great and fast! 
I got their Mushroom and Truffle Quesadilla. It was Amazing! To go along with your quesadilla was salsa and sour cream with a splash of lime juice. 
I would definitely recommend this food truck to anyone."
"Really, really good food. I had the Piri Piri chicken prego  and it was amazing. Had some kick, which is a good thing! Would absolutely hunt this place down again. 

My only complaint is they were tucked way in the back of the hotel they were parked at. It made them very hard to find. BB guys, if you read this, you should get some cheap stick in the ground signs to put up closer to the road when you guys are hidden in back like that."
"Tried the Bem Bom Food Truck while they were parked outside our apartment complex and loved my experience. Before heading out of my apartment I looked up their menu online. While they do have a limited menu, of course, the carnitas caught my eye. So I headed out to buy my food. Sadly the carnitas tacos were not available anymore. The chef jumped in and explained they sold out earlier and it took him a couple of hours to prepare the meat for the flavor. I thought it was pretty neat that he went into an explanation of his quality product rather than just saying ""no."" I decided to get the fish tacos. While I waited for my order I saw an order of Bomb fries being prepared and they looked so good I had to place an order for myself. When I finally got my food I absolutely LOVED the artistic presentation. You would've never thought it came out of a food truck. There was also a lot of color to the dish. Entrees cost about $10 per dish. The fries were $5 and they are my favorite. The fish tacos were delicious but very spicy. I would definitely eat here again if I come across the van."
Waited in a pretty long, slow moving line to experience this and was quite disappointed.  Tried the mushroom quesadilla.  It was good but so greasy and nothing special?  Water bottles were $2 each when other food trucks present were selling them for $1.  They didn't have dessert on the menu.
"If you're having an event and Bem Bom is there, I will be there in line. The food is fresh, innovative and awesome. The spice and flavor is unbelieveable.

One of my top 3 Orlando Food Trucks!"
"This food truck has awesome food. I have had the mango painted shrimp which is a blackened fish taco with delicious radish slaw then drizzled with an avocado and mango sauce. Today I had the mushroom truffle quesadilla made with portabello mushrooms and loads of melted monterey jack cheese cooked with truffle oil. This is decadent treat full of flavor.

The sides of pico and crema are excellent compliments to dip into. I highly recommend this quesadilla."
"The Summary: 
I can be stingy with stars but honestly, BemBom rocks. Great food lots of flavors and options, always consistent, super great staff and very clean. Absolutely amazing. I see this truck at least once a week because every Monday they park in the plaza I work in. 

The Breakdown: 
The truck is always so clean, the two or three guys that are always in there are sweet and accommodating. When it's cold, they let me sit in my car and they deliver it to me. Also, if you are inside the bar that they are parked in front of, they deliver it in there, too. 

I get the BOMB FRIES every time and they are always consistent. Lots of truffle flavor, big spice (they have a few different peppers in there) and lots of grated cheese on top. I think about these fries all week long. I LOVE the Chorico tacos. Spicy, saucy, amazing. SO much flavor. They are probably the messiest thing on the menu so NOT the best option if you're on a first date. 

No matter what you get, ask for a side of Lime Crema. You will thank me. 

Also, if you are Veg/Vegan, you won't SEE much on the menu for you (well, Bomb Fries and Mushroom Tacos are veg) but if you ask them, they will SERIOUSLY hook you up. 

I can imagine at a big event it would take a little longer to get the food, but I always get mine pretty quickly. 

If you see them parked and serving up food, try ANYTHING. It's sure to please."
This has become one of my favorite food trucks!  The guys that run it are so nice and the food is excellent!  So far my top favorite are the duck tacos and the fries.  I haven't tried anything I haven't enjoyed though.  That includes the shrimp tacos, pork tacos, chorizo tacos, and one of the desserts that is a custard.  I love that they use soft corn tortillas for the taco shells.  The ingredients are very fresh and tasty!  I'm excited to try the rest of the menu.
Braised pork sandwich is so tender and juicy, lots of cilantro on it, just to let you know because some people don't like it but I am sure they would leave it off if you asked.  This was a huge sandwich, filled me up for the rest of the day.  This was the second time the truck came to my workplace, hope they will be back on a regular basis, I would like to try the Mango crusted fish next time.
"Why 3 stars? Because I'm rounding down from 3.5.

   ---   ---   ---

I hit up Bem Bom at the World's Largest Food Truck Rally in Tampa. I'd wanted to try them since the last rally, but I never made it out, so I was really excited to try Portugese food for the first time in my life.

I went with two tacos - the carnitas and the rockin' taco with shrimp. I also ordered the truffle fries, something that is always near and dear to my heart. The tacos were good, but they I'll be honest, I didn't absolutely love them the way I thought I would.

On top of that, I easily waited 20 minutes for these tacos after ordering, which is definitely the longest time I've ever experienced at a truck. Not complaining about high quality stuff, but I think signage or being alerted of that by the guy who took my order would alleviate that frustration."
This restaurant was close to where we were staying in Salem. We primarily went there for breakfast and were never disappointed. The one dinner we had was good to. This will be our go-to restaurant while we're in Salem.
"The service was just okay, but the food completely makes up for it. We both got the lobster ravioli, which is to die for. The alfredo sauce is delicious. It came with 2 slices of garlic bread and a large salad! For an appetizer, we had the fried artichokes in garlic sauce, which were unique and amazing. The house ""wicked"" wines were very good. I would go again just for the delicious food."
Greek omelet was so light and fluffy! Full of spinach, tomatoes and of course feta. One of the best feta! The feta is nicely salted and creamy while others tend to be overly salty and hard. Nice and clean, very open and bright after renovation. Job well done inside.
awesome fresh food. my entire family enjoyed the food. definitely has a choice of decent fresh food. our server mark b was on point!!  we will definitely come back!!
Enjoyed the veggie fajitas, fisherman's platter and lemon meringue, and all 3 are outstanding! Thanks Yelp for the great deals!
"Best place ever !!!!! Breakfast, lunch or dinner this is the place to go! 

The restaurant is very clean even behind the bar! The decor is really cool paintings all around very fun to look at. 

Bartenders are super nice and drinks are delicious. You have to go on a Sunday night! 21 plus! Good times ;)"
I have been hesitant to try Brothers Taverna because I was traumatized with the old Brothers Deli....1000% better. I was very impressed with the new management and the food is not even compared to the old...a must go!
Amazing food and breakfast all day is so awesome and the service was wonderful! highly recommend this restaurant when visiting Salem.
"It's still good! 
It might not have been the best move to re-configure, re-brand, re-make and remodel as Brothers Taverna. In fact it was a classic case of ""If it ain't broke...""
But go anyway. Fries amazing. People nice.  Prices good. The kids couldn't get enough mashed potatoes. Stuff is fresh."
"***ALL NEW

Now its Brothers Tavern and they serve beer and they have high tops and waitresses and its totally different! I love it!"
Very friendly wait staff. The kitchen though messed up both our orders. Was very excited for a linguica omelette and got kielbasa instead. They brought out a side of linguica but wasn't the same. My wife's was also wrong but we liked the food. Generous glass of OJ was nice as well. If kitchen can get order right would add another star. Has parking out back which is huge for Salem
I came here on vacation with a friend and there were only 3 tables that had people seated and a LOT of workers. We sat there at our table for 25 Minutes before anyone even ACKNOWLEDGED WE HAD BEEN SITTING THERE. Avery disappointed in the service.  The food however was fresh and very good.
Was looking for a place to have some breakfast in Salem and came across Brothers. Best choice we made all day. The chowder exceeded expectations and the breakfast food was fantastic. I would recommend getting anything with the sausage gravy.
Great breakfast and excellent location.  Nice place, very modern and clean. Good service and excellent prices.
Delivery available through Grub Hub and Foodler! We were incredibly hungover one Sunday and slept all day. By the time we woke up, all diners and breakfast joints were already closed. Low and behold I came across Brothers Taverna on Foodler and they served AND delivered breakfast until 9pm! Score! We both got omelettes, (Meat Lovers and Corned Beef Hash) both were delicious! Hash browns were OK and the home fries lacked a good flavor, but still good and hit the spot for a hungover breakfast at 4pm. Prices are a little high for the take out portions, but we would definitely order again!
There aren't a lot of good choices for breakfast around 8:30 in Salem, but this looked promising. Parking outside which was great. Not too busy for a Saturday. Big menu. They'll even prepare lunch items early for you which is nice. I ended up going with the artichoke heart benny. I can't resist artichoke hearts! My friend got a Greek omelette. The home fries were so good. Just the right spice level. The beans were good too and a nice side choice. The breakfast menu looked great compared to the lunch so I'm glad we stuck with that. Our waitress was nice and it sounded like there were several regulars that the staff knew by name which is always a good sign! We'd definitely go back for breakfast again.
Brother's has pretty good food. It also delivers, which is nice. The clam chowder is some of the best I've ever had. Anything not fried from here is good. On separate occasions I have been disappointed with their fried foods. First I order mozzarella sticks and then one time, fried clams. Both had a fluffy, not your typically crispy batter and were pretty bland. Everything else I've ever gotten here was really good. It's a bit pricey though.
Came here on my spring break, so we're out of towners. It was a Tuesday night and we checked into the hotel and walked over. Got there at about 8:30pm, the website said they didn't close until 10. We walked in and there was no one there. We stood there for a moment wondering if we should leave but someone came out from the back and told us to have a seat. Felt bad because they were going to close up early, but they told us it was fine. Our waiter was Eli, and he was super friendly and honestly a little intense (in a way that made us laugh). He recommended us to have either the Greek lasagna or the Jalapeno cream cheese stuffed burger. We both ended up with the stuffed burger, and I got a bowl of clam chowder as well. The clam chowder was fantastic, as well as the burger. Cooked perfectly. Would definitely return when I come back to Salem for vacation, but keep in mind there was no one else there, no hostess, so we don't know if it would have been different had it been a busy night.
I had some absolutely delicious eggplant parmesan here, and my cocktail was well made. The service was some of the most awkward I've experienced, however- the server didn't seem to have the slightest idea of what was on the menu, and kind of shooed us out as soon as we were done eating to make way for a private event that was happening at 9pm on a Friday night (weird). The ambiance is also weird- the lighting is very bright and gives the place a cafeteria feel to it. I would probably go back to try the breakfast, and hope for a better server.
Food was excellent. Server was a little slow getting back to check on us that's why I didn't give 5 stars. The bar tender did come by and help us with making selection on what to see while we were in Salem. That was extremely helpful saving us several dollars on what not to see.
Lovely staff and quick service. Clean atmosphere and the music was low enough for a good conversation but still enjoyable. I had the garden omelette for breakfast but subbed the cheese for Portuguese sausage - delicious and super healthy feeling. The portions are huge - neither my father nor I were able to finish our sides. Great price for what you get. Coffee was standard. Nothing to write home about but it hit the spot!
My girlfriend and I go here literally every single weekend on Saturday and Sunday to pick up breakfast. I've been doing this since August of 2015 and not once have I been disappointed. The food is consistently good, always prepared on time, and the staff couldn't be more friendly. The place is ALWAYS spotless clean, which is a huge factor in whether or not I return. I have no idea why this place doesn't have a 5 star rating. I've dined in plenty of times and have had their cheeseburgers, steak tips, turkey, scallops, and again not one time was I disappointed in my meal or the service.
The atmosphere is amazing, it's my favorite place to go for breakfast. The philly steak omelet is out of this world!
I had an omelette and it stuffed with tasty ingredients.  Toast and hash browns were hot and crispy.  Great experience.
"Overall this was a great meal. The menu had plenty to choose from. We went late afternoon and chose dinner items, but the breakfast and lunch items were tempting. The two appetizers we ordered were plentiful to share. The coconut shrimp were tasty and the Nachos were loaded with lots of toppings.  

The garden salads were a nice combination of field greens and veggies. The pasta dishes were huge and served piping hot. The Chicken Parm was a huge serving of chicken and the Chicken Alfredo also had a nice portion of chicken pieces in a great creamy cheesy sauce. The baked haddock was a nice portion without too much butter and not buried under bread crumbs. The Seafood Fra Diavalo had a great selection of mussels, shrimp, calamari, and fish with a nice spicy sauce. The Cookies and cream and Chocolate Moose cake desserts were fantastic.

We went in late February so because of their seasonal liquor license we were jot able to enjoy any alcohol drinks or wine.

Our service was was split between two waitresses, unfortunately the second one was not very attentive and that detracted from the overall service experience but not from the excellent food. I did feel the that the value of the prices were well worth with it and would definitely recommend and will keep this place in mind for our next visit to the area."
Went with a group around 1 pm, it was packed! They sat us down in 10 minutes, and quickly sent out our orders. I ordered this amazing cinnamon pumpkin sangria!! And an awesome tuna club. The group ordered their own dish and we waited about 20 minutes because of the large group. But it was well worth it. Gratuity and taxes are included in the bill so watch out if you mistakenly overtip. Good spot though!
awesome fish and chips! We came here during Halloween happenings very busy but still good
"My family decided to try Brothers for breakfast. We were pleasantly surprised. The update to this place is great. Comfy table & chairs, no Assembly line food service. Table service, menus, the works. 

My husband & I both got omelette. They were gigantic & packed full of filings. Our little boy had the apple cinnamon waffle. He was in waffle heaven. It was a huge & fluffy. 

Great prices for huge servings."
Loved it.  The new makeover looks great.  Coffee was piping hot and delicious. Service was on point, clean establishment. I had the short stack and my friend had egg white omelette, we were both satisfied.
The Reuben sandwich was amazing. House made pastrami. I commented on the roast beef sandwich being delivered to another customer and the owner showed up with a few slices on a plate to try. Also house made. Delicious. Coming back again very soon.
"Pricey. 
Appetizers were small portion, but dinner places were decent size. 
I ordered the lobster ravioli with the garlic wine sauce. I didn't like it at all and our server exchanged it to the Alfredo Sauce at no extra charge."
Strange menu...a little of everything but a whole lot of nothing. Ended up getting an appetizer. My drink was empty halfway through and was never refilled. Waited forever to get my check. The sign on the window said half-price appetizers everyday but they did not give me that price. Was not going to wait for them to rectify it. The appetizer did hit the spot.
"Peri-Peri chicken takes me all the way back to my hometown, Calgary. My mother's favourite choice for dining out: Nando's. My family of 6 are able to get full off chicken, rice, fries, and garlic bread - with left overs to spare.

Layout is spacious and clean. While the soft red and orange tones create a warm welcoming environment. You order at the front counter, and they bring food to your table. Although the business model is mostly counter service, the staff are friendly and helpful, as they assisted us with anything else after a few minutes into our meal. 

From the family memories I've created, birthdays, hometown visits, and take-outs, Nando's has small a place in my heart. 

P.S. I'm a huge fan of the artwork on their menus."
Such consistent and great food every time - from Winnipeg so when we travel love coming to Nando's .  Great chicken, great clean trendy restaurant!
Really good food if you love spice.The fresh lime and avocado help balance the wonderful taco with Portugese sausage.
You can't go wrong with this place. Never really had a lot of Portuguese food in my life but the flavors are definitely on point.They even have Portuguese soda to go with the food which is a nice touch and of course the piri piri chicken sandwich is dank!
Bem Bom is the bomb. I had the fish tacos and they were very tasty. I've only seen this food truck once. It was at a FAVO event this summer. I hope to see them again soon so we can try the other menu items.  The quail egg sliders sound interesting. Jeff O's review is useful, funny, cool, and he has more details if you are still on the fence.
"Carnitas tacos, YUM!

I was scared to try some things here because everything had heat on it, however, chatting with the gentleman taking orders, he suggested getting it on the side. Very good suggestion and I appreciate they do that. 

The carnitas was cooked perfect, tender and so flavorful. The salsa was good but I could have used a bit more flavor there, I assume the green sauce is supposed to be the star but it was too hot for me, I enjoyed it just as much without! Everything was really fresh and I loved the vibe of the entire staff."
Delicious. My favorite is the painted mango tacos,  it seriously blew me away. You can jurist taste the freshness. I totally recommend. Oh yeah, the seasoned fries are delicious.
I ate here a few weeks ago.  I ended up getting the Prego de Proco.  It was good but it brought the heat.  I was really taken back and I actually like spicy.  I had eaten Portuguese food down in Brazil before and don't remember ever having it like this before.  I thought it was good but it is not a place I would probably aggressively seek out to eat at around Orlando.
I just wanted to post on how awesome this food truck is, and I've only been here once. My wife and I were huge fans of Cocina 214 and noticed very quickly how the quality went downhill almost overnight. With a little research, I soon discovered that Chef Chico was no longer there, which bummed us both out majorly. Cocina was quickly becoming our favorite restaurant and overnight became a major disappointment. I have been doing google searches ever since then, trying to find when and where Chef Chico might pop back up, to no avail. On a complete whim, I did a search again this past week and found out that not only was he back, but he had a food truck. Sweet! Granted, on our first visit to Bem Bom, we doubled up on the Duck Tacos (our favorite dish from Cocina), but they were as awesome as they ever were. I very much look forward to our next visit, we will be trying other menu items ( but will probably split an order of duck tacos as an appetizer!). The only request that my wife has would be to bring the mushroom and truffle quesadilla, which was another must order for us.
Words cannot explain how good this truck is.  The only bad thing about Bem Bom is that Chef Chico's food will make you never want to try other food trucks...they just can't compare.  When this truck is in your area, don't miss any opportunity to try such an amazing meal.  FYI, they get busy due to their popularity and the fact that every order is made fresh.  It is worth the wait though.
This was honestly the best food truck I have ever eaten at in my entire life. The culture is new age, the chefs are creating 5 star dishes while having fun, the guy at register was more than helpful to those new to the Brazilian cuisine. Every dish looks like a painting and the flavors you discover are unlike anything else in the city. Try this. Seriously.
We hired Bem Bom to cater our wedding a couple weeks ago.  From the very beginning (securing them as a last minute vendor after my other food truck bailed), Dee, the owner, was AWESOME!  She was quick to respond to my questions and requests, and put together a delicious menu that everyone enjoyed!  Even my picky (when it comes to high quality food) father-in-law raved about the food!  We even received a large personalized, laminated menu that was on display on our reception.  This was a great keepsake to take home.  Finally, I was pleasantly surprised at Dee's follow up after the wedding.  She thanked us for our business and asked for our feedback on how everything went.  GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE and GREAT FOOD!
I have waited 52 minutes for their duck tacos and I would do it again. I do wish that it was faster on days they are packed but the food is well worth it. This is always a must-stop when we go to the food trucks festivals and for many other people, this place is ALWAYS packed!
"I found this truck a couple of weeks ago in a small event that was held in orange ave near hoffner. It quickly got my attention as i noticed they offer portuguese cuisine!

so we proceeded to order the pork sandwich and white portuguese beans with chorizo and pork.

Both of this dishes were delicious to the bone! the pork was well marinated and spicy just like i like it! and then the bum that it was served with, it was ridiculously SOFT. AMAZING SANDWICH.

The with beans with chorizo were excellent, so fresh and delicious i was craving for more and the portions are very generous. Right on the window stand you have a wide selection of spicy sauces to choose from that were all banging delicious! if you're the kind who enjoys spicy sauces on your food, you're going to love the bem bom truck! And these are not your usual suspect spicy sauces, these are some creative stuff! they had a mango spicy sauce that was delicious, very very well balance of spice and sweet. 
then the serrano vinaigrette a white spicy sauce that was also great. And of course they have a piri piri hot sauce wich is great too. 

Then we took the chefs recommendation to try they natas and omg were they good!!! delicious natas, we first order 2, eat them in one sitting then got up again to order 2 more. That's all I'm gonna say!.

they owners are very very friendly and nice, they told us that had only been in business for 4 days and by the way it's going i think and i hope they will stick around for a long time, we're food truck fanatics and we believe bem bom is one of the best trucks out there right now so again i genuinely hope they are here to stay because i know i will enjoy their food very much. 

i encourage all my yelpers to hunt this truck down and try their food, you won't be disappointed!"
"Azorean Portuguese food in Central Florida?  I really think Bem Bom was sent to me from heaven!  
Where I am from in South Eastern Massachusetts, the culture is primarily Azorean Portuguese,  and my grandmother is from the island of San Miguel. When I rounded the corner at the Food Truck Bazaar and saw the Portuguese flag on the Bem Bom truck it was like I already knew I was home.  

I ordered a favorite of mine, Chouriço, which I was told was meant to be sort of an appetizer, but my mouth was watering for a taste of something familiar from home.  But I had never had it the way Chef Chico put a spin on it with pineapple!  The dish was Grilled chouriço w/ pineapple salsa.  The Chouriço comes with sauce is very spicy, just the way it should be.  It is absolutely authentic, and delicious.  The Pineapple Salsa is incredible!  I couldn't get over the way the sweetness and acidity of the pineapple cut through the heat of the Chouriço and that sauce.

The other thing that is really great about the Bem Bom truck is the way they handle the ordering and payment.  They have two people on the ground at two tables taking orders and money, and then handing out food.  It really seemed to cut down on the length of the line and kept things moving at a quicker pace.  

Anyway...I am not an official Bem Bom food truck fan and will be following them wherever they go for a taste of home."
Could not have been happier.  We used Bem Bom to cater our Christmas party this year and they were great.  Our menu (painted fish, pork tacos and truffle quesadilla) have been raved about this past week since party.  Dee was a pleasure to work with on setting up event and the chef and his team were great.  I would highly recommend them for any event.  OUTSTANDING.  We will use them again...  I will also look for the truck!  When reading the reviews I had very high hopes and was not disappointed in anything.  Thanks for making our event great.
"Super casual place with Portuguese food. Made me feel like home. I personally enjoy spicy food, but I have to say it was a bit too spicy. Definitely not for everyone's taste. In any case, the meat was amazingly cooked and flavored. The bread and the ingredients tasted really fresh! I just wished it was a little bit less spicy in order to enjoy better all the Portuguese flavors!
Me and my friend had the Lamb Burger, the piri piri chicken prego, and the well-known pastel de nata!
Best wishes to the chef and I hope you can make it and open a Portuguese restaurant!!!"
"The carnitas tacos are really, really good. I would highly recommend them.

That said, I've stopped going to Bem Bom when it shows up at Food Truck Fridays at the RDV in Maitland. Wait times are slow (around 30 minutes the past several Fridays), which is a combination of the food being good, the truck getting popular, and the staff not putting out orders quickly.

Is the food worth the wait? Yes. But you may not have 30 minutes to wait after ordering your lunch if you have to return to work. I'd stop here again for dinner events.

It kind of reminds me of the line that used to form in front of Four Rivers. Again, very good food. Just not that amazing that I'd camp out for it if I had somewhere to be."
"Walked up to a black truck and scoped out the menu. Writing on the truck said something that resembles ""Portuguese"". The menu mentioned a Portuguese sausage and chicken in piri piri sauce tacos. The rest of the menu read like a five star restaurant at a destination far and away, yet exotic. Where am I?

The lively and smiling lady in front of the truck was kind enough to answer some heat questions and we placed an order. Anything to drink? Why of course, what's there? Oh the usual Coke and Guarana, a Brazilian soda which tastes citrusy and cools the palate. Bring on the Guarana.

Stepping aside so others can order we were assured that our order would be right up. Service? Yes, we were also offered to check out the bottled Piri Piri Sauce for sale. Oh yes, the chef makes and bottles his own sauce. After tasting the sauce I challenge anyone who swears by Tobasco and Siracha to give this a tingle. What kind of operation was this?

Walaaa, few minutes later, our names were being called, not that she needed to, because the lovely lady knew who ordered what. She was already walking over to us, with handfuls of a sight to behold. She even remembered that we should grab our sodas.

Portuguese Sausage was spicy, bold, semi hard, and full of flavors. Piri Piri Chicken had a smooth buttery spiciness that hits just at the right level. The flavors and textures of these simple dishes packed an amazing bundle of joy to my heart. Tacos were firm and pliable, held together very well.

The blast from piri piri caught my attention. I tasted these flavors before. But where? The Chef's name on the truck was stinging my eyes. No shame in my game. I Googled him. Oh yea, I did taste Chef Chico's fine food before, at Cocina 214. This just goes to show when one door closes another opens.

Lesson for all who dares to try their hand at food truckery:

1. Notice the lady at the front of the truck? She takes an order, keeps the waiting guests engaged, and delivers the food. Great Service. Check!

2. Notice the food container? A simple open cavity to hold and display food. Can be eaten out of very easily. Can catch falling parts out of mouth. Check!

3. Notice the simple items? Straight forward food, big bold flavors, not too much dressing up. Check!

Lessons learn? Great food AND service wins hands down every day all day long, in a fine dining establishment or on the streets. Ladies and gents there ends the lesson. It does not get any better than this. Just when I was ready to throw in the towel on food trucks altogether, this fine truck rolls in. Cook on chef!"
We had the lamb burger and painted fish tacos.  Both were amazing!  Can't wait to try something new
"Ate this at the World's Largest Food Truck Rally, the line was incredibly long and the company was great, so hot to wait, but at least they had a big tent covering most people and a lot shade from the trees, we tried 2 different items. 
Duck tacos (medium heat)- ended up being way too spicy for us, but the rest of the flavors were pretty good
Mushroom Quesadillas- my .mom said it was the best quesadillas she had ever eaten, and the rest of the family loved it, great cheese combination. My father who doesn't really like cheesy foods actually said he really liked the taste
Custard desserts- kind of creamy, kind of odd tasting for me, not sure what to compare it to."
An extraordinary gourmet food truck. They really set themselves apart from the competition by consistently delivering fresh and amazing food!  You have to try the fries.
"I love the sandwiches here.  The sauces are great and they have a nice kick to it. I also love the fries!  It's always a delight to see their truck pull up in my area.

By far the best food truck in Orlando!!!"
Chico and his staff rock! Love love Bem Bom. Honestly feel like they are the BEST FOOD TRUCK I've experienced in Orlando. The food is so flavorful! I've tried their Piri Piri Chicken... hmmmm so delicious!!! Give these guys lots of love when you see them!
Tried their duck tacos, which were pretty tasty. I would definitely go back to try something else.
I found this food truck at Tasty Tuesdays in Milk District. There were so many trucks to choose from, but I decided to go with Bem Bom and am very satisfied with my decision. I had the piri piri chicken prego and wow. I've never had anything like it before, the sauces they smoother on that sandwich is so flavorful. I'm craving it again just typing up this review.
"Bem Bom. Bem Bom. Bom Bem? It's fun to say. But I really don't go around saying it in public much because I might look like a bem bomhead. I don't know what that means, but I know that I mean it.

I've had the chance to get Bem Bom several times now at various events. The quality of food they put out is up at the top of food trucks in the area, which is no small feat. There is a lot of competition. The Portuguese flavors are unique, and they use a lot of quality ingredients. Their lamb burger is exceptional - perhaps even divine. The Piri Piri had great flavors, but the chicken itself was so-so (kind of dry). The Chourico taco is fantastic with its fresh and tasty avocado!

A few small complaints: 
1) Service time tends to be slower. Twice now I have waited over 20 minutes for my food, which is high for a truck. It had me questioning whether or not they forgot my order a couple times, but no. For some reason it was just taking that long to make my taco while other orders were being taken and completed. All I ask is a heads up that it will take a little longer than normal and I'm cool. Don't leave me there to question my sanity and all of time & space. This has been during their more busy Tasty Tuesday events. Your mileage may vary.

2) Price versus portion/quality doesn't match the competition. A few other trucks have this problem as well. Something like $10+ for a burger with no sides? It's a tough sell. The only way I'd order their $5 fries is if I had someone to split them with. I'm all for smaller portion sizes, but only if the cost comes reduced as well. The food is good, but it's not like miles ahead of other trucks. That's just my two cents.

3) They haven't updated their menu in what seems like forever. If you're going to the truck for the first, this is a non-issue. But if you've gone several times, you find it more difficult to pull out your wallet. To get a decent sized meal you end up spending like $15 per person. I'd be willing to pay that for new adventurous meals that I haven't had before, but not for the same old. They need to mix things up -- have some Specials, have some combo deals with different sides. Walking up and seeing the same menu as always will not make me a repeat customer for long."
"This is my first review, ever.  I'm writing it because every aspect of Bem Bem was amazing and they deserve to have the highest of recommendations.  We used them a few weeks back for a birthday party and, simply put, it was amazing.  When our guests saw who was catering the event, multiple times we heard ""oh, now i'm really glad we came""... It was my first time eating Bem Bem and I soon understood their sentiments.

The fish tacos were my favorite and, with a severe gluten allergy, they went all out to make sure I was in the clear.  The sauces were some of the best I've ever had, my mouth is watering thinking about them.

From customer service, to quality of food, and everything in between this was on the best experiences I've ever had with caterers.

Don't think twice about using them/eating their delicious food... just don't do it next time I'm having a party because they're all mine!!!

Great work guys, your passion comes through in your delicious product and it is appreciated - you're a rarity these days.  Cheers!"
This place was great I had the pleasure to have the pulled pork sandwich and tacos as well as the fries. I must say the food was delicious. The customer service was great. The gentleman placed my order instead of getting the taco they made me the pulled pork sandwich and because they noticed they prepared me the wrong thing the re did my order and gave me what originally order with no question asked and the chef gave me both the tacos and sandwich he said we messed up we fix it. I didn't even complain about it I was fine with either but they were nice enough to replace it. The lamb sandwich was also good my friend had that I liked because lamb can have a unique taste if it's. It cooked right but they nailed it good and tender.
The BEST food truck in Florida....hands down!! I was a huge fan of Chef Chico when he worked at a restaurant in Winter Park and quickly noticed how the menu changed once he left.  Then he opened Bem Bom and now serves fresh, delicious Portuguese food (even better than all the Portuguese restaurants in NJ - sorry!).  The chorico tacos are my absolute favorite and pair well with the bomb fries.  If this is too spicy for your liking, try the mango painted tacos or the piri piri chicken sandwich. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. One tip: since Bem Bom is a popular food truck & everything is made fresh, please note that it can take quite some time for your food to be ready.
Excellent customer service. Food and wine. Great music. The steak with chimichurri is very good.
Excellent! The fresh cod fish fillet with punched potatoes was amazing. Best cod I've had. And the mushrooms with truffles were incredible as well. Great ambiance and live music too! Highly recommended. Please add a fresh octopus special!
"I had the ultimate food truck experience with Bem Bom.  To me, there are four parts to this experience:
1. You're hungry, with no dinner plans, and you happen to notice a new food truck on the side of the road.
2. You realize that the truck is serving ethnic foods you haven't even heard of, let alone tried, but you take a deep breath and ask the server to recommend their favorite item.
3. The service is excellent.
4. The food-you've-never-heard-of-before turns out to be amazing.

I've enjoyed a lot of ethnic foods over the years, but Bem Bom was my first venture into Portuguese, and I'm loving it!  So far, I have tried the duck tacos and a chicken sandwich with piri piri sauce.  Both dishes were amazing.  Piri piri is a spicy orange sauce that looks a bit like Cholula hot sauce, but with more complex layers of flavor.  Not only is the food good, but the truck is well managed.  An employee is stationed in front of the window to take orders (and credit cards) on a wireless device, and to ensure that food gets to the right person as soon as it's ready.  The line seems to move quickly, and I've never had to wait very long for my food (although I tend to avoid large food truck pods that attract crowds).  I'm eating at Bem Bom whenever I can find it!"
"You had me at Bem!  The transaltion is good good, but this food is GREAT GREAT! 

 If you know my reviews, I can often get a bit racey when it comes to great food.  This review is probably rated NC-17, because this taco is derrrrrty. We're talkin softcore Showgirls I can't believe Jessie from Saved by the Bell is naked in this pool scene delicious!  It was completely unexpected yet totally hot!  I speak of the Duck confit taco.  With a touch of heat(i got medium) and duck meat so crispy yet tender I found myself making-out Freshman year stylee on this thing.  Sloppy tongue and all!  The sauce, the lime squirt, the cilantro, the cabbage, the meat, they all hop into a nice tortilla bed to create a total perfect orgy of flavors! Dare i say.....my front runner for favorite taco?!  I do. I dare.  

And let me tell you about my new favorite dessert.  The Natas.  At $2 a pop you can't go wrong.  I ate one as my closer to an amazing meal, but it was just so good I had to go back to the truck to get another.  Best way to sum it up, A puff pastry shell with a slightly flan, pudding, creamy pillowy filling that is just the right amount of sweet.  If you don't want to try it fine....you are dead to me.

About Bem Bom, Slater said it best:

Jessie ""i can't believe you like these tapes.""
Slater ""Hey, what's wrong with Paula Abdul and Janet Jackson?""
Jessie ""Their music doesn't say anything""
Slater ""Did you ever see them move? They're saying plenty, baby."""
I first found out about the Bem Bom truck in 2012, shortly after moving here from Boston.  Being of Portuguese decent, I was beyond excited.  Then the cat ad mouse game of finding a day off when the truck was in operation began.  Two months later, I dragged my friends (one of whom is also Portuguese) and we headed over to downtown Windermere, and let me tell you, the wait was beyond worth it.  I had an opportunity to speak with Chef Chico, and he is as genuine a person as you will find.  The food was out of this world.  We ordered BIG, maybe twenty items in total, and the wait was less than I expected it to be.  Duck tacos, carnitas, piri piri chicken sandwiches, beef sandwiches and oh, the chourico (not chirizo) tacos!  WOW!  The icing on the cake, or should I say custard, was the natas.  The best I've ever had, and I've had them at some of Lisbon's most renowned bakeries.  Orlando, we are lucky to have this truck.  Thank you Chef, you've made a displaced Portagee feel like he's back in New England.
My friends and I went to the new Bem Bom restaurant in Audubon Park tonight. The restaurant is small but very cute and has an awesome patio! We ordered several things off of the menu and everything we tried was delicious, from the chips and salsa to our entrees. I'll definitely be back.
This place maybe small but never underestimate it! The Food, Beer, and Service are all amazing!!! Make sure you try the specials and the fries. Will certainly be making a trip back.
"I had the opportunity to try this truck when fit visited Titusville and it was enjoyable. I had the chicken tinga tacos and boy were they good! I love Latin food and I love tracks. The tacos were spicy, colorful, and filling. They were packed with delicious chicken, tomato, onion, cilantro, and tasted so authentic and fresh. I added more hot sauce and my mouth was on fire but I loved it!  

The Parmesan fries were not my cup of tea. I could have done without the cheese or maybe a different cheese would have been better suited for the fries. I loved hue peppers and garnishment a on the fries though. Added and nice little kick.

Overall I would recommend Bem Bom and I would say it is a must try. You I'll most likely not be disappointed if you're looking for fresh and authentic flavor. Fantastic job!"
"Ordering the chorizo tacos was probably one of the best decisions I have made in my life! It was all so delicious. And they slice the chorizo, so you get a good bit of it with every bite.
I've considered hunting the truck down so I can have some more. But I won't (for now). I'll just let it be the best surprise EVER when I stumble upon if outside of some bar one day.

P.s. Try the Sumol. Freakin' awesome."
"Oh My Word. Ok, I ventured out of my comfort zone and tried an array of their dishes. 

Few of my favorites: 
Duck tacos.
Lamb burgers.
Truffle fries.

TRY THESE! They are all delicious, fresh and bursting with flavor. Take a minute to chat with Chef Chico, he is amazing. You can really taste his love for food but when you chat with him, you feel the love. He will inform you all about his ingredients and how everything is made fresh. They play Portuguese musica as well so you are completely immersed in the overall feel of the culture."
Amazing, amazing, amazing. Had the Portuguese chorizo sandwich (off menu item). Wow!!! On point, bursting with flavor! Just enough spice, but not too spicy. Great sandwich. Will be back. Hungry for more.
"Everyone loves a fried potato, it's un-American to hate the french fry. I've always craved sweet potato fries, waffle fries and America's favorite from the golden arches, but now it's time to add a new favorite to my growing list of french fry cravings. Bem Bom, an authentic Portuguese food truck, serves gourmet tacos, pastries and ""The Bomb"" from Chef Chico Mendonçain in various Orlando locations.

We recently spotted Bem Bom at Tasty Tuesdays in the Milk District. After surveying a handful of trucks, we couldn't refuse these glorious fries, especially after we noticed every other person placing a fry order. These ""Bomb"" fries are tossed in Thai Chiles, Thai Basil, white truffle oil and topped with finely shaved Parmigiano Reggiano. I'm pretty sure I fried the roof of my mouth as I shoveled multiple fries onto my taste buds, they were just that good! The basil added an interesting depth of flavor and balanced out some of the Chile spice. The Parmigiano Reggiano was divine, shaved to perfection and rounded out the white truffle flavor which can sometimes be overpowering. Bem Bom rolls around town on four wheels, but follow them on Twitter (@BemBomFood) for menu and location details!

And next time you venture to Tasty Tuesdays, don't park in the surrounding business lots. They are serious towers. After a $140 ATM withdrawal and a trip to OBT, I reclaimed my car. Oops! Tasty Tuesdays occurs weekly at 2424 E Robinson St, Orlando, Florida. Visit @TastyTuesdaysFL on Twitter for tonight's eats!"
It's ridiculous how good this food is!  Ordered the Carnitas and they did not disappoint. Overstuffed tacos (as was I by the end) with loads of flavor.  I moved from Orlando and still talk about these suckers! If you see Bem Bom stop and get something, anything, it will be good.  They mix different cultures to create food truck fusion and it works!
Had the BEST duck tacos  while their truck was outside of Redlight Redlight. Can't wait for their new location to open up off of Corrine Drive!
Best food truck in Orlando! I'm lucky enough that this good truck stops by my job every week. Their food is absolutely delicious. I'm addicted to their mango painted fish tacos. Yes, the wait might me a bit longer than other trucks but the food is made to order and well worth the wait. I also tried the carnitas tacos, which were also great but in my opinion the fish is the way to go. Full of flavors and all the elements compliment each other perfectly. Do yourself a favor, following them online and make it a point to try them out next time you see them
This is a Portuguese-style food truck. I agree with the other reviewers that the food on this truck is EXTREMELY fresh.  I love the mango fish tacos. Have my eye on those truffle fries.  Next time we run into this truck I hope I can get my husband to partake.  It seems like all of the other trucks do not offer quite as unique and fresh dishes as this one.  One set back is that if you are in a hurry, this may not be the best truck for you.  Fresh food takes longer to prepare!
"A 5-star truck!!

At the Edgewood farmer's market tonight, this big black truck with the compelling name lured me over. A friendly lady out front was helping to explain the menu and describe each dish to people gathering around. What we have here is Portuguese street food. As I peered through the window, I saw delicious looking food being prepared, so I knew I had to try something. 

I opted for a chicken piri piri taco and the carnitas taco. (They let me pick one of each, though the menu indicates you get two of the same for an order.) Both were mouth watering and plentiful for $7. Two tacos and I was stuffed! It seems that a world of flavors both traditional and inventive make up the food at Bem Bom. 

The white bean w/ chorizo dish and the duck tacos are supposedly a big hit. But I understand that the menu items change regularly. The owner is very cordial and excited about his offerings. This was a perfect food truck experience!

I'm excited to return next week."
"WOW. When I say I literally wish I could rewind this experience and do it all over again for the rest of my life, if possible, I would. BEST FOODTRUCK EVERRR. 

I got the Chicken Piri Piri and ""The Bomb"" fries. The Chicken Piri Piri has to be hands down one of the best sandwiches I've had in my entire life. Nice and tender, sauces flowing everywhere that compliment each other well, vegetable toppings that were unique yet worked beautiful with all the flavors, even the Portuguese bun itself was delicious! I kept nudging my boyfriend to look at how amazing the sandwhich was! And don't even get me started on the fries...they're called ""The Bomb"" and were the BOMB DOT COM. Topped with Parmigiano Reggiano (very delicious cheese like topping) and Thai Chiles with truffle oil to top ugh! SO GOOOOOD. Just be careful they're hot! 

If this truck was going down a road I would follow it like the ice cream man."
They are finally open on Corrine Dr. takeout only for now but so good. Everything was very tasty
My wife and I tried them last night at the Food Truck Bazar in Melbourne, It was very good.  My wife had the Mango Painted Fish and really enjoyed.  I had 'The Bomb'  French fries and enjoyed the spice and heat from them.  I was hoping to taste the white truffle oil a little more but it was still very good.  We luckily got there early and waited in line for 20 minutes while they set-up (they were a little later opening then the rest of the trucks last night) and were the second customers.  When we left, there was probably a 30 minute line for them which says something for the food truck.  We will definitely check them out again at the next food truck event.  I might try the rock shrimp tacos the next time.
Amazing service if they're not too busy, tried the enchiladas and they're the best I've ever had. Food wait times are long as everything is made from scratch. Ordered hot sauce and after a while we started to joke that they were picking peppers and making the hot sauce in the back or they forgot. Turns out they were really making our hot sauce, order the pica nalga if you like really spicy.
MMM! My favorite Orlando food truck! Fresh garnishes and proteins are a perfect combo when making a tasty taco. At Bem Bom they have DELICIOUS tacos! Everything on their menu sounds amazing so I always try to get a different item every time I go. One mainstay item that I always get are the bomb fries. Cheese, thai chilis, and french fries make the perfect zesty combo! When in doubt, just order the piri piri chicken prego sandwich. It's the perfect introduction to their awesome menu!
Loved the Carnitas! Absolutely delicious gourmet pork tacos (you get two).  Both Chef Mendonca and the rest of the team manning the truck were very friendly and let me sample a host of different sauces.  I ended up going with an order of HOT Carnitas and it had both flavor and a slight kick to it.  For $7 you really can't go wrong.  Chef Mendonca recommended the Brazilian Guarana soda and it definitely washed everything down well.  Be sure to check out the picture I posted.
Gotta be honest and say we wouldn't have thought about eating at this truck. But we gave it a chance at an event. Fiancé had the mango painted fish taco and loved it. He raved about the mango sauce on the fries. I had the carnitas tacos. Very yummy and juicy! Thinking about trying the restaurant now!
"Other worldly.
 Let's just say when I tasted the food I realized there are realities in which I know nothing about.  I had to take breaks at different intervals because the flavors were so intense.  This food is serious.

I'm not kidding.

It's hard to explain, but I felt it.  The chips are real corn.  The spices are real, and very potent.  I  tried the mushroom quesadilla, and a veggie taco made special  

I keep wanting to try the fries, but they are always out by the time I get there.  The Brazilian soda is amazing, and a pleasant surprise.  It's in a category all its own.

Thanks Chef Chico!"
"My friend and I wanted some breakfast so we stopped at this place. It looked like a tavern meets diner, so we sat at the bar.It took 15 minutes for the waitress to come over and take our order. The manager did come over and apologize, since we were in a rush and he said he would expedite. The food did come out quickly and it was really good. I had an American cheese omelette with spinach and peppers with hash browns. My friend had the Salmon Benedict and it was very good. Also, all of the servers were super friendly, and they gave us great recommendations for other things to do in Salem!

This tavern has a seasonal liquor license that only impacts the months of January-March, so I am sure it is a different experience when you can order drinks with your food. 

If you're in the mood for some brunch in sale, this is a good place to try!"
Can't beat the service. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, our food arrived quickly and was absolutely delicious. The best place for delivery in Salem, something for everyone!
Great atmosphere, terrific staff and a fine menu. The food is all around very good food. This was a nice find in Salem. I recommend this place when you are looking for a good meal.
This place went from one star to 5 stars since the change. Old Brothers was a horror show. Same owner now but new food and service. Joe is my favorite server. Some of the best home fries I ever had. Big eggs and thick bacon. Owner has hit a home run with this changeover. One of my new favorites.
"THIS is the newly remodeled (summer 2014) Brother's Deli, which is now called Brother's Taverna. We went in here to grab a quick breakfast for me and salad for the wife.  The meat lover's omelette was amazing, with really well-seasoned and flavorful fillings.  (It was actually quite surprising because of its unique flavors!)  The steak tip salad wasn't as unique but still was quite excellent. 

Highly recommended!"
Excellent service, good food. The falafel wrap was a little dry, but tasty.  Prices were reasonable.
"Takeout was great! It was on time when they said it would be ready. A Yelp check in earns you 20% off! We had a variable order and they handled it well. They included forks, napkin and condiments.  

Our order included a delicious looking grilled chicken club that had a marinated chicken. I barely got a shot of it before it gobbled up! It's what a club should be. A steak sub that was good and didn't sit long. The French fries have the twice fried ""coating"" and are tasty. I didn't eat the Greek salad yet, but totally looking forward to it-looks great! Chicken piccata was tender and served over linguini heavily capered in a nice lemon buttery sauce.
 
For a Friday at 8:00 pm the place was empty? I did hear some other calls for takeout, but didn't ""get it""? The prices were reasonable even without the Yelp discount.  It might not be a 4 star place, but certainly better than it's emptiness portrayed. Go try it for a casual night out or takeout for good price."
Awesome service great food. We went because we had 10% off for going to the Salem Witch Museum. It was great had the lobster roll and clam chowder the place just opened so not too many people in there but the whole staff was friendly and very helpful.
"Stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday. Must have caught them on a slow morning, they were not very busy.  

Service was fast and good. I ordered the spinach avacado eggs Benedict. Both the home fries and eggs came out well cooked and delicious. The home fries had a great and zesty flavor. Not your generic plain old homefries. 

The eggs Benedict had a good hollandaise sauce, and was not buried in the sauce.

Two thumbs up! I'll have to try a dinner here later this week."
"This is for the delivery only; we have not been into the actual restaurant since the re-model.  The online ordering was perfect, easy to navigate and quick.  The delivery person was polite and got here fast--what more could you wish?  Oh yes, for good food.  I'm perpetually horrified at the lack of quality of salads and the ubiquitousness of the dreaded ""Ken's"" packet of salad dressing.  Since this was our first time ordering from Brothers, I figured that as usual the salad would be a disappointment.  Was I wrong.  It was honestly one of the freshest and nicest salads I've ever seen from a casual restaurant.  The balsamic dressing was not from the dreaded packet, but seemed homemade.  So, I'm delighted with that.  I got the eggplant parm panino, and it was delicious!  Eggplant is tricky, it can really lack flavor and be soaked in grease if you don't cook it properly, but this one was excellent.  My husband's chicken parm was very good, too, and the portion was huge.  There is rarely a chicken parm that he can't finish, but he was unable to finish this one, so we had a bit of it left over.  We'll be visiting the restaurant soon as we are right down the street."
Been here on a Saturday afternoon for a beer which was nice and fresh from the tap. Almost entire place was empty. We ordered Onion rings with beer and they were the worst I ever had. We were then tempted to order french toast and pancakes looking at the menu and I have to say that they were one of the best ones I ever had. Service was great and a friendly staff. I would have given 4 and half stars but since there is no such option I would rate it 5/5 and would like to give it a shot one more time.
We walked in and were greeted right away. Place is so clean and inviting. Menu choices were vast and priced really well. We got our food and it was delicious! Good food good service and a great environment. Doesn't get any better then that! Thanks brothers for a great breakfast
Two words: Devil's omelette. SO GOOD. My partner and I run a lot of road races in the North Shore and we are sure to come back here for our post-race devil's omelette filled with FRESH jalapenos and pico de gallo. Breakfast potatoes are usually spot on as well. We never even look at the menu anymore, so I can't comment on much else but we love the spot. Quick service, decent prices, and if you come often, make sure you use the same credit/debit card for purchase so you can earn rewards points!
Went here on a Saturday morning with my wife and niece.  My wife and I elected to get a  belly buster (their version of a hungry man breakfast), with our niece getting French toast. We were not disappointed!  With the Mimosa's washing it all down (not for the niece, though), it was exactly what we wanted. Would highly recommend this place to anyone!   Solid service, great food, and really good prices.  And just a short walk to either Pickering wharf  or downtown.  Looking forward to going back to try their dinner menu.
I haven't lived in the area for years and was a little shocked to see that the buffet line and open kitchen had been removed. The new interior is very fresh and clean looking. The host was very attentive about finding out what I wanted and having my takeout order put in and offered me a coffee at the bar while I waited. I had the chicken kabob dinner and it was delicious. The chicken was nicely seasoned and perfectly cooked. There was a reasonable helping of rice and a generous service of veg. The food was ready in no time. I would definitely order from there again.
Had a great late lunch here after walking around Salem's historic district and on our way to the harbor. Travelled in a group og three where we all had our own breakfast for lunch thing all of which were well made and right sized. Endless coffee and sodas and good service. Would come back again.
"This is my new favorite breakfast place . My fiancé and I went here for our second time yesterday, and again, we were very impressed. First off, the staff is great. They are attentive , friendly and down to earth, just the opposite of a lot of places with crew that gives you the vibe of ""putting up with you"" The owner of the place is super accommodating, he greets you at the door, and makes sure to say hello at your table and check in to make sure his patrons are pleased, all while doing the same to make sure his staff handles the guests properly. Now the food...YUM.
  I got a "" Cajun egg and potato skillet"" it was absolutely delicious. Perfectly cooked pieces of Linguica, with peppers, onions, home fry potatoes with Cajun seasoning, with two fried eggs on top with cheese , which comes out sizzling on a fajita skillet! FLAVOR CITY. My fiancé had the ""philly steak omelet '"" which equally amazing. We also ordered a side of corned beef hash, which is made from scratch in house, and it's killer. Needless to say we will most definitely be going back , and this time for lunch.  Give this place try if you are looking for quality food, service and atmosphere... Highly recommended !!!!!"
Good decently priced food, drinks are usually pretty good and this place doesn't get too busy. ALEXIS IS THE BEST WAITRESS/BARTENDER IN SALEM!!
"This is my go to place when visiting Salem. Brothers Taverna is an all around Diner food style place.. Food portions are spot on just enough food. Staff is very friendly and helpful. My favorite thing about Brothers Taverna is the prices, Perfect price per portion ratio. 

I have eaten here several times over the past year and have not had one bad thing here. All the food is great. I'm determined to try everything on the menu.

Brothers Taverna hands down is is the best place to eat in the Pickering Wharf area.. Trust me it's true.. you will not leave unsatisfied.."
Stopped here while touring Salem. Amazing drinks bartender was super friendly and food was great!!! Had the pesto chicken panini and buffalo wrap both were great and you could tell everything was fresh!!!
"We were in Salem to see the Witch Museum.  Starving on Memorial Day we looked around for something to eat and happened to be standing across the street from Brothers Taverna. 

We split a pepperoni calzone with marina and it was AMAZING!!  Highly recommend anything that has marinara."
Very nice spot in salem to eat and drink. Drinks are a little pricy but you're in a tourist town! I would go back if I am in salem again.
Really recommended this restaurant our server Name SAM she amazing and whatever she recommended we ordered good breakfast brunch....
"I definitely thought twice after reading some of these reviews - but some are old and my roommate and I wanted to give them a chance.

I ordered delivery and they have a huge menu.  I dove in, ordering a shrimp cocktail, caesar salad with turkey, potato skins and tiramisu. 

Everything arrived fresh. I was slightly worried about the shrimp cocktail but they were deliciously fresh and on a bed of lettuce. The salad and homemade dressing is also very yummy and the skins were hot. We have yet to try the tiramisu - but it arrived also looking great and is waiting for us in the fridge. 

The delivery is fast and the delivery guy was super nice, may even be the owner? He included some coupons with a menu. 

Overall the food is good - the delivery was fast.  We will try them again!"
"This place has great food--especially if you're looking for paninis, salads, and desserts. This is the third time I've been here, I've never had an issue. I've tried the mozzarella tomato panini--if you like Panera's paninis, these are soooo much better! Tomatoes and cheese are fresh and the bread is thick--comes with fries and is certainly large enough to split with a friend. Came back today and tried their salads. Contrary to prior reviews, our Greek and mixed green salads were not at all from a prepackaged bag! But instead, loaded with fresh romaine, spinach, cucumbers, green peppers, cherry tomatoes and house dressing. The bruschetta appetizer was also delicious. For dessert, we shared the Oreo cake, which was decadently perfect with our cappuccinos. We left completely full and couldn't even finish our salads. All that and the total was only $31. Plus, our waiter was very patient with us! 

If I read the reviews before I tried it, I probably would not have even considered eating at Brother's. They do have a large selection, so I can only speak for what I've tried. But so far, everything I've tried has been perfect."
Just fair food. Had traditional meat loaf featuring no taste. Had to pour tons of pepper and salt to taste and then drank a gallon of water. Service was okay with no problems. Would not return. Price for food soda and tax and tip was 20.00. Pricey.
"So, my mother, sister and I spent the morning at the Peabody, by the time we were done we were starving!! We found this tiny place called Brothers... it is amazing!! Our waiter, Casey was great!! My sister and I had Reuben sandwiches, ( so so good!!!) our mom had the haddock sandwich and she was so pleased!!! The cocktails were spectacular, we were going to share, then decided against it as we each loved our drinks too much! 
If you are in Salem for the day, I would 100% recommend Brothers!"
Not the best but not the worst; Had the pleasure of enjoying  a wonderful breakfast. The service was really fast for the crowd that they had. The taste of the food was okay. The price point was great tho. Overall I would return again but it wouldnt be my first choice if I had other option.
"If you are looking for American style food with plentiful servings in Salem Massachusetts then this is a good choice. We walked in at 5pm on Thursday so it was pretty dead but by 5:30 it started coming to life. The bruschetta needs a fork but was fresh and flavorful. The Clam ""chowda'"" was thick and delicious as traditional clam chowder should be. I had the corned beef which I had with roast potatoes and veggies. The only thing that brought my review down was my suspicion that the potatoes were roasted earlier. The food came very quickly which is great but the leftover taste was a little much.

Update: the potatoes were still very good but that was the reason for 4/5 instead of 5/5. I really enjoyed my meal."
Food is delicious but the portions are so small compared to prices. Perfect for hangovers & spending a lot when you know you don't need/want any leftovers. We would order their food again with this in mind so that should say a lot about the quality of their food. Delivery was prompt despite what I would assume was a Sunday morning hangover rush in downtown Salem & the delivery driver was very friendly.
Not really a fan since their conversion away from the old canteen style diner experience. Now they're just another pricey restaurant with a liquor license... and those aren't exactly hard to find in Salem. Decent fare, but nothing special.
"Great food and atmosphere. Aos, our server, is Awesome!
Great salads, wraps and roast beef!"
"Honestly the food here is amazing. They legitimately have anything you could possibly want and all of it is good. 

BUT

the service is AWFUL . It took 15 minutes for the waitress to even acknowledge us even though several waitresses passed by. One couple even left because it took so long for the waitress to greet their table. Service is just as key as the food in my opinion."
The food was delicious. I had the avocado and spinach eggs Benedict and my husband had the Thai chicken wrap. Service was super fast and friendly. The restaurant was clean and there was no issues using the yelp coupon. We will definitely come back. The blueberry martini wasn't my favorite, but I think it was my taste, not the drink itself.
My food was outstanding I had the steak tips and it was fantastic.  My daughter ordered a pizza and it was terrible.  I asked for a salad before my meal and my daughter asked for mozzarella sticks.  Her app came and I was waiting for mine I had to ask twice for it.  The waitress we had seemed like she really did not want to be there that day or something not rude or anything just off.   The salad was very good when I got it and my daughter enjoyed her mozzarella sticks and I loved the steak tips.  The Pizza seemed to undercooked and not much flavor in the sauce
"Had the steak tips and the caprese salad.  Both excellent for the price point.  I don't come to a place like this expecting a premium restaurant experience.  As far as diners go,  this place is top notch.  

Service was friendly and prompt as well."
Omg!! The pizza was amazing!!!! We got a meat lovers and all seven of us voted it was the best pizza we ever had. The the dessert came and the cheesecake, chocolate cake and the carrot cake were amazing. All made locally and daily. We will be back. Bravo!
"This is my ""go to"" place whenever I go out for breakfast.

The food, and variety, is excellent. I've never had a bad breakfast. Farmers Benedict, Cajun plate, bacon (or linquica) and peppers added to the home fries, homemade corned beef hash; you name it.  All excellent.  

For a breakfast joint, the coffee is surprisingly good. 

I like to linger, and get some work done on the computer. I have never felt rushed. The servers and the manager - Meagan - are very friendly and attentive.

I have only one negative, and it's minor compared to the many positives. If I get there early, before most of the servers have arrived, the trade off from a single server to whoever is assigned to my area isn't terribly efficient.  

Today for example, the server who seated me when I arrived and took my order started working behind the bar once five or six servers came on duty. The new servers were excellent about getting my food to me.  But, getting coffee refills and the check was a bit of a challenge.

(NOTE:  I have been back several times since the original review.  It was obvious that this issue has been addressed.  The ""handoff"" from the single server, to another server as others report to work has been perfect.  I raised my rating from 4 stars to 5)

I will certainly go back.  I'm there once a week on average."
Really enjoyed this restaurant! Was looking for a good breakfast spot and the menu had a myriad of choices. Excellent food and service. Salmon Benedict was amazing! Our waitress Alexis was really cool, friendly and attentive. So many things I would have liked to try as the choices on the menu all looked great.
Great spot in downtown Salem, I had lunch, my wife had breakfast. Both meals were excellent, they got both orders correct and the service was really fast. The place was very clean and the rest rooms looked brand new. Our waiter was very attentive, came over several times to make sure all was ok. I highly recommend this place and we will definitely go back.
Great price on yards and half price apps at the bar! Mike was awesome. Totally a chill place early in the week! Haha have the place to yourselves!
This is one of the few places where I sat at the bar and got full service in a timely manner. They got our drinks and food orders out really quickly and it was all delicious!  Also, gotta love all the 90s throwbacks they were playing
"This is my ""go to"" place whenever I go out for breakfast.

The food, and a variety, is excellent. I've never had a bad breakfast. Farmers vanity, Cajun play, and bacon and peppers to the home fries, homemade corn beef hash; you name it.  All excellent.  

For a breakfast joint, the coffee is surprisingly good. 

I like to linger, and get some work done on the computer. I have never felt rushed. The servers and the manager - Meagan - are very friendly and attentive.

I have only one negative, and it's minor compared to the many positives. If I get there early, before most of the servers have arrived, the trade off from a single server to whoever is assigned to my area isn't terribly efficient. 

Today for example, the server who seated me when I arrived and took my order started working behind the bar once five or six servers came on duty. The new servers were excellent about getting my food to me.  But, getting coffee refills and the check was a bit of a challenge.

I will certainly go back.  I'm there once a week on average."
I've been around the country for work, and I love trying places that aren't so regular , like ihop, Denny's etc. This place was timely on the food while being super busy. And the portions that were delivered to the table were filling. The Bloody Mary was ehh, to much horse radish, but the corned beef hash was the best I've tried in my travels.
Great brunch!  Attentive service.  The restaurant itself is a little noisy, but that didn't bother us.
We went with Brothers Taverna to cater a celebration because they were local and super friendly. Great price. Excellent food. Worked with us so nicely with our menu and budget. They were awesome and we will definitely use them in the future!
I only give them a 4 star because they tend to be so popular that sometimes their food does not come out on time. I would definitely go with an empty stomach though. I went there about 2 weeks ago with my friend and our kids. The service was good from our waitress. I got a drink tht was too strong and my waitress did her best to  replace it for a better one. I have been here a few times and most definitely love their new look. It is a much better atmosphere than it was previously. Definitely a go to place for breakfast for special occasions and/or holidays
Been a few times for breakfast. Great food. I had eggs Benedict and kids had the pancakes. Servers were friendly and attentive. Crowded as usual so maybe a little slower than some might like. But it's my new spot for breakfast when I'm in Salem.
This restaurant was great! Friendly staff and clean atmosphere! We were visiting Salem and found this restaurant close to Salem Waterfront hotel and decided to try it. Glad we did as their pumpkin pancakes were delicious! This restaurant is now on our future visit list
Great food and awesome service would come back.parking was easy parked in the back of the building and service was fast. Corned beef sandwich was really good
My group went here because Salem beer works was too busy. And I am glad we did! The staff here is nicer and the wait times were better. Also the food looked better. The only thing I didn't like was the nacho app was smaller than I usually am used to, I'm used to bar type restaurants serving massive nacho apps which I love. But the food and drinks here were bomb af and not too expensive but also weren't too cheap. Would come here again
I was here for brunch this morning. I had the Irish breakfast, which was corned beef hash, eggs any way you like them, a hash brown and toast. The corned beef hash was really good. It had a great texture and was crispy and crunchy on the outside. But it had decent sized chunks of beef that also added to the textural integrity. I ordered it with poached eggs. They were a touch over cooked but I do love poached eggs. I thought they could've been seasoned more. The hash brown was good and had a nice texture and was not greasy at all. This too was under seasoned, however. The rye toast had way too much butter, I should've asked for it plain. Overall, the hash was the best part of brunch. The service was good and I would come back for the hash alone.
Went here for lunch one day. Service was ok. Got the nachos which were different than most but not bad. The thing I really didn't like was that you can see the cooks in the kitchen and they weren't being very sanitary. Like touching things with gloves than touching food. Probably would never go back.
My girlfriend and i went there on a Thursday @ 11:30 A.M. the parking can be tough she had the reuben panini it was a big portion they also serve breakfast all day so i got that it was good and the price $ was right the inside was nice they have a small bar and T.V.s we would go again.
"Sumol was flat, bifana pork was a little dry, kale soup was really good but everyone else at my table said their food was average. 

Service was okay. Overall nothing exciting about this place that would make me want to come back."
"This restaurant was running like a well oil machine on a packed day in the middle of October.  Most places in Salem are a mad house but we were able to get in with a party of 5 pretty easily.

For appetizers, we started with the nachos and the prosciutto cheese plate.  These were large portions and definitely hit the spot after walking around Salem all day.  For my meal, I had the pumpkin ravioli, which was very good but very heavy.  Other people in our party ordered the linguica sandwich, spring salad, and bifana sandwich.

TIP: restaurant is also split with a Portuguese kitchen. The restaurant was packed but the staff was able to keep up and move quickly.  Although I didn't order one, the margaritas that were floating around looked great.  Definitely a solid spot to stop while exploring Salem."
"Cute place. Stopped in to get our barings after parking in Salem. We actually ended up going back again later in the day. 
We had drinks and an app. The drinks were good. The bartender was super sweet and helpful. 
We had the fried calamari. It was fried perfectly but lacked any seasonings. 
All in all we will probably go back."
Stopped in here on Halloween. Our party of 5 was seated right away. Our waitress was very friendly. Our orders were taken right away. We received our drinks and food very quickly. Ordered a burger, chicken fingers, a Reuben, chicken mozzarella panini, and mozzarella sticks. Everything was delicious and my kids are very picky.
"We had not been here in a little over a year... decided to have dinner there last night.. great decision!!!
They have an additional complete menu with Portuguese cuisine... we ordered from their new Portuguese menu, an appetizer to share, grilled chicken wings with a delicious sauce (onions, garlic, olive oil, wine vinegar and a while
Bunch of seasonings) it was sooo good!my husband had the kale soup, delicious!! Followed by the Carne De Porco Alemtejana, tender pork loin pieces cooked in the most delicious sauce served with cubes fried potatoes and baby clams...delicious!! I had the grilled steak with garlic sauce, topped with an egg, chose the sides French fries and vegetables, everything looked and tasted sooo good!. I asked for the French cut fries, but it stated on the menu that the steak would come with Portuguese fries (fried round slices) they had just baked custard mini pastries (a Portuguese traditional desert) they were great! I had a house sangria, loved it!! The fruits and garnishes were very fresh, and ended with the best espresso martini, it was amazing!!! The service was great!!! Reasonably priced. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars... is the fact that they serve soda in the red plastic cups ( my husband had soda) that was a bit disappointing for him not to be able to drink from glassware.
But definitely a great place to go, and enjoy good food!! 
Already planning a girls night out there!!!"
Yummy we went for a late breakfast and left full and happy. The man who I think was the owner was so sweet though he was busy he took the time to talk and check in on our table even gave me some fun facts about the beers on tap which I appreciated. A nice spot if I was around again I'd definitely would stop in
While the service and our waitress, were great. The atmosphere was great and the place was clean and friendly. But the food was less than impressive. Got the turkey person sandwich, turkey was super dry, the pesto was almost non exsistant and it was pretty bland, the fries were cold and my sons Mac and cheese tasted funky .
I was really surprised to find such awesome Portuguese food in Salem...of all places.  I'm used to good Portuguese food in New Bedford, Brockton, and Cambridge... but it was a real treat finding this place all the way up in Salem.  My daughter got garlic shrimp which was better than my own Mozambique, and I got grilled octopus which was spectacular!  The menu featured American food as well, but I would suggest stepping out of your comfort zone a little.  Ten stars!!!
"Came here for brunch one day. I got the corn beef hash with scrambled eggs. The food was tasty and service was quick and friendly. They even offered a Yelp coupon, how awesome?! 

Overall, a good experience."
Good pizza place with nearby history. All other places in town were closed until 4. Very glad they were open since it was only 2pm. Sleepy little town.
"Went to Salem for the day and a local recommended this place.We were greeted warmly and sat down. There is a open kitchen where the cooks were hard at work. The place was packed. 
The waitress came over and we ordered 2 coffee's 
she bought them right over. The coffee was robust with a good flavor. The waitress came back over and took our order. I ordered a breakfast home fries,toast,ham.My gf ordered steak, hash browns.
The meals were at our table fairly quick. I tasted her steak it was flavorful and cooked just right not dry at all. The hash browns were crunchy and good.
My plate the home fries were tasty and the ham although not a huge piece was good. I noticed the manager/owner threw out our meal was helping expedite the meals. He also came over to ask about refilling our coffee and ask how our food was.
Great to see a hands on owner working so diligently for his establishment. Our next visit we'll surely stop in again."
"A Salem resident described Brothers Taverna as an old people's bar. It certainly is slow and mellow, but it's also one of the few places where you can booze up in the early hours of the morning. If you're planning on grabbing a mimosa - beware! At $8 a pop, they are pretty damn expensive for the tiny glass of bubbly you get. 

Service leaves something to be desired. Our waitress was too busy chatting it up to notice my friend and I were long overdue for our check. I had to stand up and put on my jacket on for her to get the hint. 

So to sum up, Brother's Taverna is a quiet local's bar that'll suffice for early morning drinkers. I'd recommend sitting at the bar for quicker service.

YELP'S 2019 REVIEW CHALLENGE: #28"
I will definitely recommend this place! My friend had the Bloody Mary and she loved it! The food was amazing. The pumpkin ravioli is new to me but it definitely exceeded my expectations! I hope I can find these babies in LA because I can't stop thinking about them. It was the perfect amount of sweet, but also savory! The service was great. Our bartender (manager I think) was very kind and though they were about to close as we got there, they did not deny us. Did not hurry us at all, made sure we were satisfied with our food and drinks! If I ever visit Salem again, this will be my first stop!
This place is great, all day breakfast, gluten free options for bread ! Which is awesome for someone like me with a gluten allergy. Service was quick and good!
Bartender was awesome and the food was great!!l Is a place that I would recommend if your visiting Salem!
"This place has the best eggs benedict ever. I don't know what they do to their english muffins, but they're so good. It's my go-to breakfast place. I've ordered delivery from them and one of their delivery drivers went out of his way to go get avocado specifically for my order because I guess it was out of season and I ordered through GrubHub so I wasn't aware (oops). Even after that, my food still arrived earlier than expected. Best delivery driver ever. Wish I had his name so I could give him a shoutout here.

Super clean inside as well and the waitresses are always pleasant."
"I stopped in here because I saw an open spot at the bar and honestly I wish I kept walking. The bartenders were so overwhelmed by the capacity 
that the service was incredibly slow. People who sat down after me got their drink orders first which was frustrating. On top of that my Reuben was also pretty disappointing. The meat wasn't tender or flavorful and the fries were cold. It wasn't the worst but just meh. Took forever to get the check and pay too. I feel like I am fairly easy to please but I just didn't have a good experience unfortunately."
Good food, great prices, and a good location in Salem. Food came out quick and hot. If you're a greyline customer, you can get a 10% discount on your order.
"Update:
I had a reach out from one of the partners, in regards to our
experience. Seems they had several issues, short staffed which
happens, it seems childish patrons blocked the restrooms the
night before with makeup tissues, toilet paper, among other things and were very destructive.
I understand the mans frustration. I will retract some of my review.
Thank you Mr Manny for explaining the situation.


.I had planned on our group of 24 ladies coming in on the 26th, I had communicated with a Gentleman Mr Manny I could not have asked for a more pleasant man, he helped me all the way through the event..we knew we couldn't all sit together that certainly was fine. We were on a group meal Option, again No problem with that either, I had the girls meals All listed to make it easier, just had to show at the door..went to show the owner..Wow! He pretty much snapped my head off, by this time I was furious by his  attitude....told me to get in line with everyone else!!!!!! I told my girls  to order off the menu and forget the original plan. ..I will give our server credit..she was a 5* she was pleasant, tried to keep everything going smooth..one thing I discovered..the bar did not know how to make a dirty martini..I got a Brandy snifter 3/4 full of straight vodka!!!!!
Food was good...again I am understanding of the fact it was busy..
Perhaps if we come again, we may try a different time"
Had dinner here on a recent trip to Mass. great food, awesome service. Lobster Ravioli is to die for. Highly recommend!
"Not only was this my first time in Salem, but Brothers Taverna was our first location that we stopped at and so this was going to set the mood for the rest of the day with all the Halloween festivities that were happening and we weren't disappointed. We sat down and were greeted, given the menu and were told what items were the best to get. We ordered a round of drinks and some calamari, which was delicious before going out and seeing all the main attractions up the street. The service and drinks were so awesome we ended up leaving only to come back 2 hours later. 

We came back not only because we were familiar with being here, but we knew we were going to get good service without any hesitation. The place was packed much more than earlier and the wait staff knew we were back and continued the small talk as we never left. We ordered another round of drinks and headed out, but very glad we came here twice lol, as this place really set us up to have a great time in Salem."
"While on vacation, we decided to visit the infamous Salem, MA. Right across the road from all the festivities I spotted Brothers Tavern and decided to give it a try. 

We were seated and it took over 10 minutes before a server came to get our drink order...which is a little bit of a wait, but they seemed to be a little busy. We contemplated leaving as we thought they had forgotten about us. My husband ordered an Itailian panini - which he said looked better than it tasted.  I ordered a turkey club. It was alright - just an average club. The French fries were probably our favorite part of the meal. 

I am only giving 3 stars because of the long wait we experienced. Food was just average, so we wouldn't make a special trip here again."
"Great spot! Open nice and early to watch my English Premier League games and their bar is open early : )
The wait staff is excellent with prompt and friendly service and they make an effort to talk and joke with you! The breakfast is great too! So join me for EPL games and some drinks and delicious food!"
Amazing breakfast . Great customer service .  I'm not from around here but was hoping to find a good breakfast and I sure did. Next time I come this way I will come back here .
Myself and family were stopping through Salem and were pleasantly surprised to see a restaurant serving Portuguese cuisine. We decided to try out our favorite Pork Bifana sandwich and it was BETTER than the one back at home at our Portuguese hall. Soft bread with flavorful tender pork and grilled onions. Very delicious!!
Great food and good service Sam was great!! would recommend if your in the area!!! A lot of good drinks and food!!
We went here a few months ago around Halloween. I can't say enough good things about this place. The breakfast was good, the pizza was great, and the bar staff was friendly and knowledgeable. If we ever get back to Salem we will definitely eat her again!
I LOVE this place!!! Super consistent, have tried many different things on the menu and all of it is good!! The people are really friendly and the service is fast. Love it!
Great service. Nice place to watch sports that are playing. Food was just alright. Nothing great but descent. My shrimp scampi lacked flavor and my bf ribeye was over cooked and not good at all. Cup of chowder was delicious. Good beer selection and server being efficient and friendly made me give the 4 stars.
This is a hidden treasure in Salem. Food is homemade and always fresh. They have generous portions, if that interests you. Something for everyone on the menu. We had the sweetest server named Alexis. Highly recommend!
I went to breakfast yesterday and absolutely LOVED it. The restaurant was very clean, food came quick, and our waitress was friendly. Highly recommend!!!
Salem native, familiar with the options in town, and all roads lead to Brothers. Outstanding service, consistently delicious meals. Went with the brothers omelette (corn beef hash & cheese): perfectly put together. Egg wasn't too thick, and just the right amount of cheese. Look no further for a great meal in downtown salem.
This place is prepared to have no business. 6PM We arrived and sat at the bar. We quickly realize after waiting 10mins for drinks, this one person is serving literally EVERY corner of the restaurant. How can one person be a bartender and serve 6 parties ranging from 2-8. I feel terrible for this extremely nice waitress/bartender/hostess/busboy. The food was average, mostly frozen. Lobster roll was actually fresh. But please, give your poor waitress some help.
Totally random, but this place has the best falafel wrap I've ever had in my life, and as a vegan, I've had my fair share of falafel. Good selection of local beers and local seafood and classic pub fare are well-liked by my omnivore fiancé too.
The best omelet I have ever had!! The potatoes were amazing too!  Would have given 5 stars but had to ding them for the service.  It was slow.  I would definitely come here again for breakfast but be sure I'm not in a rush.
We took a trip to Salem for half the day and came across this place. We stopped partly for convenience but also the wide variety of menu items. I was happy to hear that breakfast was served all day. I ended up getting a scrambled egg on the side and the amazing Brother's French toast. It was texas toast and came with whipped cream and fresh strawberries, blueberries and bananas. I would definitely keep this place in mind as an option if you are in the area. It is located right across the street from the Salem Witch Museum.
The food was ok. Got breakfast delivery. It wasn't cold so that's a plus and it was delivered earlier than expected. The pancakes were huge but not the best I've had. And they provided a tiny thing of syrup for the giant pancakes. The steak tips weren't bad. The potatoes (which were supposed to be hashbrowns) could have used more seasoning - they were a bit bland.
"While in Salem the weekend before Halloween it was extremely crowded. All restaurants had long waits. We came across the Brothers Taverna, asked how long of a wait, the hostess told us about 30 minutes and it was just that, good estimate. We were seated, our waitress was very friendly and efficient. My wife and I ordered Gyros which came with fries, our daughters ordered Paninis. Our Gyros were very good and the fries were hot and crispy, just how I like them. The paninis were very good also.   

Upon check-in of the Yelp app there was a 20% coupon. I asked our waitress about it, she wasn't sure so she took my phone and asked the manager. When she came back she told me I had to pay with credit card and I would receive the refund via Groupon. I explained to her it was Yelp, not Groupon  and she told me they did not honor it. Now I know they know what Yelp is, there was a Yelp Sticker on the front door and they are registered with Yelp. I don't like to be lied to, I know they were busy, just tell me you don't honor it during October like most Groupons. Let's face it they know the difference between Groupon and Yelp.

I would give 5 stars for food and service but I'm taking 2 away for not honoring the coupon and being lied to."
Brothers Taverna is such a gem! We have been grub-hubbing from them for quite some time and they never disappoint. We finally went to the location for the first time tonight and were pleasantly surprised to find that they have a Portuguese menu from Tuesday-Sunday from noon-9pm. We ordered the cheese plate with ham and it was out of this world good. I noticed that they offered alentejana (pork loin, roasted potatoes and clams in a sauce straight from heaven) which hit a sweet spot in my heart (and belly) because my dad always makes it for me. It did NOT disappoint. We also ordered their NY Red Pastrami sandwich () but ended up taking it home and eating every bite of the alentejana. Monica and her father really knew what they were doing introducing the Portuguese menu to an already delicious establishment. Thank you for a perfect date night!
"Friendly service, excellent salmon, very happy with our experience!

Conveniently located to the Salem attractions, it was a nice, bright respite from the heat and pounding of the pavement.

Also: gluten-free friendly."
The food was ok. Got breakfast delivery. It wasn't cold so that's a plus and it was delivered earlier than expected. The pancakes were huge but not the best I've had. The steak tips weren't bad. The potatoes (which were supposed to be hashbrowns) could have used more seasoning - they were a bit bland. And they provided a tiny thing of syrup for the giant pancakes.
I have tried this place over 10 times. Place is modern clean well staffed. Below are some pictures of some dishes I have tried
"I was surprised to find out this place was Portuguese because it doesn't have your typical Portuguese vibe for a restaurant. 

It's located right in the heart of Salem and the space is big! Huge indoor and outdoor setting. 

We got some ciders to start off and I lovedddddd it! I wish I could remember the name of the draft but I can't lol. We got the cod fish cakes and hummus for appetizers and both were good, but the cod cakes didn't taste like they had been freshly made (tasted like they may have been frozen). We were going to stay and order food and have more drinks, but the service was so slow we couldn't take it. I'm not opposed to coming again, but hoping the service improves in the mean time."
Don't let the cute outdoor seating fool you. There's a reason we as locals haven't really bothered with them and it's mainly because of wicked inconsistency. I'd only had breakfast in there a long time ago, which was fine enough but not enough to rush back. I've seen the terrible past reviews but also heard tales of tasty Portuguese food there, so it was between them and another place when we decided to go out for steaks on a Friday night and we chose here because the outside seating looked very nice and not incredibly crowded. I thought initially it was strange to have to come indoors to get a table outside and as soon as we came in you could kind of sense chaos but we waited for someone to finally acknowledge us and grabbed a table outside. Ordered appetizer of Portuguese steamed mussels and we each ordered a steak, both med rare. It took around a half hour for our food to finally come out, all at once, and cold. The point of ordering an appetizer is to have it before your meal which made me upset why we even bothered with it if that's how they bring it out. The mussels just tasted like they were drenched in bad oil and didn't give any container for shells so they were all over. Had to wait again to be brought silverware as the steaks got even colder. One bite into my steak revealed it to be thoroughly well done as grey and flavorless as it can get. My husband's was actually cooked properly but mine was basically inedible except for the few shrimp on top and the potatoes which actually were quite good, but I didn't want to get charged $22 for basically a plate of potatoes, so after quite a while of not being able to find our server or anyone to complain to since no one had even come to see how anything was, we finally flagged down another server who offered something else but I really wasn't interested anymore and didn't want to wait for another meal. Again, while my husband finished his food and I picked at his plate, no one at all throughout the whole meal came to ask us anything or refill drinks, for everything we had to flag someone down. I don't think anyone bothered to come to our table because we weren't drinking alcohol drinks which were seeming to get refilled at other tables but they could care less about you otherwise. Only reason this review isn't lower is our server, once we finally got her, was apologetic and nice saying it was her fault when it wasn't personally her, they just looked like they weren't handling the Friday night crowd very well and was more of a kitchen issue if anything. Except maybe for those roasted potatoes, there is nothing here that would necessarily bring us back again, and that's disappointing because we are local and eat out very frequently and I wanted to like this place.
One of the best taverns in Salem! Great service, atmosphere, music, food etc! Friendly customer service and beautiful outdoor patio. The employees here truly make you feel like you're a good friend of theirs! Do yourself a favor and come enjoy drinks/food here
"I must confess, I'd never heard of Goa or Goan food before, but my goodness, I am now a fan.  My husband and I ordered takeout from Vixen's Wedding this past weekend.  We aren't comfortable dining indoors due to COVID, but we wanted a more ""elevated"" meal during our date night, and after researching some different restaurants, the chef's tasting menu at Vixen's Wedding seemed like the perfect option.  I did see the inside of the restaurant when I picked up the food and it was such a neat space - nicely decorated and seemed really intimate.

Anyway, I was a little concerned the food wouldn't be as quite good since we were doing takeout and not dining indoors, but I didn't need to worry - the food held up very nicely.  All of the food was delicious, but the stand-outs for me were the judion bean with smoked bacalao (the beans were marinated so beautifully), the rutabaga noodle with duck (the duck was cooked perfectly and paired so well with the noodles), and the smoked lamb shank with the garlic naan (the lamb was so tender and flavorful and I loved it eating with this the pillowy naan).  We also ordered the wine pairing, which was fun.  They all paired nicely, but my favorite was the combo of the cherry custard dessert and the muscat wine - the tartness of the cherry and the sweetness of the wine balanced together to something I wasn't expecting and couldn't get enough of.

All in all, I'd love to dine indoors at Vixen's Wedding one day to get the full experience of the ambiance plus the food.  However, if you are looking for a fancier meal and don't want to dine indoors, Vixen's Wedding is a fantastic option."
"We were so fortunate to be able to dine on the patio at vixens wedding during COVID. They took incredible procedures to make sure we felt safe and distant from other guests. Due to covid, they were operating on a prix fixe/chefs menu and we were grateful because we wouldn't have been able to pick amongst the dishes anyways - they all sounded so good. 

The best dishes were:
Tortured beet - I HATE beet and this was out of this world good 
Fried Green tomato - small, simple but bold in flavor 
The brisket - by far stole the show. The chutneys and sauces that accompanied it all created a fantastic dish 

I'm so happy we took a chance on Goan food - we were not disappointed and will ABSOLUTELY recommend to all friends and family"
"This place is INSANE good!!  Finally someone doing something different in Austin.  I love it!  So tired of the same ol' take on interior Mexican, or fancy Mexican, BBQ done a million ways.  This place just completely steps out of the box.  The flavors are a tase explosion in your mouth, and honestly a relief from the norm.  Everything I tired surprised me, from the ceviche to the amazing dessert (there take on flan or crem brûlée)  The drinks were delicious, the service was lovely, the restaurant is cozy and decorated just right.  I'm not 100% sure what Goan food is supposed to taste like, but who cares...the flavors speak for themselves.  So call it what you want, I call it one of the best new restaurants I've tried in Austin in quite some time.  Better get there quick before the word gets out.  I myself will be going back, b/c I'd love to try everything on the menu.  This place just opened, and they are checking all the boxes, I can't wait to see how they fine tune everything.  

My only 1 negative comment, is they have all these lovely plants everywhere, and for some reason they have fake ones in the middle of the restaurant, even though they have amazing lighting to have some really beautiful REAL plants.  I think the main problem with them, is they look fake and cheap.  Spring for some real plants like what you have going on outside!"
"Great food, great ambience. Everything we ordered turned out to be just right. The deserts are amazing and one of a kind. 
I would recommend avoiding the Masoor dal from the 'sides' section (I have had better ones) and the waiter was graceful enough to remove it from our bill without us requesting for it."
"When we arrived at 6 pm on a Saturday night, Vixen's Wedding was set and ready for the evening.  There were people at the bar, and only a few tables were seated. By 6:50, nearly all tables were filled and it was standing room only around the bar.

Vixen's Wedding took great care in designing the space of this restaurant.  The aesthetic is pleasing, and the designers of the space worked to incorporate tapestries and soft surfaces to help dampen the roar in a space that is also filled with lots of hard noise reflecting surfaces. 

We were seated at a two-top lined with other two-tops along a bench.  The seating was close, and provides a great opportunity to find out what other people talk about when they go to dinner.

While Vixen's Wedding is a restaurant in a hotel, it is not your typical bland, soulless hotel restaurant.  Local chefs run the show, and the ingredients and preparation are rich with freshness and flavor.  

I really loved the food. 

Since the tables are so close, we heard the speech our server said to us, repeated many times over:  plates are meant to be shared, while they can't make you order all at once, they prefer that you do, so that chef can plan out the coursing.  

So we ordered all at once:  turmeric sourdough bread, shrimp samosa, beet dosa, acorn squash, and wagyu beef.

Items were served in this order, and this also aligned to my ranking of least to most favorite.

Turmeric Sourdough - I just haven't been able to find turmeric sourdough as often as I'd like to have it, so that it is a regular on the menu of Vixen's Wedding made me eager with anticipation to have it.  However, this turned out to be my least favorite item of the meal.  Part of this was my expectation and anticipation of oven warmed sliced bread being unmet as what was served were oiled chunks of sourdough that had been grilled and blackened. Even once I got past the over grilled oiled edges, the bread itself didn't come close to the occasional loaf of turmeric sourdough that came from a local bakery that rhymes with Power Luck Darket.  Vixen's Wedding bread was good, but I had something else in mind.

Shrimp Samosa - I didn't remember the menu indicating anything that suggested the spiciness of this dish.  I thought maybe the harissa sauce that i was dipping the samosa in was adding the spice, but it was actually the filling of the samosa itself.  I like spice, and this was good, just a a bit of unexpectedness.

Beet Dosa - This dish had a nice presentation of seasoned beets arranged artfully on a plate with a small beet colored dosa (if you are unfamiliar with dosa they are similar to french crepes, kind of sort of).  This dosa is much smaller than other dosas I had had, but that is ok since it allows a table of two to try more dishes.

Acorn squash - This dish was noted as ""our favorite"" of the evening so far.  The squash was cooked to the right consistency and the sweetness of the squash and peanut paired with the bitterness of the mustard greens was a sensational flavor combination.  

Texas Waygu beef - This was ultimately our favorite dish of the evening.  The waygu was raised just south of San Antonio by Marianna Peeler.  This beef, produced on the best feed, and produced conception to butchering under the care and directorship of Peeler Farms, is exceptional from the start.  Then the chef cooked to perfection and served with this absolutely incredibly tasty green curry sauce that had just the right amount of bite.


The Austin service industry is so good to us, and treated us to a Maple Jalebi dessert and french press coffee. The Maple Jalebi consisted of a sweet potato puree, AMAZING toasted pecans and a perfect sphere of fenugreek ice cream.  This was the final component of a perfect meal to put us just to the point of I would not want to eat a bit more.

Service was a bit eager puppy-ish.  Well-intentioned, but anticipating a bit too much, and not quite to the level of sophisticated and mature.  A couple of times during our meal servers were ready to take a plate away, only to notice at the last second that we still have a tasty morsel or two left.  No food was removed from our table pre-maturely, but the sophisticated finesses of a truly mature serving crew is yet to arrive.  

Overall, Vixen's Wedding is a restaurant I can highly recommend and look forward to future meals at an establishment with: great local sourcing, fantastic flavor layering, in a beautiful new space."
"Wow! Favorite new Austin restaurant. We had a staycation at Arrive Hotel and loved Vixen's so much we ate there twice. 

What made it so outstanding? The flavor explosion, excellent wine list, sexy decor and the best service we've experienced in a while. The hostess was an absolute delight and our server, Nick, was so knowledgeable. Ask for him! 

The food: 

Ceviche- best we've ever had, hands down. Not your typical lime based. Crunchy praline was addicting. Ordered both nights.

Beet Dosa - best we've ever had. As the other reviewers stated, this dish has an amazing ""meat like"" flavor. Ordered both nights.

Vindaloo Ribs - very good, fall off the bone. The coconut ""salad"" was an excellent addition. 

Lamb - incredible. We enjoyed this a tad more than the ribs. Be sure to get the habanero pickle on the side. 

Quail- very good, really enjoyed the greens it was served with.

Breads- got the paratha and sourdough both nights with ALL of the chutney options. Just incredible! 

Didn't save room for dessert. Can't wait for them to launch a Brunch menu! 

Bravo!"
Awesome interior design. Unique food and great service. Favorites were ceviche, ribs and pao. Ribs came with a coconut samba which was very flavorful. Unique guava soda which was great. They have a limited happy hour menu. Parking is tough. The pao was the warm with cheese flavor.
Really cool Goan/Portugese fusion tapas style restaurant.  Make sure if you go to find the banner near the bar explaining the story behind the restaurants name.  We loved every dish we tried there.  The lamb shank stood out above the rest and I would say make sure not to miss that!
"3.5 stars - Super tough review to write for me... This is a beautiful restaurant, we were absolutely smitten with the decor and ambience! However, none of the food was too outstanding... Nothing I will be rushing back for. Awesome and unique concept, but the execution just wasn't anything I can't live without. We tried the samosas, fried okra, eggplant, fish, ribs, bread, and a couple cocktails- so quite a variety! But I was waiting for something to really stand out as oh my God amazing, and nothing ever did.

Maybe I will come back to try their happy hour or their other items on the menu!"
"Rotating menu with Goan and Portugese influence. 

Loved the different options between proteins and vegetarian items. 

The beet dosa was a standout item that had a genius combinations of flavors and the beets were cooked perfectly. . 

The methi paratha was buttery and comforting but that didn't have a strong taste of methi. I realized after that they forgot to serve the chutney that was supposed to go with it :( 

The fish entree with the sour sauce was very authentic to south India but an acquired taste in my opinion. 

The pork buns were a little disappointing... not a lot of filling or flavor but the chutney was yummy. 

The ambiance was great and the server was very accommodating, would go back again to try more items!"
"Heck yes!! What a fun place and tasty Portuguese inspired dishes. They recommended ordering 5 dishes to share between 2 people. We ordered 6 and had to take 1.5 dishes home because we were stuffed. The small plates each had very different Iooks and tastes which is super fun for the palate. Meant to take more pics of the food but forgot because I was ready to dig in! We also stayed at the Arrive hotel which is the same building so ""going home"" afterwards was super easy!"
My new favorite restaurant in town. It opened a week ago and I've been twice already. Their corn chaat was delish and both times we got sourdough which was amazing! Porkrib vindaloo was yummy and quail dish was pretty good too. Fish with crisp rice on top was really good too. I feel my boyfriend and I tried half of the appetizers and small dishes already. We got sourdough with blueberry dip and fish raita with other type of bread.. it was a bit of mistake. Fish dip would've gone well with sourdough.. I don't know how often they rotate the menu but hope they do soon so that I can get back and try more!
"Oh my! What a treat! The ambience, the art, the furnishings, but most importantly the food - a truly five star experience. 

I've spent time in Goa - and in Portugal, delicious fusion dishes representative of the region. A wonderful blend of old European charm mixed with modern Indian cuisine. Thank you for your art, your food science and your thoughtfulness.

Really well done - seriously good stuff!"
"I was quiet disappointed with Vixens wedding, it's the service that's not very aware of what they are serving. It's really frustrating when your server isn't knowledgeable with the menu ‍ ok perhaps she was having a bad day, I'll give her that - fine. But still quiet unhappy with the food. 

For one thing, she insisted we give the entire order along with the appetizers... which I felt was kinda rushed as I would have preferred to eat the appetizer and then order the main. When we ordered the lamb shank it was so huge - I wish she told us it was enough to share  

So since the restaurant was all about Goan food, for dessert I wish they'd have the Goan dessert - bebinca!

We also ordered idli pork buns - which the dough was undercooked. I'll order that and the dosa if I come back again."
"The cutest spot for a date night! (Or any other night:)) 
Such a great, fun ambiance! FYI, there is valet parking on the side of the building for ten bucks which was convenient. 
As for food, we ordered the bhang drink and jeera drink, both great. We also ordered cheese pao, beet dosa, mussels, and shrimp samosas. All great for sharing for keep that in mind as you order. For two, five plates was just enough so if you have more people in your party I'd order more. 
Overall great experience. Be sure to make reservations for the weekend!"
"Wow. Wow. Wow!!! This place just opened and they are still sorting out a few details, but WOW, the food amazing. This place is going to grab a Michelin star when the kinks are worked out, but the food is at that level right now. You know that joyous feeling when you bit into a perfectly charred medium rare prime ribeye steak? Ok, now imagine a few beets (yes, a vegetable) tasting better than 80% of the ""great steaks"" I have eaten. It's not that they don't have meat here, they do! Go here, before you can't get a table!"
An Indian gem in the heart of east Austin, This place is fantastic! Bravo!! All the dishes were sooooooo flavorful , the chaat was simple clean and fresh , the ribs had just the right kick to them, and the breads were to die forr. I'll become a regular here for sure. Keep up the good work!
Really cool atmosphere, amazing cocktails and great food! We sat at the bar and had a great time, service was a little new/busy, but everyone was super kind and welcoming! Will definitely be going back here.
Delicious. Peri-peri chicken outstanding. Spicy rub, tender chicken. Great flavor. Chutneys delicious as was the fish. Ceviche wonderful too. Quite a melange of flavors and spices, never too hot but with a kick. Loved it.
"I wanted to love this restaurant but while I am glad to have tried it, it isn't a place I'd go back. The restaurant itself is lovely but the acoustics were bad which made it hard to carry on a conversation.  Staff was friendly and attentive. As recommend we ordered several items to share. The flavor combinations sounded unique and interesting but we found that the items themselves were somewhat bland alone and really didn't have much flavor without the chutneys. The chutneys though were amazing. We were especially disappointed by dessert, the ""creme brulee"" which was really more like a flan with a large range of flavors and things adorning it that really didn't mesh well together. The meal was pricey and we left still feeling hungry. Again, I am glad I tried it but will not be going back."
So good! To be super honest, I had zero expectations coming into this place. I am so glad we tried Vixens Wedding.  The menu right now is just a tasting menu paired with wine. You can get your own cocktails if you prefer.  I definitely recommend following the wine menu.  I was blown away by the flavors of the food and the wine was paired perfectly.  Wines I would never gravitate to were brilliantly paired and tasted so great with the corresponding dish.  The tasting menu is more than enough food for two people.  This is a must stop restaurant in Austin.  They cater to different dietary restrictions as well
Strolled in with no reservations and scored bar seats, luckily. The decor is beautiful, staff is friendly and the food/drinks were great! We had a few small plates: the cheese pao, crab panise, shrimp samosas and the ceviche. Everything was delicious!  I would recommend making a reservation if you're going on the weekend.
Food in new and interesting ways. Everything we ordered was fantastic. Layers of flavor and texture that you may or not be able to identify the exact flavors but you don't even care. It sings in perfect t harmony and compliments. Delicious flavors, thoughtful palates. Worth every penny of the splurge. Sit at the bar, order lots of small plates, try the panna cotta, the coconut saag, the okra is a revelation, eat all of the verge, it sings in the sides.
Came here with my fiancé for our anniversary dinner and enjoyed it! The food was unlike anything we had before and the atmosphere was very trendy (and very E 6th). Our favorite dish by far was the acorn squash. I would literally go back just for that dish. Be prepared to share! Our waiter, Matt, made the experience even more enjoyable with his friendly conversation and awesome menu recommendations. If it is a cold night, make sure the don't seat you by a window. We made that mistake and I had to keep my layers on the whole time (frankly, I was a bit miserable).
Wow, I wish I could have tried everything on the menu! Started with the Evening Star cocktail and some appetizers.  Particularly enjoyed the beet dosa, the shrimp samosas, the fried okra, and the crab sticks.  Service was very attentive.  Decor is charming.  I'll be back.
"""Am I high or something? Why does this food taste so good?!"" -my husband

A few weeks ago, hubby and I checked out Vixen's Wedding in Austin, TX for date night! We love trying new restaurants for date night, and this one was on my list. I went there a few days before for happy hour with some girlfriends (fantastic), so I couldn't wait for dinner! Fusion restaurants are special to me. I believe food is the most understood, universal language, so combining bold and differing flavors creates bridges nothing else can.

I wrote a whole lot more in my blog post below!
https://thehonestshruth.com/date-night-at-vixens-wedding-in-austin-tx/

Cheers,
Shruthi"
The food is absolutely delicious, especially the shrimp samosas, piri piri chicken & pork chops. The cocktails are average but I'd definitely recommend this place for the food! And the ambiance is top notch. Make a reservation :)
"I waited to go to Vixen's Wedding until it was our turn to suggest a restaurant for an outing with friends. I wanted to have more people so we could try more things. Definitely a great decision for a first visit. The atmosphere is beautiful, gigantic soft shaped lights hang low enough to make the space feel cosy. They also provide just enough lighting for a romantic meal--something I'll take advantage of in the future.

We all grabbed cocktails to start things off. I enjoyed my Golden Lassi, not too alcoholic but a nice pairing of flavors. I was excited by my friend's Merchant Negroni because it didn't contain Campari - I hate Campari (SACRILÈGE!) and really enjoyed their take on the Negroni.

We ordered a lot and here's what we ate:

Shrimp and papas bravas samosa - I was dubious. I am picky about shrimp inside of things for some reason. I would like to come in some night and make a meal of about 10 of these. Maybe 15.

Fried green tomatoes - I went for this based upon others reviews and despite my not love of tomatoes. The yogurt and chutney paired for such a great flavor. The crisp tomato slices were a great starter to the meal.

Pork ribs vindaloo: Oooooooooh! The flavor was sooo good! I love me some vindaloo and with ribs it's a win.

Tortured beet dosa: All of us were meat eaters. Some of us liked beets more than others. Some of us, like me, had some bad beet experiences. This dish is like a beet baptismal. All my past beet experiences were washed away by the smokey glory that was this dosa. It's deconstructed and kind of awkward for 4 people to share, but we made it happen and all of us felt this was the dish of the night. 

Texas wagyu beef: I've eaten real wagyu in Japan and I've eaten ""wagyu"" in America that was supremely dubious. This was real deal! Yes, it's raised in Texas, but the veining was sensational and the flavor was all that and a bag of chips. The curry sauce with it was a perfect amount of brightness to balance the luxurious cut of beef.

Paratha - I wish I could have eaten this on my own, the only child in me did not want to share. The flavors in the bread were just so delicious and the buttery crispness of the paratha was great even without the special raita we got (it was good, the bread was better).

Smoked acorn squash: This was the last dish we were served and I'm pretty certain we were all almost full at this point. The squash was really good. Probably my least favorite dish, but I was full. It was perfectly cooked and had an amazing texture with these bits of crispy on top. 

We were way too full for dessert. But I'll be back. Maybe so I can have 10 of those samosas and a beet dosa all to myself..."
"Yum, yum!  We heard the Lenoir people opened a new place and we had to try it since we loved Lenoir so much.  It did not disappoint!

We had a good sampling of everything: shrimp samosas (I didn't have any due to an allergy but my friend really liked it), the methi paratha bread with a divine lavender/plum? spread, the fried okra, ceviche, mussels cataplana, and the black spice lamb.  Not a crumb was left on the table.  Same with desserts - we got 3 out of the 4: chai tea panna cotta, spiced rum creme brulee, and the dark chocolate & coffee tart.  It was such an interesting mix of tastes, including beets & mushrooms (!!), but it somehow magically worked together.

Good variety of cocktails (including a coupe of booze-free mocktails for my pregnant friend) - I had something with plum & gin that can recommend.

It's on East 6th Street and they do have valet ($10) they share with the hotel & the coffee bar next door.  Alternatively, you can find street parking (metered) & walk.

I didn't take any pics but their decor was great.  An eclectic mix of Indian-inspired furniture, lots of light woods & macrame, oversized lampshades, lots of individual & family-style tables.

We came at 5:30pm on a Thursday and it wasn't too busy but it got more & more packed later on in the evening.

We unanimously agreed to come back in the near future!"
We only had 2 dinners in Austin and are so glad we spent one of them here. Food was incredible and ambiance was great. We ate: cheese pao, pork buns, mussels, sourdough bread with smoked fish spread, and wagyu beef. Every bite was filled with flavor and delicious. The spread and beef were our favorites. Took away one star because service and timing fell completely off at the end - it had been going so well until our last dish. As the mussels were being cleared away we were told the beef was resting and would be out shortly...and then we sat there for well over 20 minutes waiting for the final dish and our server was nowhere to be found (after consistently chatting and checking in all night). We were enjoying the dinner, but as time went on we were pretty sure something had gone wrong and felt our table was being avoided - a little communication would have gone a long way. The shift in service at the end with no acknowledgement about the odd delay (so completely different from the rest of the meal) put a little damper on an otherwise incredible meal and restaurant, but would happily go back and assume it was a one time thing!
"Stopped here for dessert and a cocktail. It's super cute and trendy but I wasn't impressed with our desserts. They were just ""over done"" in the sense of trying to be too complicated of flavor profiles. They were all floral-y as well. If that's your jam than you'll love it."
"The food was fantastic, just as everybody said. Our server was knowledgeable, courteous and ever present - which, sadly, is not the experience that other diners have had, but it sounds like a training issue for a new restaurant, that's pretty common. 

I sympathize with the people who have complained about having to order all their food at once. (The Odd Duck has the same policy, and it's really annoying.) I don't know what I'm going to eat until I see how much food is on each plate. It's worse at Vixen's Wedding, because the dishes are radically different sizes; sure, some dishes are marked as shareable, but it doesn't say the shareable chicken is a whole chicken. It's twice the price of a ""non-sharable"" dish, so you might think it's for two. We did.

Here's the solution: order what you want, and tell the waiter what dishes you want to come out together. Ask how much food is on each plate. Order a little less than you might otherwise, and save room for dessert (you won't be sorry about that choice). Above all, enjoy yourself; savor each dish, they all deserve your full attention."
"Decor: Gorgeous.  A real eye for detail, lovely place to eat a meal.  10/10

Service: Good-natured, but forgetful. Knowledgeable about the food. I would have preferred to order one course at a time, but the request was to order everything at once.
One thing I found odd- the Piri Piri chicken came out whole, and when I asked for the kitchen to carve it, I was directed to the carving knife and fork.  It would have been easy to carve had I been in my kitchen with an apron on, but when you're dressed up to go out, not really something you want to do.  At $38, it would have been nice for it to have been carved and it would have really added to the meal. 8/10

Food: The sourdough and methi paratha breads with chutneys were wonderful, the rouge de bourdeau was a sticky mess.  The ceviche was awesome, definitely one of the best I've had- light, well seasoned with an interesting crunch and citric bite. The Piri-Piri chicken was well seasoned, and had interesting sides, but I didn't enjoy carving a whole chicken myself. The prawns and poha-crusted fish were delicious and had a nice spice to them.  They came after the chicken- we probably would have asked to end with the chicken if we'd had the choice. 9/10

Overall, a lovely place to eat unusual and well prepared food.  I realize that it's a new place still working out the kinks, and we will be back."
Food is excellent but the menu is misleading. The Goan dishes are no where close to the type of dish(es) that is served in Goa. E.g : Vindaloo would be a thick red based curry in Goa, here we were served just pork ribs with a slight hint of vindaloo flavor. We also ordered for prawns with sour sausage which was very good but nothing to do with the Goan preparation. I think the waitress can do a better job in explaining the menu specially for people with Indian origin ( since we know the Goan preparation). Otherwise, it is an excellent place to dine and loved the ambiance.
"This place deserves every bit of five stars. The chefs confidence and inspiration is easily recognized in the dishes when you try the chef's tasting menu. It's different. Hard to say for Austin.

It's confidence to pair with the freshest of seasonings that makes it a wonderful experience. I will be back. Thanks Carson"
Excellent atmosphere. Several vegetarian options most of which were tasty. The fried green beans were great. The Dahl was very good. The bread was just so-so and the piece that I got was extremely salty. The butternut squash plate was average.
"I am so surprised at the reviews here ! My waiter was spectacular. My dinner date arrived early said that the wait was horrible but it's a new restaurant what would you expect. She just waited at the bar and grabbed a drink. 
The restaurant is medium sized and has outdoor seating but no one wishes to sit outside in this heat lol! The decor is super cute macrame everywhere and lovely light fixtures! 
I am still kind of wondering why it's called vixens wedding though ! ?? 

Any who it's more of a small portion tapas type place. So if you think bigger in Texas no it's more of a small sharable type place. I ordered the poha crusted fish  and  matta red rice my gal pal ordered mussels cataplana and the bread of course! I forgot the spread we ordered but my friend was obsessed with it so she ordered some Togo they gave it to her without hesitation! 
We shared all the food  and we were both overly stuffed in a great way! 

The fish was so yummy but I have to say the musses knocked it right out of the park ! 

I'd come back again a bit pricy so probably for a special occasion! :)"
This place is so great! The vibes are perfect and I haven't found another place like it in Austin. Fried okra, shrimp, ribs and all of the breads/dips are a must. Definitely a great spot for a date night! Service was stellar.
"INCREDIBLE. Simple as that! We had a wide range of the menu items from the Pork ribs to the crusted fish, turmeric sourdough and cheese pao plate! Nothing disappointed, everything was interesting and unexpected in a great way. Even the dessert was unique and something new. The staff was super friendly, and offered tons of suggestions for certain food combos! Would totally recommend and we can't wait to come back. The menu is presented simply on a menu card with one side of options. Really cool you can make an entire meal out of ""smaller bites"" to try a lot of flavors, or a full on meal if you want maybe something to share or for a big flavor payoff!"
Great atmosphere and good food. I ate a ton of different things here including the shrimp samosa, the flat bread and fish dip (not the actual name) the pork buns, ribs and crab flan. Everything we got was really really great!...except the crab flan, the shrimp on it was good but man was it a weird experience that I didn't really enjoy. But now I know next time I go I won't get it. The atmosphere was cute with tons of baskets hanging from high ceilings. The drink I had was good too (goan places . This place is a bit pricey for my liking and the waitress tried to get us to order more food, which made no sense with already 5 dishes between us and we weren't starving, but overall I think it's worth a try if you're feeling something new.
"The vibe at Vixens is amazing - it's hype while still being a low-key place you can hang out. That is honestly the most millennial I've ever sounded but it's true. I'm from Goa so I didn't expect my moms home cooking but I was very pleasantly surprised with how these fusion dishes captured the flavor and spices from Goa. 

Things you definitely need to try: 
- the mendi paratha with cauliflower spread (no picture bc it was eaten like we've never had bread before, so delicious) 
- beet dosa (eat dosa with the beets)
- the fish thali (if you can spend it, don't be like me and accidentally order it without realizing the cost - the flavors of coconut and chutney were super tasty)"
"Wedding crashers welcome!

The first challenge you need to overcome is the heavy doors. If you starve yourself for the wedding, you might have to work hard to arrive at the table.

Inside you will see a cozy space filled with plants and cool lanterns. It reminds me of the bohemian style.

Their wedding food satisfies the guests and have their blessings for many more years to come. It's a union of an Indian and Portuguese couple so it's a combo attack. Get ready for a multi-course feast.

Start with the shrimp and papas bravas samosa. The samosa is crunchy on the outside with the aromatic filling on the inside. The tamarind sauce is the winner accenting the flavor for the whole dish.

Almaco crudo comes out in a bowl with the broth in the middle. Use your spoon and scoop the fish and the sauce. The light tomato-based sauce adds flavor to the texture of the fish.

Blue crab has a very nice presentation, like a rice crispy. Different flavors emerge as you chew on the food. Fantastic!

Smoked acorn squash makes your mama proud that you are eating vegetables. It is savory and sprinkled with roasted peanuts. It wets your appetite before you know it.

Hot and sour fish curry is a piece of creativity. The fish dressed in turnip scale swims in curry sauce, different than typical coconut-milky curry sauce. The fish is cooked just right. I don't know what type of fish it is but the texture is firm.

The entree is a holy cow: Texas Wagyu beef. Tender and flavorful.

Their cocktails have Indian influence with coconut milk, ginger, and carrot. Mine was golden lassi, Whatsup Doc, and Goan Places.

Overall, I would crash Vixen's wedding again and again."
"Pretty pretty!  Essentially an instagrammers dream.  From the decor, perfect picture areas and the structure of the food, they definitely put a lot of thought into how this spot presents itself.  It's trendy, colorful, fun and upbeat.  You will dig the atmosphere of this fresh, new spot.

We went around 7:00 PM on a Saturday night and were told we probably would not get a table, but open seating at the bar.  If you have your heart set on a table, don't risk it....reservation it.  We didn't mind and the friendly, attentive service at the bar was not lacking.

I recommend the Marigold Rush cocktail.  Slight spin on the classic Gold Rush and is quite good.  We also had the Evening star that was quite tasty too!

We went the sharing small plates route.  For 2 we had: cheese pao, shrimp samosas, ceviche and crab panisse.  Be aware that the majority of these are fried.  The ceviche was the star with a little spice, a little sweet and a nice crunch.  They were all good, but the samosas and ceviche were our favorites!"
"Been here twice and had very different experiences.  First time we got the chicken and it was phenomenal.  Huge portion with many different flavors.

Second time we got a mix of small plates.  I will describe them for you in great glorious detail.

Cucumber/yogurt salad - there were no cucumbers in this just a small pickle.  It was a melon salad with a foul disgusting bread.  Dish was even worse than the inaccurate description

Cauliflower- cauliflower in a cauliflower puree.  Very bland.

Eggplant - amazing flavors and well prepared

Shrimp samosa - kind of like someone threw up a very bad spicy tuna roll and then made a samosa out of it.  Inedible.

Wagyu steak - very good steak in a good curry sauce.  Bit pricey for the size.

Overall this place has been hit or miss.  I highly recommend the chefs try the dishes and update the menu along with the descriptions.  Definitely some dishes that do not belong on the menu.

My brother say trys the piri piri chicken.

3.0/5 stars"
"Everything was great: atmosphere, service, food, drinks. We had a very early dinner on Saturday and happened to catch happy hour, which was a nice surprise on a weekend evening and saved us some money. 

It seems like every new restaurant in Austin is farm-to-table small plates, which I do love, but this is finally something different. Not just Indian, and not a fusion that doesn't work. Everything was interesting and delicious, except maybe the coconut milk cake which was still tasty just not phenomenal.

Service was friendly and knowledgeable. I love the layout and decor. And the location is great for a date night to continue onto East 6th afterwards.

One note: Valet is $10, so street parking is the way to go."
We just tried this place tonight, and loved it. They have a very chef-y take on Goan Indian dishes. Everything we tried was interesting, flavorful, and surprising in various degrees. We tried the cheese bao (gougeres) fried green beans, mussels with chorizo and potatoes, sweet and sour fish curry, smoked acorn squash, turmeric sourdough, and two desserts. All of it was excellent. Try this place.
"My boyfriend brought me here for a surprise birthday dinner and we were very impressed! My favorite thing about the restaurant was that it was pretty empty! I know that won't last for very long so i'm glad we got to enjoy it. Our server was great and made awesome recommendations. We  got the holy basil colada and the marigold rush for drinks. We loved them both and they were on happy hour! we got the ceviche, crab panisse, and friend okra for starters. i can't say which is my favorite because they were all so delicious! the ceviche had a great crunch which was unusual but worked really well. we had the methi paratha for our bread and ordered the daily chutney which was grape. they were out of the grape so they brought us a plum instead which we weren't crazy about. luckily our server offered us a mango as well which we were crazy about! for mains we shared the cauliflower and the fish. The fish was excellent, the cauliflower wasn't my favorite but my boyfriend loved it.

Overall, we had a great time, didn't break the bank, and plan on returning!"
"Went here for Sunday dinner. They were very flexible and let us come in early for our reservation, which was much appreciated. 

Food reviews:
-Shrimp samosa- so good! The filling is insanely flavorful, and the outside is perfectly crispy. Definitely recommend.
-Smoky beet dosa- Woah. I don't think I have ever had smokey beets but that flavor was great. Also the sauce it came with/on the plate was delicious. 
-Fried okra- Okay so this is probably one of the best fried okra I've ever had, but that is not saying a lot. It was yum but it wasn't special. 
-Eggplant- I'm not a huge fan of eggplant but this was perfectly cooked and the sauce was SO good. It made me an eggplant believer. 
-poee- This was too salty. Like, unenjoyably salty. But we told the waiter and he brought us the paratha which tasted like herby pancakes an we devoured it. I would definitely order the paratha next time."
"I think I would like to come here for drinks, and I would like to try a meat dish or two, but because one person in our party was vegetarian (""I'm not REALLY vegetarian, I just don't eat meat or fish""), we ordered all vegetarian.  I would characterize every dish as ""interesting"" but I wouldn't order ANY of them again.

Everything else is lovely--just did not like the food."
This place is amazing. And the taste is on point. I'm so impressed my the fusion they created with portughese cuisine, without loosing any of the indian flavors i grew up with. Must visit.
"Food: so tasty and different. Went with a large group so asked if they could just bring out their top items. (We eventually had to tell them to stop because they were bringing out the entire menu)

Ambiance: great location and the decor is cute

Service: Terrible. Our waitress didn't seem to knowledgeable and took 20-30 min to bring out our drinks every time. (Recommend to just go up to the bar and order there)"
Amazing restaurant. I walked around delightfully but painfully stuffed because I could not stop eating!
"Gorgeous decor and delicious food. I've never heard of Portuguese-Indian fusion, but I would describe the menu as Indian with a Spanish twist if I hadn't been told. We ordered the Shrimp Samosas, Corn and Bean Chaat, Bread and Cauliflower. Everything was amazing! 

There are two reasons I give it a 4/5 stars. 1) No outdoor seating for dining. Maybe this will change once the weather cools. 2) The service wasn't very good. If you order a bottle of wine, they don't keep it on the table. That would be fine if the servers were more attentive, but my boyfriend and I found our glasses empty with our server nowhere in sight. Additionally, we had said we had never been there before, but our server didn't explain the menu. When we did ask, the server did not seem to know either... we ended up Googling a lot of the dishes, but we ended up making good choices.

I will definitely go back."
"Vixen's Wedding has only been open two weeks,

And it is already one of the ten best restaurants in Austin.

Yes, one of the ten best - and I have reviewed a lot of restaurants in this city.

Am I saying it is as good as Barley Swine or Fonda San Miguel?

Yes I am.

You readers can have as big a fight as you want over what the other nine restaurants ought to be.

But you will leave Vixen's Wedding having eaten just as well as if you had sprung for the tasting menu at Uchi.

* * *

Ignore the fact that they call themselves Goan-Portuguese.

Those reviewers who know something about Goan-Portuguese will tell you that the food served here is not even remotely similar to the food served on the West Coast of India.

Fine.

They made up the dishes themselves - with the loosest inspiration of something kinda sorta Goan. 

This is like Samuel C.s own personal version of Cincinnati Chili which you will never find in Cincinnati - or anywhere else in Texas. 

Vixen's Wedding is Austin Cuisine.

It is Great Austin Cuisine.

* * *

1) At the bottom of the menu are breads - three kinds.

Next to that is a cryptic reference to chutneys and sauces with no further explanation. (The chutneys apparently change frequently.)

Absolutely positively, order bread, one order per person at the table.

Absolutely positively order chutney, one order per person at the table.

If everyone wants to swap and share, fine.

Don't worry about filling up on bread. 

The marvelous dishes that are to follow are on the small side, so you will have room.

The bread is insane, and the chutneys are to die for.

We had a beautifully greasy paratha and a filling dark roll, accompanied by an addictive chickpea yogurt with secret spices and an even more addictive tomato jalapeno chutney.

That tomato jalapeno chutney might be the best salsa in town.

We went through those plates of bread and chutney with the same urgency that people go through bolt-of-passion sex.

Everything got consumed fast and we couldn't stop ourselves.

2) The bar serves pina coladas with tequila, basil rather than pineapple, plus coconut cream and pernod.

The drink was constantly full of surprises, all of which were good.

3) ""Average"" plates were smallish, but after all that bread, that was just fine by us.

Both dishes were sophisticated and fascinating.

My wife got the subtle one. The poha crusted fish tasted like pappadam. Pappadam tastes incredibly good. The fish gave things richness and body. The aftertaste was even more appealing than the first taste in the mouth.

I got the wild one. Mussels in a chorizo sauce with new potatoes, octopus, and huge leaves of various fresh herbs. I eat a lot of mussels. This was the most flavorful preparation of mussels I have ever had. Mussels marinara can go take a walk. There were not very many mussels in the dish. (Usually you get vast bucketfuls of mussels.) But each mussel was a show-stopping taste sensation.

I then spent the next half hour scooping up every last molecule of chorizo sauce. Whatever bread survived the chutneys was put to good use on the chorizo sauce. There was enough sauce left over to reward further effort with a spoon.

I went through those mussels with the same urgency with which we went through the bread.

But I made the sauce last and last and last.

4) I thought nothing could be better than the breads.

Then I got dessert.

They do a spiced rum creme brulee.

Oh.

My.

God.

Never mind the fact that the spiced rum creme brulee comes with an insanely good mango sorbet.

You could eat both in the same spoonful, but this would be a crime against good eating. Each deserves full appreciation by itself.

Never mind the fact that there is also fresh mango and candied beet on the table.

These make a nice graphic design and look pretty and taste good.

But nothing comes even remotely close to the pure wonders of the spiced rum creme brulee all by itself.

This needs no further garnish and no further combos.

(But yeah, that mango sorbet was really good.)

Spiced rum creme brulee.

Don't go home without it.

* * *

Supposedly this is their soft opening, and they are still working to get the bugs out.

All restaurants get better after their soft opening.

If that is the case, this place will qualify for twenty eight Michelin stars by September.

Eat here while you can.

Once word gets out, this is going to be a very very prime table."
"Took my bestie to Vixens Wedding for her birthday dinner. Because we didn't have a reservation they gave us the worst table in the empty restaurant. So make sure to make a reservation ahead of time if you actually want a good table.

We ordered:

Fried Green Tomatoes - holy hell this may've been the best thing that I've ever put into my mouth and I hate tomatoes with a passion. That mint chutney is lyfe!

Tortured Beets - brite & delicious. I know it sounds kinda boring but 10/10 highly recommend and will order again

Paratha - Me: ""I'm just gonna have a little piece so that I save room for the lamb"".... also me ""who ate all the fucking paratha???"" Hint, it was me.

Black Spiced Lamb - fuck me sideways. I'm dead, fucking dead. Just shut up and order it.

Merchant's Negroni - didn't have the same bitterness of a negroni and was a bit sweet. But it was delicious and I happily drank it.

Dessert - Meyers Lemon Tart - which was the perfect way to end a such a savory meal. Creamy, tart, refreshing..... roll me out, I'm done.

After we placed our order thr waiter suggested that we cut our order down in size since we're just 2 small females.... Well, I told him ""You don't know me, You don't know my life"" and insisted that he keep our order in tact. Needless to say we nearly killed ourselves trying to eat it all. It was SO MUCH FOOD. But we weren't about to let him win and shoveled it all down our throats. When we were done he asked about dessert and that's when the Meyers Lemon Tart happened, maybe to prove a point, maybe because we're human garbage disposals.... who's to say? I don't regret it, and will do it again. NO ONE TELLS ME HOW MUCH I CAN OR CANNOT EAT. I did however wake up in the middle of the night burning hot. My body rapidly increased my temperature to try and burn that meal off. The next day I couldn't eat breakfast or lunch and it wasn't till the late afternoon I that was finally able to eat a salad. This is some serious next level Thanksgiving shit we're talking about here. So order with caution."
Normally I'm not a cannibalistic person. I don't even like bone in fried chicken because it's just gross. However, the piri-piri chicken unleashed some primal urge in me and my dinner companion. We started off with manners, using utensils and plates before just going for a free-for-all. So folks, if you get the piri-piri chicken, be prepared because it's seasoned with crack and unicorn tears. Would recommend.
Love the vibe, atmosphere and interior of the place. Great staff. For the food part the food was okay. If you are going there looking for Indian or fusion Indian hard luck. I was served naan which was paratha with makhan(butter) and no side curry for 15$. Paratha hardly was seasoned. Basically it's not the naan it was a bread with no curry which was actually paratha. I liked the first dish in the menu with fennel. The combination of orange, quinoa and cardamom yogurt works really fine. The dessert was really yummy here though..Brownie points for the brownie. Overall, the place was fine. I personally thought it was not for me.
We went during happy hour and sat at the bar. Ordered two cocktails, the Goan Places (very good) and the Marigold Rush (not quite as good but I would have been very happy if I hadn't tried my partner's Goan Places). The drinks came quickly, and we ordered a few small plates. I've never eaten Portuguese or Goan food before, and had no idea what to expect. We ordered the heirloom corn and bean chaat, the almaco ceviche, crab panisse, and shrimp samosa. My partner was skeptical of the ceviche. It's ceviche, he said. How different can it be. It was fucking gooooood. Initially it was all citrus and sour but then everything balanced in my mouth and it was sweet and tart and the textures and crunchy and I loved it. I don't know how I'll go back to eating normal ceviche. The crab panisse is like a crab hush puppy log. The crab is flavorful and obvious, and the texture - I don't know what a panisse is made of but maybe ground beans? Perhaps chickpeas? They're served with a white sauce, maybe yogurt, kinda like you'd serve hush puppies with a tartar sauce. The shrimp samosas came two on the plate. They were fried perfectly, but some bites I could taste the shrimp and others I couldn't. The insides was a mix of something mashed, which tasted good, but I couldn't place it. The green tomato chutney served on the side was delicious and spicy but not too much. The corn and bean chaat - I have no idea what a chaat it. But it's like a good, hearty salad with anything but greens, and the dressing is I think also yogurt based and on the bottom so as you move your spoon around, you get all the good things in one bite. We finished up our food and, despite being full, ordered the coconut milk cake. After we ordered, we wanted a glass of wine, and it took a while for any of the three or four people behind the bar to notice we had an empty cocktail glass. There were maybe 10-12 other people eating at the bar, and probably half had already been seated when we arrived, so I can't blame it on the staff being super busy. By the time someone asked if we wanted another drink, our dessert had come and had been half eaten (it was weirdly salty, and only after being mostly eaten did I realize there was salt sprinkled on it), so getting a glass of wine was no longer desired. Will definitely go back, but hopefully the service will improve. The restaurant has only been open about a month, though, so I'm sure it will.
Pricy but the food is worth it.  The bread is awesome and the wagyu was so tender.  The cocktails are also nice.
"Before posting I decided to read prior reviews that weren't so stellar. Most of which occurred approx 6-8 months ago. I also read the recent one from April S (which you should also if you're interested in a more detailed post of someone's experience). 

I would say this experience has been in my top 3 on Austin after moving from Chicago. The  of Vixen's wedding itself is lovely. The environment is an amalgamation of Indian and southern comfort. It's a nice surprise from the simple design of the building. 

The server was clear from get go letting us know it's Indian inspired (don't expect curries and vindaloo). We laid out all of the options we were considering and opted to let the server choose what we would get and how much. Perhaps risky but worth it undoubtably. 

We started with the cheese pao, followed by a couple of ""just right"" dishes including blue crab and another with chickpeas. We ended with 
piri-piri chicken/peanut/new potatoes which was amazing. Everything was full of flavor and well seasoned. The sauces really enhanced the chicken that was cooked perfectly. My only regret is that we didn't photograph everything because it was gone before we had the chance."
I've been super excited to visit Vixen's Wedding. The atmosphere is so pretty I loved it! Service was excellent, dishes are small you need to order a lot and it's pricer but very gorg and very good
"LOVED Vixen's Wedding! 

My friend and I ate dinner here last night and had such a good experience. The space is beautiful, the service was friendly, our colada cocktails were delicious, and the food was outstanding - different than anything else I have had in Austin! 

We started with the breads and spreads/chutney (we ordered them all) and were obsessed with each, the fish spread was our favorite. 

We also had the ceviche, the corn curry, the samosas and the fish - each dish was delicious but the ceviche was insane -- crisp, refreshing, spicy, interesting, we almost ordered a second one. 

Already planning my next visit!"
"Stayed at the hotel above this restaurant and didn't want to pay the 15 dollar Uber to another restaurant that may or may not have taken walk-ins. I had already read that this restaurant was a hot and new restaurant on the Austin food scene and Goan food sounded interesting so my wife and I decided to see if we could get a table. Lucky for us one was available right away. 

Service was fine and did not drink since we planned on doing plenty of that later in the night but the cocktail list looked interesting. The wife and I decided to order every carb we could in order to set the spongey base for the booze soaked night to come so we opted for the trio of bread dishes available along with three condiment pairs as well as a cheese bread appetizer and the beat dosa dish. 

The wife and I agreed that the cheese bread, dosa and paratha were delicious. I would highly recommend those items. The cheese bread reminded me of the brazilian cheese puffs and were inhaled rapidly, the paratha was perfectly buttery and spicy and the fermented dosa flavor worked well with the earthiness of the beats. I also really liked the turmeric sourdough that was on offer that night but the wife wasn't as big a fan (expected considering she hates turmeric). 

The biggest disappoint of the night was the whole wheat flatbread which, aside from being brushed with a liberal amount of ghee, wasn't really very interesting. The condiments that came with the breads were tasty albeit a little pricey at 2 bucks a piece. All-in-all I enjoyed the meal, set myself up nicely for the night to come and only had to move two stories from my room. I'd definitely recommend trying this restaurant out, especially if you are staying upstairs."
The food was great!  The Dahl was the best I've had.  The ambiance and service was also stellar. Will definitely be back!
"Fantastic atmosphere and interesting, delicious food. Had a great time here and exploring the menu was fun! Location on the east side across from Whistlers is a really good spot.

Started off with cocktails - Goan Places (rum) was so delicious! The cheese pao was ok but the side of sourdough was delicious and comes with a yummy spread. The waitress recommended the sourdough to dip in the mussels and it was so good. The mussels themselves were kinda meh but dipping the bread made up for it. We also got the fried green beans which were crazy good and the pork ribs which were delicious!"
Sometimes you go to the new hot spot in town feeling a little weary...is it just hype or am I really going to love the food? At Vixen's Wedding I was not disappointed! The food was just as good as the atmosphere and I loved this marriage of Indian and Portuguese cuisines. Last time I had anything close to this was in Goa. I highly recommend! The service was also on point!
"We had heard that the Lenoir team had opened a new restaurant and were looking to check out some different with our foodie friends for dinner. We made reservations without trouble about 2 weeks in advance. The host promptly greeted us and was really friendly. She sat us at the table instead of making us wait for our friends to arrive. Then our waiter promptly arrived at the table to share the drink menu and welcome us. We ordered a glass of wine and the Professor Plum cocktail while waiting. When our friends arrived we got a run down of the menu. For 4 people, our waiter recommended 3 smalls, 2-3 just rights, 1 bring a friend and a bread or 2.

We ordered: cheese pao, turmeric sourdough, beets, eggplant, gunpowder cauliflower, mussels, vindaloo ribs, black spiced lamb, and saag. Everything was delicious. After having been in Rio last year, I can say they definitely got the pao right. Standouts for me were the vindaloo ribs and the mussels. The mussels have the most delicious broth to dip your bread in.

I will agree with others, that nothing blew me away. But we had wonderful service. (My friend is gluten and dairy free so each dish that was brought out was well explained so she knew what she could eat and they even put some of sauces/yogurt on the side so it would not touch the food--giving her more options.) And the food was delicious.  I won't be rushing back but would happily return again."
I've been twice, the first time with my husband and the second time with a larger group (5) for a work dinner. Both times I liked all the food; the coconut saag is a stand-out and I loved the ribs as well. However, the service is problematic. The first time, my husband and i were happy to share and everything went well. However, when I went with a group, we had two people with dietary restrictions (gluten and dairy) that made it just easier for everyone to kind of choose what they wanted and not share. Our server was really displeased with this. He essentially scolded us, told us this was not the way the chef would course the meal, and mentioned several times that he really encouraged us to share. I get it, this is part of their thing--but also, be flexible when your diners have needs that make something else necessary! We were all very uncomfortable with the waiter, and basically felt like we were in trouble every time he checked in. I had actually booked Vixen's Wedding for a similar work dinner before we went this week, but just cancelled it. I want to go somewhere where the diners preferences can be accommodated, or at least not be judged.
"This review is for 4.5 stars.

Very solid all around.  Happy Hour everyday from 5-6pm and easy to snag a spot at the bar, even on a weekend.  No TV and small beer lsit, but wine by the bottle long.  House cocktails very sweet or Indian-focused and not many bourbon or whiskey-based.  House sparkling wine extremely dry so would not recommend, but the plum sparkling cocktail was good if you're into tart drinks.

We ordered the cheese bread and regular pita bread off Happy Hour menu and the blue crab and piri-piri chicken off main.  Food was really good and came out timed perfectly.  Waiter was able to guide us to the correct way to eat dishes like ordering pita with the crab to scoop rather than just fork it.  Cheese pao should be complimentary though and not $5/5.  This should be the signature opening and make people want to come here, similar to biscuits across town at some other stalwarts.  The blue crab was kind of like a tartar shape with what looked/tasted like rice krispies on top and some hidden pomegranate seeds that come out. every few bites.  Terrific dish and great order to close out any meal that has a small and a large order, to make you full.  

Chicken was a full baby bird and you do all the work by yourself.  Carve it up eat it yourself.  Apple sauce added a thanksgiving type of taste, while the almond hummus was perfect for the bread to dip.  Piri-piri sauce a bit spicy, but the skin of the chicken is what packs the heat.  Awesome potato and chicken itself cooked well with equal parts dark and light for all those eating.  Fantastic dish that gets messy but well worth an order.  One of the best large plates I've had in Austin, especially for chicken lovers.  Only downside of this dish is a $2 upcharge for additional piri-piri sauce that the waiter did not warn us on.  Don't mind paying the extra, but need to be transparent.

All in about $110 after extremely full dining experience and 2 drinks each on Happy Hour.  I think this place is still a little unknown so doesn't have that buzz to get the dining going.  Also under a hotel so essentially a ""hotel restaurant"" which might put off those locals a bit.  But I say worth a try even if parking is tough and prices a bit higher than normal."
"Y'all. I mean. So good! Great atmosphere and food presentation as well as taste duh. Definitely not a ""traditional"" cuisine but amazing nonetheless. Not pictured but also amazing: the Golden Lassi cocktail drink (beautiful presentation), Coconut Saag (probably my favorite dish I had) and the Sweet Potato Custard (I'm not really a dessert person and this was wow a must have)"
Came here for their Valentine's day prix fixe menu that consisted of several small dishes to share, plus a dessert bar after dinner upstairs at Gin Bar. We arrived on time and were seated immediately. The tables are placed very close together so it was easy to hear your neighbor's conversations. I ordered the mango lassi, which was delicious. I was worried that there wouldn't be enough food since the plates are so small, but I was pretty stuffed at the end! I loved the duck the best, but everything was interesting and very different. The servers were informative, food came out pretty quickly, and there wasn't really and waiting around for service. The dessert bar afterwards was gorgeous with a huge selection of different sweets (mousse, cakes, macarons, chocolate, etc.). I'll definitely be back for more special events!
"This is a new restaurant and cocktail lounge whose sous chef came over from Lenoir.

My girlfriend and I stumbled into this place during a soft opening, and we basically sat at the bar for hours because the cocktails were so good. By the time we left, we had drank every cocktail on the menu, ate the Cheese Pao, and already planned our next visit.

The next time we actually sat down at a table. Our waiter Nic was highly attentive to us, made recommendations, and was extremely friendly. We had the Cataplan, the Rib Vindaloo, topped it off with the Creme Brulee, then washed it all down with a bottle of prosecco and a flower black tea. Everything was delicious, and the Creme brulee was easily the best I've had, especially with the way they prepped and garnished it. I also enjoyed the Cataplan enough that I boxed up the broth so I can create my own marinade.

Ambience is definitely modern, and other parts of the bar have chairs and couches for lounging around.

Definitely coming back"
I'm a big fan of Todd Duplechan.  I got to know him a little from the early  days of Lenoir, he's a nice guy and I love his food.  I was excited to read about the opening of Vixen's Wedding, made a reservation for a Sunday, and was not disappointed.  I loved the Goan Places cocktail (had 2) and all the food was great.  We had the crab panisse, the ribs, and the poha crusted fish.  Also ordered the methi paratha bread and the mustang grape chutney.  I've never been to Goa however I know yummy, well seasoned food, and this is it.  I wasn't familiar with the dishes but trusted Todd to serve good stuff.  Food prices are reasonable but our bar bill was a bit high.  Hell, you gotta live, right?
Absolutely wonderful meal. The food was out of this world. The service was excellent.  Wow!!!  Great atmosphere too.  I will be back, thank you for a great experience....
"Despite the trendiness and hotel location (get over it, everyone is officially a tourist in Austin now, hope you invested in airbnbs) the food is quite good.  

-Started at happy hour for some Turmeric bread thing, and crab cakes.  The ceviche i'd give 10/10 for uniqueness and flavor.  But I would've easily ate two servings of the crab sticks and called it a night.  Rib dish thing was flavorful and unique.. not the best quality meat or freshness.  6/10.  Its a hot and happening place with a decent vibe.  The Decor is very worldly but the bar staff could use a personality...typical band dweebs."
Stopped in here last week, such a cool place. The vibe and decor are great. Lots of good food and drink options. Our server, Matt, was super nice and helpful. Great spot for a special dinner!
"Food is still amazing but service seems it doesn't live upto its food quality. 

I went there as a group to celebrate my bday with friends. I love this place and went there to introduce my favorite restaurant in town. We got awesome sourdough, fish to share, ceviche was fantastic.. Staffs did great job setting up, the food was amazing. 

Then why am I giving the 3 stars? The service was awful. The waitress was not paying attention, missing some of our orders and having trouble remembering who ordered what. Needless to say when we split the bill she was not nice about it. The service I had was not meeting the quality of the restaurant and food. I hope they care about the service more. I had better experience sitting at the bar."
Delicious and unique food in a beautiful room. You truly don't realize you're technically in a hotel restaurant. Loved the gunpowder cauliflower and porchetta.
Blown away! The food, the service and the ambiance - all incredible. Our waitress was so friendly and every dish was so thoughtfully prepared. The interior design was gorgeous and I can't wait to return! Everyone go now!
"I've been twice and the food is exceptional.  My
Boyfriend was resistant because he thought he didn't care for Indian food.  He's a convert!   Will definitely be back."
A really unique and one-of-a kind restaurant in Austin. We had a wonderful experience with amazing service, ambiance, and a unique food menu. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because while the food is really really good, it isn't best I've had for this style of Goan/Indian food. However if in Austin I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.
"I think this spot deserves a three star only because of the ambience and service. Food is sub par and nothing to write home about. 
Each dish takes really long to be presented so be prepared and unfortunately isn't as flavourful imo. Might come here again but only for a drink."
"I don't give 5 stars easily. This place WOWED me! Great atmosphere:open & full of light (large windows) & fun, upbeat music. Happy hour has several tasty offerings, including DESSERT!? Color me HAPPY!

Our waiter, Blake, was SO friendly & helpful walking us thru our first visit! Thanks, Blake! 

Happy hour drinks: Evening Star (vodka ""martini"") & Lifted Spirit (scotch & tamarind). Both very tasty & not overly sweet (which we LOVE.) 

We had the pork ribs, happy hour bread & spread, happy hour fried green beans, smoked acorn squash & tortured beets. Every dish was stand-alone GREAT! Lots of ""wows"" & closing of the eyes in appreciation! Then the subtally, delicious chocolate tart with French press coffee. PERFECT! We'll DEFINITELY be back & bring FRIENDS!

Come in & read the story behind the name! ;)"
"I looove Indian food, and was really excited at the prospect of a Goan-Portuguese option in my neck of the woods. Austin in general is lacking in exotic or even more internationally diverse food options, so this kind of cuisine is welcome. The restaurant is very cute, well-designed, and our server was sweet and enthusiastic.

I should probably start by saying that I am happy to pay a premium for unique-tasting and exciting new foods. The appetizers were delicious; the ceviche was fresh and flavorful, and the shrimp samosas were unique (not your run of the mill potatoes and peas) and filling. The drinks were also pretty delicious. 

I was less impressed with our main dishes, which were a cataplana (super salty) and the ribs vindaloo (amazing sauce but the ribs were very chewy -- not a good look in a city of BBQ). The manager was gracious enough to remove the ribs from our bill, but made a passive aggressive comment about how he was surprised we didn't like it because everyone else seems to (?). This was not a cheap dinner -- for 2 drinks and 3 dishes, we were looking at $100. Again, happy to pay that price if the meal delivers.

All in all, this is a hip, design-forward new spot with good potential, and most spots understandably have their kinks to work out in the first few weeks. I hope that their team is open to feedback and continues to smooth out these wrinkles. I'll probably be back for a drink and an app at the bar, and maybe, eventually, another dinner, if my friends' experiences are a bit more positive than mine."
This place was high on my list and came with a lot of hype. I was excited to try it out but not as impressed with the execution. The inside is pretty amazing and the decor is awesome. I was so expecting the food to live up to the hype. The food was just okay. It was lacking some flavor and just had no wow factor. We did have a variety of dishes and nothing really blew us away. Everything was just very mediocre. May go back to try their happy hour.
Great food but the service is subpar. The waitress was rude, refused to take our order unless we told her everything we wanted at once and then proceeded to mess up a few of our menu items. I'm very forgiving when a mistake is made but there's no excuse to to have an attitude about it. Nonetheless, I really enjoyed the food and the ambiance. Super cute spot!
"Very nice place and great atmosphere. The servers are very attentive and the food and drinks were really good. It's a bit spendy and small of dishes for the price (we left feeling hungry even after supposedly an entire meal) and ended up getting some tamales from next door directly after this :p
The food was really good and we really liked everything. The cheese bread was not as flavorful as others we've had (Mueller Sunday market) and certainly more expensive. It's a really nice interior and they're in a great location so it's a good place to get some food then bar hop!"
"I don't write reviews often, but seeing some negative 1 stars fired me up enough to share my experience. I think Vixen's Wedding has done an incredible job of creating something special and inventive. The expectation they set is to deliver food and drink ""Inspired"" by Goan/Indian, Portuguese and Texan Cuisine. Emphasis on ""Inspired"" not ""Traditional."" They 100% deliver on that promise and do so in a GORGEOUS setting. 

It is clear the team spent a lot of time and energy in melding flavors, concepts and generally pushing creative boundaries in food, drink and decor. These efforts paid off in what I found to be a truly remarkable, one-of-a-kind experience. 

To eat, we ordered the Cheese Pao, Tumeric Sourdough, Beet Chutney, Chaat Fried Okra, Crab Panisse, Pork Ribs and Roasted Lamb. To Drink we ordered the Goan Places, Holy Basil Colada, Marigold Rush, Evening Star, a Sauv Blanc, a Cab Sauv and some Tawny Port to finish off the evening. I think we covered our bases in terms of exploring the menu and were really impressed with everything including the great service at the bar. 

Some details below on my stand outs:

The Cheese Pao were spot on, like the kind you find at a Churrascaria. Warm with a slight crust on the outside and bouncy/spongy on the inside plus cheesy goodness. 

The Tumeric Sourdough was clearly a bread conceived of and executed by a true baker. Crunchy crust, slight buttery toastiness on the edges, warm soft and buttery on the inside. With a flavor that brought together the tanginess of sourdough with the earthy-sweetness of turmeric to perfection.

The Pork Ribs were cooked perfectly. They fell off the bone without falling apart. The flavor ran deep into the meat and the sauce on top was just the right amount of curry heat and sweetness without being too overpowering. 

The Roasted Lamb was a show stopper that delivers on the price tag ($40). A giant shank of meat cooked to the perfect level of tenderness, moist through to the bone with a bark that would rival many a pit master around town. The black spice pepperiness balanced well with the sweetness of the meat. The accompaniments elevated the flavors with vinegar, sweet, spice and tang. 

Check this place out if you are looking for something different that calls back to flavors you've tried before but delivered in a unique way.  I can't wait to try more of their menu and enjoy more experiences in that stellar space."
One of the best meals I've had in Austin. Well balanced courses and flavors. Inventive dishes but still offering the comfort flavors and spices you crave. We did the price fixe dinner and it was worth every penny. Highly recommend. Compliments to the chef. I also felt like staff and our waitress were incredibly welcoming and warm. Our waitress really knew what she was doing and we enjoyed picking her brain on what flavors and foods we are eating.
Beautifully designed spot. Grabbed a seat at the bar & ordered the shrimp samosas, pork buns & panisse. All were spot on, tasty little dishes. The tequila selection, although pretty limited, was well curated and priced extremely well. In a city flush with lots of ever expanding new options, Vixen's sits above. Solid spot for your next dining adventure.
"Went there for my wifey's birthday. Ambiance is superb. To describe the food it would be Goan Portuguese Fine Dining.
We had the shrimp samosas which were delightful. The cashew chutney was flavorful.
For main course we had the Pork Vindaloo Ribs. OUT OF THIS WORLD. Just wonderful. The Coconut Salad to compliment added another level to the whole dish. Would recommend 100%.
Don't expect Indian food here. It's an amazing fusion place with  small pockets of flavours."
Really beautiful interior design nice and relaxing place. Food.... amazing! Especially Prawns with sour sausage and Shishito peppers! Cocktails.. every cocktails unique and delicious . I do recommend this place!
"Indian fusion is a rarity. Vixen's Wedding is the first Indian fusion restaurant I went to, and it certainly didn't disappoint. 

I had the nilgai Tartare with roasted cashew butter on top. The nilgai meat was chewy and juicy: I would've kept coming back for the Tartare. It's a real pity that it's only part of the limited restaurant week menu. I also had the pork buns, which was less tasty. The pork buns felt a bit soggy, and the pork inside tasted over-seasoned. The chutney was absolutely delicious. I wouldn't have minded just getting a jar of that glorious chutney.

East Austin tax. All the items range from $12-20 each with the exception of the bread. Also no parking. There's a parking garage nearby."
While we had a really good time here with friends for dinner, I have to admit I agree with the other reviews. Service was great and our waiter was very familiar with the menu, dietary needs and recommendations. The food came out fast and the wait staff was attentive all night. The decor was really cute and unique for being in a hotel. There is also valet parking. As for the food, it was all good but nothing I'd come back for to be honest. I think this is a great restaurant for a hotel that visitors may eat at once and have a nice evening. My favorite dishes were the mussels, saag side, and the beets dish, and my husband said he liked the pork ribs and the lamb. I wish I liked this place more to come back again, but there are so many good restaurants in the area I'd rather go to again.
"I wanted to like Vixens Wedding so much more.  They have been on my list for a while and finally made a reservation with my girl friends to go.  When I arrived I was so excited because its SO SO SO SO cute inside and out (made me want to redecorate my house), but the food was underwhelming.  We were greeted and seated at a really cute table and our server promptly greeted us and told us about Vixens wedding and the type of food they make and took our cocktail order.  

There were 3 of us so we decided to order a few things and do a sampling of the menu.  

The food:
Eggplant - Not great, I think the eggplant could have been cooked longer
Fried Okra - The best of the night, the aioli with it made the dish
Samoasa - Not a fan, a little fishy (I should have known better).  I ended up digging the filling out and just eating the flaky outside with the sauce.
*We had a weird thing with the samosa, we ordered as a group to share and said we wanted a samosa (thought that was clear that we were sharing and ordered 1), 3 were delivered to the table all on one plate so we just assumed thats how an order came but then when we got our bill and we were charged for 3 orders.  It does make sense that an order was 1 samosa but I wish our server would have clarified how many came in an order and asked what we wanted (we would have only ordered 1) because we certainly didn't need 3. 
Poha Crusted Fish - Just okay, was expecting more flavor but it was a litle flat 
Pork Short Ribs - Massive portion and came with rice and various chutneys.  It was tasty but it was the last thing to arrive and we were a little full.
Methi Paractha - tasty and the blueberry dip with it was smokey and delicious.  

I would just said Vixens Wedding is middle of the road, super cute place but the food is just okay.  Not dying to come back, maybe for a HH when there are some deals or if they revamp the menu."
This place is really awesome. I went here to celebrate twin friends' birthday. Plenty of vegan and vegetarian options are available, as well as options for meat lovers as well! Everyone in our varied-diet group was happy, although nothing was really to die for. It was all quite good though. The interior is a lovely, fun ambiance. We tried a variety of cocktails among us all and they were yummy and interesting to try, but nothing super stood out to me in that regard. Maybe I didn't try the right one :)  It is definitely on the pricier side for food. I would still recommend going here to enjoy the ambiance and decor, but if I go again, personally it would just be for a happy hour and I would just order a well drink rather than off of the cocktail menu. The atmosphere was the best part! :)
"A fan of Lenoir, I was excited to see what their next venture would look and taste like. Based on one visit shortly after they opened and now a repeat visit just a couple of weeks ago, I can say that I'm definitely a fan.

For me, while every item I have eaten here thus far has been really good to excellent, the highlight are their bread options. I'm not easy to please when it comes to bread to begin with and I thought all 3 kinds they offer were fantastic. Their Methi Paratha is especially delicious. For the uninitiated, it very much resembles a flour tortilla, but the best kind like the gloriously handmade flaky and buttery ones you'd find in the Rio Grande Valley in South Texas. In fact, I'd go so far as to say the Methi Paratha at Vixen's Wedding just happens to be the best flour tortilla you can find in Austin.

The atmosphere is bright, open and colorful. Service was very green on our first visit, but vastly improved on the most recent one. Their cocktails were tasty and nuanced and while the dessert was not my favorite, you could tell there was a lot of care that went into its creation.

Definitely looking forward to future visits."
"I didn't know Indian and Portuguese fare could fuse into deliciousness, but thanks to Vixen's Wedding. I still don't quite know how to describe the menu, as most of the ingredients were foreign to me, BUT, that being said, every plate that came to the table was outstanding. 

The lamb dish in particular was bountiful (other dishes were tapas style in comparison). A star main/protein if you're debating between some of the ""Bring a Friend"" side of the menu. The lamb was cooked beautifully and I loved the complement of escarole and stone fruit chutney. 

I have no idea what spreads we had, but they were delicious and added to the pillowy, flavorful breads (also can't quite recall which ones we ordered). 

Okra was nice, but a little dense and heavy, so would prob do a different ""small"" next time.

Service was a bit off, from no one greeting us, to having a reservation but just seating us at a table that didn't seem to be reserved at all, to drinks being brought to the table slowly and just general lack of interest in us being there overall...we were asking a lot of questions about the menu because it was new to us and those were not necessarily met with knowledgeable answers or sympathy for us struggling with the menu. 

That being said, though, we had a wonderful dinner, food wise, and I would definitely return again for a cocktail at the bar and to explore more of the unique food offered there!"
"Vixen's Wedding has been on my radar since I saw mention of it when it was just an announcement that the Lenoir chefs were going to open it. Finally went for dinner tonight and it was by far one of the best meals I've had in a while. 

First off, it's beautiful inside. Bright and colorful with Goan vibes. 

The menu is split into small bites, slightly bigger and totally shareable between 2-3. The entire menu is shareable and if you're like me, order a few things to try it all! 

I appreciate how many veggie options they have for my veg friends! 

The tortured beet and dosa was excellent!

The sweetbreads were perfection. 

Loved the acorn squash. 

And woah, the piri piri chicken was outstanding. It's a whole chicken and you'll have to carve it yourself but it's worth the work! Order some rice and a paratha to enjoy with the chicken. And please use your hands!! This isn't meant to be eaten with a fork and knife. 

I'll be going back for the cheese pao and cocktails. Doing dry January so ordered the Papa Don't Peach and evening that was super satisfying! 

Overall, loved dinner!!"
I really like goin here its staffs are friendly and food are delicios i love the chicken with peri peri fries and with garlic tip and hot sauce.and nice place to have dinner or nice lunch.
"I'm a fan of Nando's peri-peri chicken, I really am. But I hadn't been to a Nando's in a really long time after having a disappointing experience at another location. However, I was craving peri-peri chicken and since I'd never been to this location before, I decided to pop in. 

This location is really nice. The decor is very modern, their light fixtures are really cool and interesting to look at (yes, I really did just type that), and the service was great.

I came in during lunch time and was told to pick a table since it wasn't very busy. It was a working lunch for me, so I picked a table close to an outlet so that I could plug my laptop in. Like all other Nando's locations, you have to order at the counter and then it gets brought out to your table. 

I went up to the counter and ordered the peri-peri chicken wrap with the lemon & herb sauce and potato wedges on the side. I was quite surprised with how quickly my food came out. I had only been working for less than 10 minutes before it got dropped off to my table. 

The wrap was fairly small for what I paid, but nonetheless, still delicious and flavourful. I didn't realize how hungry I was because I chowed down the whole wrap and all the potato wedges in less than 10 minutes. My overall dining experience was fairly quick, but I hung around a bit longer after eating to get some work done. They didn't seem to mind since it wasn't too busy. 

If you visit during the summer time, I'd recommend sitting outside on their nice patio. Peri-peri chicken and some sunshine? Win win."
The Peri Peri chicken still tastes the same, always consistent. Lately I have been going back to chain eateries, some of which have tasted differently but the formula for this has remained the same. I was craving chicken this week and this was the first place I thought of. I was nowhere near my regular Nando's but a quick Google search took me to this location as the nearest. It was busy as it was dinner time and there was a lot of people waiting to order and have take out, however, I found that they were organized in getting the orders out in a timely manner. The wait wasn't long but understandably longer than normal given the peak. I just worked on my zine. I loved the staff as they were amazing and friendly.
I love nandos, and this new location is spacious, clean and modern, so what's not to like? The staff is very friendly and pleasant as well, making the experience that much better. I usually rotate between only a few items: nandos chicken, peri peri fries, rice, garlic bread, caesar salad, so I can't vouch for their other food items, but everything I order is good! If you for some reason never had nandos before, get their chicken (in your preferred spice level) and peri peri fries- you can never go wrong with these. Oh, and make sure to dunk your food in some peri-peri sauce! The only complain I have is that when you order take out, sometimes the amount of fries you get is inconsistent- often making you feel ripped off and wanting more. Other than that, a great place for a quick and delicious meal!
When I was in London, I used to go to Nando's all the time as it was right next to my office. I am a vegetarian but used to love their vegetarian burger and especially their peri peri sauces and peri peri fries. Seattle do not have Nando's, so when I found Nando's while visiting Vancouver I was pretty excited. However, I was disappointed that they do not carry a wide selection of sauces as they did in London. Also, the burger was not similar to what I am used to. Peri peri fries was still the same.
Mothers Day was a packed day! Long line up, people waiting at the door for sits. The staff were all attentive and quick to accomodate everyone and making sure we get our food in a timely manner. Great food, clean restaurant  and polite staff! My 5th time in this location!
Great tasting chicken! Stupendous staff! Place can be packed on weekends but fun and inviting. The place is very cozy. Portions can be small. You'll be needing 2 sides with your chicken or their family packs for the value of your money and leaving you with a happy belly.
"Hello! We are back at another Nando's! Yes we come here pretty often but sometimes you just want to have some chicken in their signature sauce. To be honest I just come for the hot sauce and yes I know you can get them at the store but it's different when you experience it in the restaurant!

Every Nando's location has a different aesthetic on the interior but this was our favorite yet! It was soo gorgeous on the inside from the stain-glassed lighting to the sleek seating, it was almost as though we were in a bar!

What I also liked about this location compared to the others was that they had a sign that dissuaded the use of straws! They actually hid the straws! At all the other locations we have been at, plastic straws were easily accessible so good job on not having it at this location!

The chicken wasn't coated in a lot of sauce after it was grilled and we noticed that the char here was quite a bit more intense compared to the other times we have had Nando's. We didn't mind though because I love charring!"
"I got an order of chicken and fries. Food was prepared fresh. Chicken tasted great with the flame grilled flavour. The chicken was also tender and juicy. Fries were fresh when I received the order initially but got a bit soggy by the time I ate my meal. 

Restaurant was clean, tidy and organized with take out orders during the covid restrictions. Staff were friendly. I prefer their mash potatoes over their fries as the mash potatoes still tastes great after sitting around awhile. Fries are better if you plan to eat your meal right away."
"Nando's is always tasty. Do yourself a favor and get those cooked-to-order wings, my friend. Top it off with a few pasteis. That's good eatin'.

We gotta somehow convince these guys to open a restaurant in the States..."
I love this Nando's! The location is big, open, nicely decorated and the staff is very friendly. The food is delicious, and they serve you very fast. I will definitely be back here in the future. Thank you !
"Good place good chicken, decent priced. All and all pretty good for a nice dinner party or family night out. 

Chicken is good, and so is the cleanest, but service is average at best.  Great place!"
"I haven't been to Nando's in years...but have always had good experiences with the good in the past. I'd been meaning to try this location since I keep finding myself at this strip mall lately. I've been twice in the last month now and I have to say: I want to keep coming back!

On my first visit I came in to order take-out. The space is very clean, airy and big. It has warm colors and vibe and there's lots of sunlight penetrating the space making it feel very inviting. Right off the top a super friendly lady greeted me from the counter. I think she must be the manager because she really seemed to be in control of the flow of the kitchen and wait staff while at the same time managing customers coming in. You order at the counter, take your order number and grab a seat. They bring the food for you. It's not complicated, so to those complaining you don't know what to do, stop complaining. It's not rocket science.

Anyways, Narissa was incredible. There's so much new stuff on their menu and she did a really great job of asking me the right questions to help with suggestions on what to order. She even let me sample the chili jam as I was curious about it!

My first visit I ordered the Halloumi & Chicken salad. I really loved the combination of ingredients and how super fresh & bright everything was. There was just the right amount of crunch from the salad fixings and the chicken was well grilled. I also just love halloumi and this one has good texture and flavor (not rubbery). The only issue I had was the salad dressing. It was too acidic for my taste: I think a creamier vinaigrette might work better. I wished I had ordered a side of that chili jam for some relief.

My 2nd visit, Narissa remembered me by name and that I usually am looking for take out for work! She was just as energetic and caring as the first time and she just makes me smile! This time I stayed for my meal. I ordered a wrap with the new peri chippers on the side. Wow. Wow! Those peri chippers are AMAZING! Freshly made, thinly sliced potato chips, it kinda puffs up but still has that crispy texture. I'd come back just for a giant plate of these.

I'm looking forward to coming back and getting more stuff. Check out their menu, cuz there's a lot of cool stuff on it!"
"I haven't been to Nando's in a long time but had a craving for the Peri Peri chicken.   I haven't been to this location in Richmond but decided to give it a try.

Modern and spacious place. They are definitely prepared for lots of people doing take outs because they have a separate line for it.  Take out servers were fast and friendly and didn't get your order wrong.  

The peri peri chicken hasn't changed and it is still so flavourful, though the chicken size is a bit smaller.  The livers in lemon and herb with garlic bread was really well done.  I like that the hostess knew the menu very well and can give suggestions."
Great tasting chicken! Catchy music. Spacious but busy location. Would definitely come back.
"Had tried out this food joint in India as well and I feel there was a difference in the flavours - may be just a little bit - I liked it here as well 
Great place if you are a chicken lover"
"This place used to be good but it has definitely lost some consistency as of late.  Went in to order a full chicken and one of the breasts tasted like a dry rubber shoe and old.  While the other breast and wind was juicy and tender.  I could tell immediately as the older one was missing most of its skin and looked like it had cancer.
Regardless my wife has the legs and they were decent so we decided to share another 2 legs and side.  When we went up to order we changed our mind before paying and wanted to add one more side for the combo.  Was told they couldn't do it it was already rung in. Now I really don't know why they couldn't change our order this was literally 30 seconds later and we haven't even paid yet.  The girl and the front was giving us attitude from the very beginning when we brought up an spc card. We shrugged it off.
We used to come to this location pretty often but really felt unwelcome.  They never checked up with us on our food or offer us napkins.  The only one we got was with the serviette that they gave us with plastic forks.

I understand we are going through a pandemic and we need to be nice to each other so I didn't make a fuss about it at the time but it's been bothering me all this time how bad we were treated.  While the white couple next to us were brought water and refills and napkins and got checked up on 3 times when they were here for like 10 mins. 

I don't call racism since most of their staff was Asian as well but there was a huge disparity in service and attitude. We usually leave tipping till after we see how the service is so maybe that's why as we tip after.  This time it worked in our favour as this was some of the worst service ever. Might as well ate at the food court"
"Nando's is my hubby's and kid's favorite.  My hubby gets the medium-flavored chicken. My kids love the lemon and herb ones.

My daughter, who's a picky eater can eat two pieces of chicken with a side of rice. It's amazing!

Personally, I love their chicken liver. They make it so tasty. I only order the lemon and herb because the peri-peri/spicy version drowns out the liver flavor.

Wish they had more nando's in America."
