If you looking a good quality lunch, picking something for dinner, this new Hainan chicken joint is the place to come.  Clean, quick and very reasonably priced, and friendly service!
"Ordered: 
- Hainan Chicken (single order) with Chicken Rice $10.48 
- Beef Brisket Curry with Jasmine Rice $11.95

I have been searching for the best Hainan Chicken in Metro Vancouver and my expectation was high since this place was recommended by a friend.

Little to my surprise, the restaurant layout was more like a fast food restaurant, although bright and comfortable. There were only three main courses on the menu - sorry to those who don't eat beef or chicken. You would have to order at the cashier, take a number, and take your food at the counter.  They serve their food in disposable container (not very environmentally friendly).... 

Any way, let's move on to the food - 
Hainan Chicken - average - I've had better. Chicken rice - not very fragrant, didn't have much chicken escent. The sauces were okay.
Curry Beef Brisket - too salty! - not ""soft to the bite"" enough, small portion, not worth 11.95

Not sure if I would come back again...for a while."
Quick, flavourful chicken if you're craving Hainan chicken. Love that it's dark meat! The half chicken is better value for sharing for 2 people, and if you're really hungry, one person can finish it. For a family, definitely go for the full chicken. So happy to find this across the street from where I live!
"在溫哥華這樣一個移民城市裡，匯聚了世界各地的特色餐廳，星馬泰美食當然也必不可少。只可惜許多亞洲餐廳由於食材來源跟原創地有所差異而只能改良成為適應加拿大的風格。所以我每次吃到這種改良版的星馬菜，總覺得有點失落，就盼著哪天才能吃到原汁原味的當地特色。今天光顧這家海南廚房，顧名思義可以猜想到餐廳主打的是星馬美食，更以新加坡風味的海南雞為招牌菜。餐廳的餐點確實稱得上少而精，只有海南雞、咖哩雞、咖哩牛腩三款可供選擇，另外還有一些港式飲品提供。

餐廳的內部裝飾同樣是簡而清，配合落單方式和用完即棄的塑膠便當餐盤，感覺有如商場美食中心的格局。顧客先到櫃檯落單付款，等候取餐作堂食或外賣帶走，食完後將即棄餐盤及剩菜放到回收箱，全部自助形式進行，不要期待任何服務！"
"Self Serve set up. Small menu option. Essentially Hainese Chicken single order, half chicken or full chicken, curry beef brisket or curry chicken. And drinks. That's it. Seat yourself. My fav was the beef brisket. I expected more from the Hainese Chicken but found it ""ok"". I've had better. I found the meat to be tougher & drier - maybe I'm just use to soft, soggy, North American chicken?! Anyways overall I thought it was ok. Not sure it's worthy of being in the regular rotation."
"As the name says this is a specialty restaurant for Hainanese Chicken, recently opened, simple decor and its set up is like a food fair stall; you order and pay and pick up for either take out or eat in.
Tried their Chicken and Curry Beef, the Chicken is average. The Chili and Green Onion/Ginger sauce is not bad. Chicken is boneless, tender. The Chicken Rice pilaf was done just right; flavourful and not oily! 
The other dish is Curry but there is not a hint of curry spice in the dish! This is more like Beef Ragout/Stew, if that's what it really is then it's good, but it's supposed to be Curry Beef!?
Kitchen service is slow as there is only one staff, plus the cashier, as I was waiting for my order more and more customers arrive I can clearly see that the kitchen is overwhelmed! Hope they will have more staff so that they won't have customers waiting for too long, as the place is set up as a fast food joint!
Anyways, will be back to try out the Curry Chicken and see if that will have more Curry flavour!!"
The hainese style chicken tastes very good, sauces are flavourful as well. Only blemish for this place is that the lemon tea tastes terrible.
"Hai there Hainan Kitchen! I always love welcoming new restaurants with a different twist on classics. 

Their main dish is Hainanese Chicken but I have to say it's not like the typical super smooth, slippery marinated chicken I'm used to when I think of Hainanese chicken. Their chicken is still top-notch with it being tender but it's not a silky smooth texture - it's just tender chicken. Regardless, the flavours are there to create that harmonious and delicious Hainanese taste. Dipping the chicken that's already been bathing in the sweet soy sauce into the crisp spicy chili sauce and the savoury garlic/green onion sauce is a perfect combination! Then add in the not too oily rice that has been steamed in the chicken broth and it's protein and carb deliciousness!

The salad that came with it was crisp and the dressing was a sweet, tangy compliment. 

The seating area is clean and simple. The menu is straight-forward and not overwhelming - with other menu items like a beef curry and specialty drinks like HK Style drinks like milk tea and lemon tea. Free parking at the complex. Hainan Kitchen is next to Chatime.

Overall, a great new place to have a good meal and drink!"
"This restaurant has a very small menu which makes ordering fairly straight forward. I really like hainanese chicken so I made it a point to try this place when I was in Richmond. My date ordered the beef brisket curry. Food is served food court style. 

The chicken was good. The chicken rice was alright. I was expecting the rice to be more aromatic, oily and flavourful. The sauces were great. The salad was average. The lemon honey drink tasted as expected. I tried a bite of the beef brisket. The beef was tender and flavourful with a strong coconut milk undertone.

My main complaint is that they can be a bit more environmentally friendly by using less disposable items. Everything is geared towards take out style.

The restaurant accepts credit card which is a plus. There is ample plaza parking available. They should also try to clean their restrooms daily as I only used the restroom to wash my hands. I can tell by looking at the sink and toilet, it has not been cleaned in weeks. There was no paper towels to dry hands. It is probably a good idea to skip the restroom unless you desperately need to use it."
Everything was pretty straightforward; ordering was simple and quick. Food arrived shortly after ordering and the portion size was good. The chicken was tender and juicy and came with multiple sauces that blended in nicely with the rice.
"Atmosphere: Very bright and modern inside, lots of space for 2 - 4 people. 

Price: Market Value

Customer Service: Friendly customer service. 

Food: Hainanese chicken rice is what I came for on recommendation. The chicken is average but the portions were respectable."
Their food is yummy!!! They even take the chicken bones out for me. I love the rice flavors.
"Located in the busy Garden City Plaza. Parking could be hard to find depending on the time of the day. Small but clean restaurant. Seating was rather limited; however. 

We ordered a half-Hainanese chicken for take out @ $15.98. It came with sauce, salad, and rice.  The chicken wasn't bad and it was completely deboned. The texture of the meat was also good. I've had  Hainanese chicken where the meat was way too soft in a disgusting kind of way. Overall, the dish was ""ok"" - it was yummy but nothing about it screamed ""wow"" - exactly a 3 star in my mind. 

What I didn't like was that even when you dine in, they used those plastic bento box containers and utensils. The service was also extremely slow. It appeared that they were quite understaffed. The cashier was also not very friendly.  Essentially, it was basically higher-priced food served in food court style setting.

As you can see from my photo, the menu selection is rather small. I may come back for the beef brisket."
If you're looking for Hainanese chicken, this is the place to get it. The chicken is incredibly tender and the rice is full of flavor. But the best thing about it is the green sauce that comes with the chicken, 1000X better than the traditional ginger/scallion oil. I can't wait to be back in town to eat here again.
"Ordered Hainan Chicken rice set and a Beef Brisket set + 2 hot milk teas. Price was reasonable for under $11 each. With teas, total came to roughly $27. Self-serve/take from the counter.

Boneless chicken makes it easy to eat. Agree with earlier reviewer Melissa C that this is not super smooth chicken though found it to be decent enough. Found Brisket however was disappointing, needed way more cooking time.

Rice was a bit dry, no chicken soup. HK style milk tea was strong though taste alright."
"Amazing Hainanese chicken. Deboned too, which is so convenient.

The chicken flavoured rice is soft, fluffy (not mushy), and so flavourful.

The condiments are the best part. There's the usual ginger onion sauce and sweet chili sauce, but they also make this green onion pesto like sauce that's so addictive. Tastes like everything is homemade.

Full chicken rice is only $30, which is huge value for the quality. You get a full deboned chicken, two boxes of rice (choice of regular or chicken rice), and the three condiments."
Great Hainanese Chicken comparable to Aberdeen without the parking headache.  They take cash or debit/credit and very convenient.  Great casual place to go to anytime of day while their open!
Check yelp prior to visiting the place, so I know they only have 3 items on the menu.  Ordered the hainanese chicken with lemon tea. Portion size was pretty good, chicken was tender and the sauce was flavourful.  Only thing I didn't really like was their lemon tea so can probably skip that.  I wouldn't say it's as good as mamalee or cafe d'lite, but I for sure wasn't disappointed.
"Great Hainan chicken at an affordable price.

I've had many Hainan chicken dishes in Richmond and I would put this in my top 3. This place serves only 2 dishes: Hainan chicken and Singaporean-style chicken/beef curry. I mainly come here for the Hainan chicken, however. Each serving of the Hainan chicken dish comes with your choice of plain white rice or flavourful yellow rice, salad, the usual dipping sauces, and either a quarter, half, or whole bird. They also serve half the chicken as white meat and the other half as dark meat. When I first tried the chicken, I expected the white meat to be dry, but to my surprise it was actually juicy. Normally, I would prefer dark meat because it is always tender and flavourful, but this restaurant makes white meat Hainan chicken extremely satisfying.

The restaurant is set up mainly as a fast food joint, so don't expect staff to serve you while you're seated. However, do expect to enjoy some great food dining-in or taking-out!"
Our favorite hainan chicken place. We order take out from here at least 1-2 times per week. The chicken is boneless and tasty and the rice is not oily. We also almost always order the curry beef brisket as well. It's a simple menu done well.
I consider myself a Hainan chicken snob.  I've had it everywhere I've been.  Singapore..Malaysia.. Australia.. etc.  This place is good.  A very solid 4/5.  I ordered a full order of  chicken and it was awesome.  You get your choice of dark or white meat or a mixture.  Chicken was good...sauces were great.  Here's the thing...it comes with a side salad and I loved it all.  I usually never eat the side salad anywhere.  This was yummy.  This place will  be my go to for Hainan chicken.
Small little place in the strip mall on Garden City and Blundell. I ordered the single order of Hainan chicken combo. Only a few tables and some stools at the window for seating. Not a big place but this place is good for a quick bite for lunch or for some takeout.
Finally! An amazing Hainanese chicken rice near my place! Will be back to try the curry chicken and beef brisket!
Good Hainan chicken rice, portions are a little on the small side. There are only 2 food options so very little choice
Just move into this area and found this small place only sell 3 items. The Hainan chicken are nice and you can chose only white meat with extra $1. The sauce are a real plus with the chicken, will try the curry next time.
Found this while on our way to Vancouver. Just perfect for lunch, quick service, clean environment, food was great. Chicken very tender and rice flavorful.
"Visited for the first time today. Small store with limited seating. Decor is bright and simple. Newly renovated so the seating area seemed clean.   

We ordered the full chicken. It was delicious. Full of flavour and the 3 accompanying sauces were equally tasty. 

My one complaint or concern for that matter is we noticed the chicken consisted only of the breast and a few pieces of the dark meat.  The legs and thigh seemed to be missing. Having ordered a full chicken, one would expect the whole thing, not 3/4. 

I will happily change my rating to a 4 or 5 if a valid explanation is given. 

I'm interested to know if anyone else shared the same experience."
I have tried their Hainanese chicken & rice.  It tasted pretty good and I quite like their sauces.  It is a little pricy but It is a decent take out place for a fast & flavourful lunch.  I rather come here now than going to Master Hung across the street for lunch.
"They only serve 3 dishes - Hainanese chicken rice, beef brisket curry and chicken curry. 

I'm not really sure if it's Singapore Hainanese chicken rice they are trying to re-create. In any case, you will never find such yellow rice for Hainanese chicken rice in Singapore. It seemed common in Vancouver. I asked other restaurants about that yellow rice before and was told it was due to chicken fats. I don't buy that story since you can probably find more chicken rice stalls in Singapore per square feet than in any other places, and I have never seen that kind of rice. 

The chicken is not the traditional Hainanese style where the chicken is poached and then dipped in an ice bath to prevent over cooking. It will also create a cold chicken meat with slippery skin. Personally I do not like cold chicken so I am ok with warm chicken meat. I prefer the roast chicken version which cannot be found here. 

Chili sauce makes or breaks the dish in Singapore and this is not the best. Then again, all the sauces here are never similar to those in Singapore. 

For Vancouver, I think this is an average dish but definitely not worth driving out to Richmond for. 

Maybe that explained the empty restaurant when we were there. I was expecting it to be crowded from the reviews here."
Yum! I'm not usually a big fan of Hainanese Chicken but this place changed my mind. The chicken is nicely cooked and the sauces are the perfect addition. It's also a plus that I don't have to work at picking out chicken bones since it's deboned. I will definitely be back!
"Few weeks ago, I went to a newly opened Singaporean eatery, Shiok. During its soft-opening week, I heard some good things about it, and it is hard to find authentic Singaporean cuisine in Vancouver. So, I decided to pay a visit with Ethan. 

We arrived at 5:30 pm on a Saturday, and it started to get crowded around 6 pm. We grabbed our seat first, prior to ordering. This eatery is partially self-served. We need to order the food at the counter first. Then servers will bring over the food to the tables. 

The menu has limited items in each category, but they also have special items written on the blackboard that change in a rotational basis. 

We ordered Kopi-C and Teh. The owner said that the main difference between Singaporean coffee and others is that Singaporean coffee beans use butter in the roasting process, which gives a thicker and smoother texture. Kopi-C is Singaporean coffee with carnation milk, while Teh is a tea with condensed milk. Both are not bad, and they pair well with the meal. 

Kueh Pie Tee is one of the special items, and the dish comes with 5 pieces. Inside the crispy shells, there are carrots, shrimp, and peranakan spice of jicama. Though the appetizer has a crunchy texture, it is bland. I hope to have sauce or additional spice in each piece.

I ordered Laksa, which is an authentic Singaporean dish. It is a curry soup base, and you can choose between white or yellow noodles, or mixed. The bowl comes with bean curds, fish cakes, shrimps, and half of the hard boiled egg. The noodles are slightly over-cooked, but the soup is flavourful. The portion is perfect for me, but it is relatively smaller size than normal. 

He ordered another special item, Beef Rendang. It is a spicy curried coconut beef, serviced with rice. Though it is only $10, the portion is what you pay for. The taste is okay, but nothing stands out to make it special. 

 * Overall Impression *

I've heard a lot of good things about Shiok prior to our visit, but I think the dishes are hit and miss. The price on the menu is inexpensive, but the portion is relatively smaller. So for Ethan, he can easily eat two Beef Rendang in addition to the appetizer and drink. It is a family-owned restaurant, so everyone is friendly. As a restaurant in the soft-opening stage, its service is good, and there are no delays on orders.  

Taste : 3.5/5 * Service: 3.5/5 * Ambiance: 4/5 * Quality-Price: 3.5/5"
"The problem with high expectations is that it is seldom realized. This was Shiok for me. 
Let's highlight the positives.  About time we had a Singaporean restaurant in town. Simple set up, but clean and efficient.......if you help to clear your own dirty dishes. Prices are very reasonable. Flavours for beef Rendang and Chili Squid and Shrimp was good. Presentation is weak compared to Asian restaurants in town.  Laksa lacked flavour, even though it is the most nicely presented dish. Owners and family were very friendly and sincere. 
Negatives, unfortunately at the end of the day, would I come back? Not for a while I think, as the overall experience did not live up to expectations. 

At the end of the day, I wish them success and hope they keep improving. We need more restaurants like this in town."
"Months ago I saw this little place getting ready to open and knew I must give it a try as there are not many Singaporean restaurants in Vancouver. 

A few weeks ago, I went for lunch and had an opportunity to share a bunch of items with friends. All in all, I enjoyed the food & the service was great. For Saturday lunch, they opened at 11:30am but a line up already started forming at 11:15am. When the doors open, the place was packed in 10 mins. The restaurant is small and hold under 30 people.  The turn over is fast, like around 30ish minutes, as it's an eat and go place and people don't linger knowing there is a line up. 

You order the food at the counter, given a number to place at your table and the food is then delivered to your table. When finished, take your plates, utensils and cups to the dirty dish cart. This keeps the price down and I have no problem in helping this family run place. 

We had:
Chicken Wings: lightly touched with shrimp paste and crispy. It came to the table hot and crispy. 
Roti Prata: roti was light and crispy on the outside but soft inside. The gravy had a nice kick of heat.  Not creamy like curry. Don't know if this is how it should be or just water down that day. We saw many people ordering this and they enjoyed it. 
Boneless Chicken Rice: you can choose either white or dark meat and we selected dark. A lighter note than the traditional Hainanese chicken rice but they were not there to copy it. This is their version and it was good. The dip for the chicken was a dark and thick but sweet soy sauce. Again different from the classic green onion and ginger sauce. 
Laksa: choice of yellow or white noodles so we took the white rice noodles. This laksa smelled wonderful but the taste was on the light side. Not as creamy or flavourful as others I have tried. Should have taken the yellow noodles. 
Iced kopi coffee which is served with condense milk: strong, cold and sweet. 

I would come back to try other items on the menu."
I have been here at least 6-7 times the past few months since they had their soft opening. They truly do have authentic Singaporean style food here which is very pleasant. The food is absolutely delicious. It is a family ran business and they do a good job and being able to handle busy times in regards to how long the food takes to get served after you order and pay in advance. Great place to have lunch !
"Solid 4.5 stars for this humble indoor hawker eatery owned by a true blue Singaporean family. Reasonable prices and some really nostalgic homegrown dishes to enjoy here. Particularly loved their shrimp paste chicken, laksa and nasi lemak rice, achar, and chicken congee with that signature maggi powder taste. Also their sweet sambal chilli is the bomb I could eat that as a meal itself. For those that like spicy and strong flavours where u have steam out of ur ears, theirs is on the milder side but it suits me just fine :) think they can improve on their bak kut teh 
And maybe the chicken rice though! Expect a very casual self serve ambience. When I miss Singapore like crazy at least shiok keeps me relatively sane. Hope they survive through covid - support local businesses!"
Made a visit with some friends. The food was absolutely delicious!! We practically got everything on the menu except for the vegetarian dishes. The curry puff pastry was so soft and filled with delicious potato and boiled egg! My favourite was the chicken rice and laksa! It has a rich broth and delicious ginger rice for the CR. The only downfall was the otak otak (fish cakes). It was SO TINY and not worth it! Shiok's prices are similar to Hawker's Delight on Main but the food is WAY better here!!!
"Heard there was a new Singapore restaurant. My daughter & I checked it out. It is on Kingsway, if you are going westbound, it is passed Victoria Dr, street parking available but limited. Newly decorated with clean & simple decor. You have to order before you find a table. If you have a big group of people, I highly recommend you come early. You have to decide what you want first. You order & pay at the counter, they are friendly & patient. Self serve on your utensils & if you want cold water. Nice touch in adding lemon to the water urn. We ordered chicken rice with a mixed of dark & white meat (no extra charge) , they asked what you prefer- dark or white meat. Laksa with white & yellow noodles, the white noodle is your typical ""lai fun"" that comes with the laksa. The yellow noodles is the fresh egg noodles. We also ordered the chicken wings fried in prawn paste. We ordered curry puffs,mee rebus, pandan chiffon cake, longan jelly & pandan cassava cake for take out.
The chicken rice was flavourful & the chicken rice chilli was spot on. The laksa gravy was thick & good, they serve it in the typical ""rooster"" bowl, very nostalgic. The laksa is served with laksa leaves, sliced prawns, sliced fish cake & blanched bean sprouts- an enjoyable dish. The fried chicken was piping hot, you can smell a hint of the prawn paste, we enjoyed it very much, $5 got 6 pieces of drumstick & mid wing portion is reasonable. My daughter liked the longan jelly & the pandan chiffon cake was good, worth $3 a slice, light & airy with full of pandan smell & flavour. The pandan cassava cake taste like cassava- I would give it a miss.
My husband loved the mee rebus. All in all, a great new place for Singapore food! Will definitely come back again to try the rest of the mains on the menu. 
Please be kind & remove all your dirty dishes into their appropriate buckets for them. Then the next group of patrons can find a table quicker, the staff are quick to quickly clean the table after you clear up your own dirty dishes."
"Wow! It's been awhile since I've found a Singaporean or Malaysian cuisine restaurant that I've thoroughly enjoyed! I'm happy to report that Shiok Singapore Cuisine delightfully surprised me with it's authentic flavour! This is a family run place where you order at the counter and then seat yourself. It is similar to that of a canteen/cafeteria set up. Remember to put away your dishes when you're done eating! Oh, and they also have a points card! For every $10 you spend, you get a stamp. Collect 10 stamps to get any 1 item on the menu free. 

Here's what we ordered:
Mee Siam: 4/5 My dad enjoyed this noodle dish, but I didn't like its flavour profile. You can definitely taste the tamarind in it. I haven't seen this dish on many other SE Asian restaurant menus so I would try it out if you haven't before. 

Boneless chicken with rice: 4.5/5 My chicken rice craving was satisfied with this dish! Not only was it not greasy like some other places, but the flavour was perfect as well! I would have liked for a bit more chicken, but at $10 a plate with a bowl of soup, who can complain! I also like how they give you the option to choose white meat, dark meat, or both!

Laksa: 5/5 The flavour of this laksa broth was unreal! It was fresh, thick and legit! Many other places I've been to dilute the soup. Hands down one of the best laksa I've had in the Greater Vancouver area! They offer you the option of white rice noodles, yellow noodles or both. 

Teh Alia (ginger milk tea): 3.5/5 The ginger flavour was noticeable but not overpowering. For me, I like my ginger tea strong and spicy so that's why I'm giving it a 3.5.

Shiok Singapore Cuisine, I will definitely be back regularly!"
I had the chicken rice which was amazing. The roti prata was good as well. However, I felt like the curry was a little watery and felt more like soup. Although the food was very authentic, I felt like the portions were a little too small for the price. The tables were too close to each other and I found myself squeezing through to get to my seat. Otherwise, it was a good experience and I look forward to visit again.
"Shiok是一間家庭式經營的星洲菜小館，於2019年6月開業。店名「Shiok」是新加坡俚語用來形容食物""好味Yummy!""的意思。店家的特色是由落單、付款、找位坐、餐具飲水及將用過的餐具送到指定回收處都是自助形式，服務生只會將你點的餐送到桌上，這種安排也算是一種彼此互動吧！如果你想要熱水的話，可請員工代勞送來

餐廳的餐點選擇不多，四款小吃包括炸雞翼、印度手撕餅、沙爹和釀豆卜，主食六款有海南雞、叻沙、娘惹咖喱雞、泰式炒粉、乾咖喱牛肉及辣拌海鮮，都是星馬的知名美食。最後是幾款廚師推介小食、多士和咖啡。價錢方面主食全部劃一$10元，看似非常經濟抵食，但實質份量偏小，以我的食量起碼要兩份主食再加小吃才會夠飽啊！"
My first try of Singapore food. Very good. Not too spicy for this guy. Great decor. Lovely owners.
Very authentic, price are reasonable, noodle and chicken curry are the best. will visit again for sure.
I order the beef redang puff today . Is new on the menu is so good highly recommend and the chicken wing / Alaska is awesome.
Nice and friendly family restaurant. The place is quite full, all tables were taken, mostly with people living in the neighborhood. The menu is simple and not many dishes. I tried the boneless chicken, was quite tasty. Prices are reasonable.
"Knowing that there was a new Singaporean food restaurant opening on Kingsway. I was very excited.
I went there and ordered some takeout . The Hainanese chicken  was not impressed,Laksa was very spicy but tasty. Beef and chicken Satay were good with sauce.
The beef Rendang which was recommended by the owner was ok and the sweet Chili eggplant was so salty with the sauce.
I don't think I'll visit again."
No wait at 6 pm on a Thurs night. We found free 2h street parking across the street. Three of us tried the prawn chicken wings, laksa, curry puffs, beef rendang, and tau pok. We especially loved the piping hot, crispy and flavourful prawn chicken, the flaky shredded chicken potato curry puffs, and tasty beef rendang. The laksa was good too with shrimp paste flavour. One of us really liked the tau pok. Nice, friendly Singaporean owner manned the till. He accepts credit cards. Approx $35. He came around to ask how we liked his food. Nice decor with air con and lemon ice water. Clean washrooms. A lady helped us clear our dirty dishes. Didn't see any free wifi.
"Amid the virus crisis, this place is only open for takeout or delivery now!
The door was barred when I arrived. The guy inside used a broom to push open the door and asked for my order name. He then put my order that was all packed up on the table separating us. I grabbed my order and the door closed behind me. You can tell they were being very careful handling orders and eliminating chances of the virus spreading. 

I ordered the Mee Siam, Hainanese chicken rice, fried wings, laksa with egg noodles and chap chai.
The Mee Siam and laksa were my favorite. Both were very flavourful and true to what I've had in Singapore. The hainan chicken was good too. Rice was very fragrant, the chicken was good but not super moist. if you've had amazing chicken rice in Singapore you know what I'm talking about! The wings were also crispy and juicy. I could've done without the chap chai. There's nothing extraordinary about this dish but I wanted some veggies to go along with my meal.

All in all, I would come back and try some of the other dishes or just to satisfy my mee siam craving!"
Excellent Chicken Curry, Prata and Rendang.  The chicken curry gravy and Rendang has authentic spices and flavor.  Very friendly owner.
"Great to have more Singapore/Malaysian food options.  

Newly opened. Friendly staff and clean.
You order at the cash till, pay, get a # and they bring the food to you. 

Their portions are similar to hawker style portions in Asia. So don't expect large North America sizes.

Roti - good size but a big soggy. My son enjoyed it
Satay sticks - small but tasty!!!
Laksa - chockfull of goodies and for me, it was plenty spicy
Haianese chicken:  chicken not much taste but the rice was delish!
Tau Pok - tofu stuffed with beansprouts. Too weird for me
Teh - Very smooth and would recommend!
Chicken wings: Tasty, crispy and yes, there is a prawn spiced taste! sort of like a shrimp chip coating. Love it!

You also get a customer stamp card.  Every $10 spent, get a stamp. 10 stamps get you a free item.  This can easily add up in 3 visits if you enjoy tasting everything. 

You put away the dirty dishes. Honestly, I don't mind at all. Just a little bit of mindfulness goes along way and helps keep prices down. 

I would go again, especially for the chicken wings and of course, try the other items."
"Shiok is a good Singaporean restaurant that has just recently opened. The food here is delicious. They make their dishes really well and what's even better is that it's priced pretty well too! Win win! The downside of the place is that it's small. Like really small. They can fit maybe 20 people? 

Maybe. 

Ambiance isn't anything special. The people who work there are friendly though and respectful. With regards to service. The staff brings the food out to your table. But when you're done eating. You'll need to bring your dishes to the dirty dish tray yourself. 

Overall. I'd give Shiok a 4/5 rating."
"Finally came here after driving by so many times.  You order at the counter, they give a number on a small stand and you find a seat. I'd recommend finding seats first though as it gets busy.   You also grab your utensils, water, etc at the counter. They'll bring the food and any drinks/extras you ordered.

We ordered the laksa, mee siam and some chicken wings.  The laksa was really good. I got the yellow noodles for it.  It has sliced shrimps, tofu, bean sprouts and I think some sliced fish tofu. It had a nice kick to it but not so much that you lose your taste buds. 

The mee siam was actually more sour than we thought but I probably should have taken the hint when the guy said ""It's sour, you still want?"".  The menu says its sweet, sour and spicy noodle so my mind thought of normal sweet and sour type. 

The wings were good too.  The outside was crispy, the inside was tender and overall, good flavor.  One thing was they are a little small.

All the mains were the same price so I wasn't expecting large portions but they are a decent size for the price.  The place looks small from the outside but can probably fit around 25 people or so."
"A friend recommended this place & Shiok did NOT disappoint. During these uncertain times, they have taken all the right steps to keep their customers & themselves safe. 

Easy to ordering through their website. Fast turn around time.  Straightforward pick up at the front door. Bonus points for their minimal takeout packaging.

Oh yeah, about their food:) I have ordered the Laksa, Roti, Wings, Beef pastry & Mushroom Vegetarian dish. All delicious. Very flavourful. 

I am a fan!"
Great place, the only place in Vancouver that has Kaya toast, and they make their own Kaya
Yoooooo there's a Shiok in town If you're a sucker for a hawker's stall, there's a new kid in the block! Boasted with comfy seating, air conditioned environment, this half service restaurant is friendly and promises to bring back memories from Southeast Asia  Roti Prata, Laksa, and Mee Siam were ordered that night and we especially enjoyed the Laksa  Roti Prata was tougher than the ones we usually had. The Mee Siam was a delightful dish as not a lot of places offer it. Unique tangy flavours coming from the tamarind gravy really gives this dish a kick! Looking forward to trying their other dishes
"Family came here for a Saturday dinner. Walk in only. Last call is at 7:30pm. 

It feels like a food court style restaurant: order and pay first, find your seat and wait to be served. Kitchen starts preparing your order after you are seated. Remember, return your dishes and clear the table after meal.

I can take very spicy food. Therefore, I found the spicy dishes here were mild. Also, I do not prefer savoury dishes with a stand out sweet taste. As a result, the dishes here were on the sweet side for me. As someone enjoys strong tea, I found the Teh here lacked the flavour of the tea.

Overall, I think this place is better for take out with good value."
Food here is decent but it's either over or under seasoned. I had the Mee Siam, it had the sweet, sour, and spicy but it for overwhelming in the end because it was salty. I also ordered the fried chicken wing, and it was bland. I ended up dipping the chicken wing in the Mee Siam's sauce.
Enjoyed the wings, chicken satay, laksa and Chicken rice. All were delicious and good portions for lunch. Might need a dish more for dinner. The teh Tarik was great. Will be back for the wings. Yum!
I come from Malaysian/Singaporean descent so when I heard about this place, i was so excited to try it. The concept is that you order aT the till, find a seat, then the food comes to you. We ordered the chicken with rice (very small portion. Needed more flavour), mee siam (a little too sweet and watery), roti and kaya toast (both very delicious would order again), bak kuh teh - I know it's supposed to be peppery but this was overly pepperY and the long donut we ordered with it was rock hard. I had the Bandung drink which tasted very authentic. The cassava dessert was sold out but I will try next time. Will come back!
"Shiok is a newish Singaporean restaurant that opened up on Kingsway in mid-2019. I dropped by for some takeout in early October. The food's pretty good so I might wind up coming back to try their dine-in service.

First off, let me just say that their takeout packaging is a bit more unique than other places. Most of my items came wrapped up in butcher block paper. That might not be unusual if you're picking up a steak at the local butchery but I've never had a curry dish wrapped up in butcher block paper before. It does keep the packaging size down to a minimum (but your food winds up looking book-shaped).

A must at any Singaporean restaurant has to be the Roti Prata ($3) which is a flatbread served with chicken curry sauce. While flaky, I found it to be a bit denser than other versions I've had before but it's still pretty good.

The Boneless Chicken Rice ($10) is their Singaporean version of Hainanese chicken rice. To be honest, I found the rice to be a bit on the dry side. I was able to offset this a bit by using the leftover curry sauce from the roti.

I was really pleased with the Beef Rendang ($10) due to the meaty and flavourful beef. They slowly cook this until it's fork-tender and it has a nice spicy flavour to it.

The Chicken Wings ($5) were really unique and I've never had this kind of flavour in chicken wings before. The wings are deep-fried and coated with some type of prawn-spice which really imparts an umami flavour.

Last up was the tasty Chicken Satay ($5) served with a thick peanut sauce.

So, the food's pretty good but the take-out packaging leaves a bit to be desired - although I give them props for using compostable packaging (at least I think butcher block paper is compostable). Your best bet might be to dine-in but just note that it can be difficult to find street parking (especially if you visit when the no stopping on the street due to rush hour is being enforced)."
"Small Singaporean eatery

Shiok doesn't open late for dinner, so be sure to check the hours before heading over

The Roti was pretty tasty and the dip has a kick to it

The laksa was pretty flavorful and you can taste the coconut milk for sure. We chose the white and round rice noodles to go with the laksa

The Hainan chicken came with boneless chicken, rice and soup. Maybe it's because I came in 30min before closing and the rice tasted like it was scraped from the bottom of the pot, hard and dry

I would come back to try their other dishes"
Excellent Chicken Curry, Prata and Rendang.  The chicken curry gravy and Rendang has authentic spices and flavor.  Good quality curry puff too.   You can request for white or dark meat for the chicken rice.  Very friendly owner.
As a local in the neighbourhood I was super excited to see this restaurant open. I have been a few times including their soft opening and I have been pleasantly surprised at how great it is. Laksa is one of my go tos and they do a great job with it. The staff, the family aspect- amazing. They are all so sweet and welcoming! Everything is pretty spicy so keep that in mind if you're not a spice lover. Must try in the area!!
"After discovering this place, my family is in love. The food here is well priced and the portions aren't too bad, especially for lunch. For singaporean eats, it is not too oily but still very tasty. My family especially loves their beef rending puffs and chicken curry puffs. The filling inside is delicious and make for a perfect snack and accompaniment to their main dishes.

I love their chicken rice, as they allow you to choose white meat and the rice itself is soft and flavourful. The beef rendang and prawn noodle are also family favourites. Roti and satay are only okay but the food definitely  makes us coming back for more and more! 

The owner is also really friendly and being such a small little place, they need some support during this time. 

Overall, should've tried it sooner, so now YOU, just go."
It is a nice little self serve restaurant. Food is tasty and good size for a small eater. I like it.
"The restaurant is located in a fairly low traffic part of Kingsway, so parking on the side streets was easy to find. Decor in the restaurant has a rustic feel, with wooden accents and furniture used throughout. Like I expected from a Singaporean restaurant it was very tidy and clean, and would probably easily earn an A rank back home. 

Shiok is a self service restaurant, so customers are expected to place their orders with the cashier, grab a number, grab their cutlery/water, and then sit down at a table. For 2 or 3 people, this is fairly easy. But for larger groups of 6-7 people, it is much more problematic. Not that I expected a maitre'd to be available to seat us, but Shiok seemed unprepared to handle large groups, especially during busy dinner hours. Service was friendly, and generally very polite but still - unprepared.

Now onto the food.

Lots of great comments about the food. Roti prata comes in a healthy portion, and tastes fluffy and moist. Their chicken rice perfectly captures the traditional smell and flavor. Satay is well roasted, cooked correctly and goes fantastic with their homemade peanut dipping sauce.  The chili squid and shrimp had that wonderful kick to it that burned so good while retaining its sweetness. The laksa had a flavorful, rich broth and a good variety of toppings.

Some misses with the food. Beef rendang was way too sweet rather than salty, and had a very gamey texture. Tofu puffs lacked flavor and felt overcooked.  

Overall food-wise - Shiok hits the flavors dead on for a lot of the dishes, and tastes exactly like a Singaporean hawker stall. And that's hard to do well.

Price wise, Shiok feels like it's all over the place. For the most part the appetizers felt like a great deal, coming in a $3-5 dollars. Drinks are a fantastic deal at $2 - $2.50. But the entrees felt small and overpriced for $10. The portion size is in alignment with what you would get in Singapore - but in Singapore you'd pay almost half the price. It would feel more fair if they lowered their prices or increased their portion size, but as it stands I don't see that happening in the near future. 

For a final, parting comment:

I agree with some of the reviews here about the tipping. Not to be rude, but why am I tipping them when I am doing everything except for bringing the dish to my table? It's a self service restaurant, where you are required to get your own cutlery, cups, and water refills. And when your meal is finished, you are equally expected to return your dishes and seperate them into the appropriate containers. In some ways this is truly authentic, because it is exactly what you should do in Singapore, and exactly what you would do in the rest of Asia. But in true Singaporean fashion, there shouldn't be an expectation of a tip."
"A restaurant with a very limited opening hours for lunch and dinner, and closed twice a week means to me that they're not around to just make money. They're making their food with love and they want to share it. This is also where I have found my go-to for bak kut teh from now on. 

From the moment I walked in, I was warmly welcomed by the older gentleman behind the counter. He told us the specials on the board. The space looks a lot bigger inside than expected. It's a cafeteria type setting where you order & pay first, find seating and the food are served to your table. 

The gentleman was able to tweak my order of bak kut teh to be served with vermicelli instead of rice without extra charge. He kept saying it's not normally eaten with noodles but he accepted my request and exceeded my expectations! The noodles have some of the bone broth poured in so has a chance to absorb into the noodles. I was also surprised to see two large ribs in my soup. The meat just fell off the bone and so flavorful.  
My friend's laksa, which I took a sip from, has some heat to it but manageable. For those who can't take any heat, should ask if they're able to make it mild. 
We also ordered the roti prata. It comes with a side of curry sauce (not spicy). The roti is flat like a pancake but has a nice chewy texture and a little sweetness to it which brings out the sauce. I ordered the haianese chicken but only enjoyed one bite since I was so full. I had it packed up for next day's lunch and it still tasted really good. The rice was packed with flavor. The accompaniments were a spicy sauce and a blend of soy/oyster sauce. You're also able to choose white or dark meat. 
My friend really liked her ginger tea but found it could use more ginger. 

Overall, I had a great meal. We came early enough on a weeknight so seating wasn't an issue. Parking is bit of a hassle since Kingsway doesn't allow parking during rush hours. The gentleman came out to chat with us for a few minutes. It was all very pleasant. I would definitely be back to try other items. I noticed the curries didn't score very high points so guess I have to come back to see for myself!"
"TLDR: pretty authentic Singapore dishes. Worth a try. Run, don't walk, to get the limited quantity nonya bak Zhang (rice dumpling). Excellent! Like those in Singapore or even better. Prawn paste chicken is another dish like those in SG. 

--------
Finally! A restaurant serving Singapore dishes in Vancouver. This place just opened over the weekend. I was told it closed early on the first day so we decided to go for brunch on its second day of operation. Good thing as it was so overwhelmed by the crowd it closed by 1230pm. That was just 90 minutes after it opened the doors. Several people stopped by as they saw people inside and were turned away. They didn't see the ""closed"" sign? 

This is a 36 seater restaurant and I think the management needs to tweak their seating and ordering of food system. Currently it is order at the counter, then get a table or seat, and food will be brought to you. We were warned beforehand that if at full capacity, it will be a wait for food. 

Everyone was pretty congenial and understanding of the long wait while waiting. I think everybody was just excited to finally get to try real Singapore dishes made by Singaporeans here. 

I ordered my food first and it took about 30-40 minutes. My friends who came later waited 90 minutes for their food. 

Food wise, it was pretty much close to what you would get in Singapore. The menu is pretty limited but I always believe in sell what you are good at like those hawkers in Singapore selling just one or a few dishes. 

The prices are very fair and I hope it will remain this way. When appetizers and snacks are $5 and under, it's much more affordable to just add them to the main meal. Entrees are at $10. 

The dishes under the Comfort Food section  were not available that day so I could not try the Chee cheong fun (different style from the HK version), chicken congee and chicken and macaroni soup. 

What I tried: 
 Mee Siam - gravy seemed home made. Right amount of spice and tang in the gravy. Too little gravy and I actually went to ask for more. They were a bit reluctant as I think they didn't prepare enough for the crowd, but they did top up for me. 

 Prawn paste chicken aka har cheong kai - super yummy and very much like from the tze char restaurants in Singapore. So good! A winner at $5. I really hope they don't increase prices. I have yet to see this dish in Vancouver. 

 Curry puff - also pretty good. With potatoes, chicken curry and egg in it. The filling tasted home made too. 

 Cassava kueh - disappointing. Too sweet and the color! I was expecting the pale yellow beige soft wobbly cassava kueh. This was hard. $3 for 3 tiny pieces, not worth it. Lucky I got it for free as part of the opening promotion

Friends said chicken rice was good, with the correct dark soy sauce and home made chili. The Bandung drink did not taste strong enough. 

I will be back and hopefully the quality will remain the same.

P.S: I bought the nonya bak Zhang and they were da bomb! Even better than those in SG (non specialty stalls in cold storage or hawker centers, maybe closer to Kim Choo version or like your peranakan neighbors' versions). It's limited quantity for Duan Wu Jie."
We 2 arrived at 7, owners very friendly and helpful with the menu. Ordered the Roti, Laksa with yellow noodles, and the boneless chicken (dark meat). There were distinct flavors: the dipping sauce for the Roti, the noodle broth, and a soup on the side with the chicken. The jasmine rice was cooked in chicken broth. It was all delicious and for $23 very good value. Will return.
"Good price for good singaporean food in the area! After wanting to try this place out for months now, we dropped by for take out and were very happy with the delicious and authentic flavours.

Being a hungry family, we ordered almost half of their menu including the chicken wings, satay, tau pok, curry chicken puff and beef rendang puff. The puff pastries were some of the stars being soft and flaky as well as filled with a delicious meat filling. The chicken wing flavour was also great though a little bit over fried in my opinion. In addition the tau pok sauce was very different but went great with the tofu puffs.

For entrees, we got the chicken rice, prawn noodle, laksa, and beef rendang with rice. The amount of chicken in the rice wasn't a large portion or very flavourful but I really liked how we could choose to have breast meat. Their oily rice though was DELICIOUS! It was flavourful, soft and fluffy with small grains. The beef rendang was also very flavourful and the laksa was adored by my spice loving brother. The prawn noodle was the unsuspected winner of the meal though with a delicious broth that was not too salty but filled with shrimp flavoured goodness. The amount of toppings is again, not too much but definitely enough to keep you satisfied and full. 

Overall, a great place to grab some food (that comes in paper packaging) with one of the nicest owners i've met. I called to ask about a peanut allergy and he had me go over my entire order to identify which one had peanuts. He was patient, kind and had a friendly smile amidst COVID 19."
The authenticity and flavours are all there, but the portion sizes are pretty small. My friend ordered the chicken rice, and it only had about 6 slices of chicken. Photos on here are deceiving; there was too much rice for the amount of chicken. We also ordered the laksa. The shrimp looked rather odd, they looked like they had been squished or something. All in all, this place is an okay option if you want a cheap lunch or dinner (main plates are only $10).
Nice small place and very clean. Staff are very friendly. Price is reasonable. I ordered boneless chicken with yellow rice are  good. If you don't like server bother you. I am good recommend the way like food count style.
"This place is much better than expected.  It's not a big place, but you don't feel cramped.  You order at the counter, grab water and utensils then find a place to sit.  They will then deliver the food to your table.  When you are done, put the plates in a bin located in front.

So on to the food....  Aside from the menu, they also have specials on the board.  I saw prawn mee and got this along with an order of chicken wings.  For the prawn mee, they asked if you want the yellow noodles, vermicelli or mix. I got the mix as I wanted to try both.  The broth came super hot which was nice and you can really taste the shrimp flavor.  It's got 4 pieces of shrimp, fish cakes.  For the noodles, I like the yellow noodles more than the vermicelli.  It's just a preference plus I think the thicker yellow noodles is more suitable for this dish.  The wings were fried crisply.  I taste some saltiness which I guess is from the shrimp paste, although I can't really say there's anything special with this.

You get a stamp for every $10 that you order.  Street parking.  Overall, this is really good value for good food.  Will definitely be back to try the other dishes."
"Once a five, always a five for this place and an extra KUDOS for some of the nicest owners I have ever met. Kind and caring, they called me about a potential peanut allergen and separated those into a separate bag! 

The portions are actually larger than they were previously (or at least they felt that way) with plenty of noodle in their laksa and prawn noodle. More details of the food in my previous reviews but their food continues to be loved by my family and their prices are more than reasonable.

Overall, you won't be disappointed visiting this lovely place :)"
Tried this new restaurant with a friend today.  There were customers at opening so that we thought it was a good sign.  The owner was friendly and helpful.  The portions are pretty small hence why the dishes aren't that expensive.  Most dishes are  $10 and under.  We ordered two appetizers and 2 entrees.  The boneless chicken rice is Singapore's version of hainanese chicken.  I have to say that I didn't enjoy this as much as Malaysian hainanese chicken.  The chicken portion was tiny but the rice was huge.   The sauces for the chicken weren't that great.   One of the sauces was very sticky.  The beef rendang was kind of cold and the sauce was lacking in flavour.   I've definitely had better.  The roti was decent but only one piece of roti with a full bowl of sauce.  Would have enjoyed another piece of roti with all that sauce.  The only thing that I thought was really worth it were the chicken wings.  It was a bit spicy and made with shrimp sauce which gave it a unique taste.   Would like to try some of their noodle dishes next time.  Hopefully food quality will improve and portion sizes will be bigger next time.
"Finally! a Singaporean restaurant in Vancouver worthy of taking the mantle of representing Singaporean food. You will first have to read this review with the lens of knowing that Singaporeans can be some of the pickiest eaters on the planet. It is often said that every Singaporean is a food critic.
 
 Enough preamble. Onto the food!
 
 The Chicken rice is very passable. Wish that the rice had more chicken oil. The accompanying condiments were on point. (7/10)
 
 Prata was very good. The gravy that came with it was as good as anything in Singapore. (8/10)
 
 Rendang was absolutely amazing.  By far the best in the city. You could serve this rendang in Singapore and still get accolades. I have only had better or equivalent rendang in Indonesia itself.(10/10) edit: some days they make it even better and would warrant an 11/10.
 
 Satay was weak. The peanut sauce was authentic but the meat on the skewers were slightly dry. (5/10)
 
 Mee Siam was authentic. My mom loves Mee Siam and she was happy with it.  (7/10)
 
 Laksa was of the Nyonya variant. It was good. I do like the version with more ""lemak"" flavour from added coconut cream. The addition of Persicaria odorata (Laksa leaves) chiffonade as garnishing was a great little touch that many restaurants outside of South East Asia lack. (7/10)
 
 Chicken Wings. Winner winner chicken dinner. These were very good and would get a good review even in Singapore. (9/10)
 
Mee Rebus was 100% authentic. As good as anything you could find in Singapore. Only improvement is maybe some calamansi lime. (10/10)

 The tea was very good. Could do with a bit more evaporated milk. The flavour profile was authentic. The owner imports the correct tea dust. The Teh Alia (Halia) was just right. They used ginger in the infusion instead of powdered stuff that some other places try to get away with. (8/10)
 
Bandung was sorta sweet (maybe it's my taste) but very authentic.
(8/10)

Curry Puffs were a bit on the mild side but the pastry was very good. On par with Old Chang Kee (8/10)

 The Chiffon Pandan was as good as anything you can get in Singapore. It could be a little more moist but that's just a personal preference.(7/10)
 
 Some of the dishes come out drier than what you might get in Singapore as the owner said that he wanted to present a more healthy version of the dish. Overall, this is a restaurant I could proudly take my friends to give them a taste of what food in Singapore is really like."
Great Singaporean Hawker style food on Kingsway. The interior is clean and organized. Not smelly at all. Their rotti is really good, and chicken rice was delicious too. Friendly customer service and very affordable prices. It's an absolute gem in the neighbourhood.
"Went with my parents on a weekend just around 5, luckily no lineup when we arrived but more people arrived as we were eating.  It's not a big place so be prepared to wait if it gets busy!

Food wise, I ordered my favourite Hainanese chicken and rice.  You get to choose between white or dark meat when ordering, and I went with the dark meat.  The chicken was boneless and meat tender  but the flavour was underwhelming for me.  It was almost as if the chicken was boiled a bit too long.  The rice had flavour and again just a bit underwhelming.  It may also have been a bad day but the rice was undercooked and more than a few grains were hard.

Dad ordered the laksa, only he didn't comment whether it was good or bad.  Although considering my dad, no comment usually means it wasn't bad!

I may come back again to try their laksa myself, and maybe give their chicken rice another try, but as it stands it's not some place I will be rushing to come back to."
Drove by, glad we came, no nonsense eatery, neat and clean, family owned, friendly service, paid first, reasonable prices, many choices, tasty food, decent portions, will be back. Closed at 8pm.
Just soft opening but already packed with people. Found this little gem really close to my parents'. Remind me of the hawker center in Singapore. Lovely owners, friendly staff and yummy food!
"This Yelp recommendation did not disappoint! Glad to have found another awesome Singaporean/Malay food spot in the city. This spot has done a really good job of making itself a casual self-serve joint, while still offering an awesome dining atmosphere. We went in for an early dinner on a week night. It was relatively quiet to start, but as we left they really filled up. 

I tried the laksa, roti, satay, then finished it off with kaya toast for dessert. All were delicious! I highly recommend getting the laksa with a mix of both white and yellow noodles for an interesting texture. There were very fragrant flavours on all the dishes and you definitely feel everything is prepared with care. Portion sizes were decent for my stomach, but I would say smaller than the average. Prices were very reasonable though. While kaya toast is pretty simple, I haven't seen it in restaurants before in Vancouver, so it's pretty neat that they have it. Just wish there was a thicker spread of kaya between the toast. I would love to try the chicken rice next time. Thought it was pretty awesome that they offer a choice between white meat and dark meat. 

This restaurant was largely self-serve. There is a cutlery and water station for you to grab what you need. Once you order up front, you get a number and then you can find a table. I love that there is a spacious seating area that allows you to feel like you are having a proper dine in meal. The tables are set up so that they can be joined, so coming in with a party of 6 or 7 is definitely something they can accommodate. The staff are very friendly and the restaurant seem to be run by very thoughtful owners. I love that while the menu is simple, there are many little tips and hints to help decide how to customize orders to your liking, as well as help those unfamiliar with the cuisine to navigate the menu. There is also a chalk board with their ""test kitchen"" items, sort of like a feature list. Lots of dishes that you don't often see. Great to see the restaurant experimenting and figuring out what works for them as a new business. Will definitely be back to try more of the menu."
Not bad. Works for quick fix if need to satisfy craving for Malaysian/ Singaporean food. Laksa soup is creamy but lacks in depth flavor, same goes for chicken wings, did not really taste shrimp paste.. beef rendang is difficult to fail so it's okay! Will return to give it another try!
The restaurant was clean.  I was not into ordering and paying at the front first. Too food  court style  as it was  a  sit down restaurant. Nice owners, food was good and price reasonable but portions were more a snack than lunch and we don't eat a lot. I don't think I'll be back but I truly wish them well.  The deep fried wings were good with shrimp paste. I had high hopes as my mom is half Singaporean but was disappointed.
"We came here on a Saturday at 1145ish (they open at 1130) hoping the wait wouldn't be too long. Good thing, we only had about 2 groups in front of us so we didn't have to wait long. There were no more tables for 3 so we opted for the bar seats with the nice view of the kitchen and the beautiful sunny street. The restaurant itself, as most have said, is small. There were about 4-5 larger tables (4 seaters) and then 2 smaller tables (2 seaters) and a 5 seater bar near the door. Small space but because it is counter service I feel people didn't really linger. There is a place for you to put away dirty dishes as most people did so turnover was okay quick. 

Now for the food...We were a little ambitious for 3 people. We wanted to try everything. We ordered...

Kopi/ Teh C - we ordered one of each and was pleasantly surprised to see uncle doing the traditional pulling of the tea. Uncle was even nice enough to come and reconfirm with me before making my Kopi that it was preferred without sugar! Super grateful for that as I do not like sugar in my Kopi.

Kaya Toast - unfortunately this was a real let down. It was not authentic tasting. The coconut taste overpowered all other flavours. The delicious eggy flavour was lost which was dissapointing. Also it was bright green as apposed to the darker yellow-y colour that I'm used to. (If anyone knows where to get really good kaya PLEASE let me know!)

Shrimp Paste Chicken Wings - being a huge fan of shrimp paste I was hoping to love these but I didn't. There wasn't a whole lot of shrimp paste taste which may be good for those who are new to the flavour or who don't love it as much as I do. The wings themselves though were fried beautifully. Crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Saw there was an air fryer in the kitchen not sure if that's what they used but I'd be surprised if it was as it came out super crispy like deep fried crispy.

Roti Prata - not too bad but nothing to write home about. A little iffy on the freshness of the roti. It may have been frozen which would be a little disappointing. Though not a lot of places do fresh roti. Curry sauce was nice. My husband did manage to sneak in a question to the uncle who we believe is the owner to see whether or not a chance of egg roti will show up on the menu one day but uncle said no. If one day we go back and its a quiet day, uncle did say he may be able to make it happen.

Mee Siam - now I have been craving the homemade Mee Siam that we get everytime we go back to Singapore so I was SUPER excited to try it here seeing that it's a pretty popular dish to order. The flavours were all there. Tasted quite good and authentic. Loved the tofu puffs and even enjoyed the little shrimps. Although for my personal taste, I would've loved much more heat and a little less sweet. Even with that said I think it was real tasty.

Mee Rebus - this was on the specials menu and my husband had to try it! This was very tasty! Such a delicious curry gravy with the egg noodles! YUM! Like the other noodle dish, it was very tasty and pretty authentic to me.

Chicken Rice - our friend had ordered this and I only had a small taste but from the little bite that I had I thought the flavours were there. They had the right sauces (the thicker sweet sauce along with the spicy relish). We may have to order this one again and eat more to get a real good opinion on it.

TL;DR 
All in all I say this place has a lot of potential. The space is small but efficient and flavours so far has been pretty good. I think my rating is more 3.5 stars than 4 but there is still so much of the menu to try and since the specials menu seems to change periodically we may never eat the whole menu. The portion sizes are generous and the pricing is good. Being that it is counter services really helps look after my wallet. With that being said I think we will be back especially since this is the only Singaporean restaurant in Vancouver (if I'm wrong please let me know) we'll need to get our fix somewhere."
"I went to there around 1pm on Saturday. From entering door till served food, it might have taken about 40 min. Friendly cashier told me weekend is always like that. So I recommend you to come on weekdays. 

I had laksa and cassava kueh. 

Laksa with egg noodle is always my favorite. A little hard texture noodle too. But what I missed in here, shrimp paste or chicken. Their laksa was tasty but I prefer more strong flavor. 

Cassava kueh was delicious. It's close to Filipinos cassava cake but this one is more dry. I enjoyed very much. 

The point card seems useful. I'm sure I will be back soon."
Nice friendly owner, price is right, the place is new and clean, they are fast, food is not salty like most restaurants.
"Picked up the following items after my friend from South East Asia recommend Shiok.

Curry fish + mixed veg on rice (only available on weekend) - spicy, meaty fish and beautiful curry flavour

Roti Canai - nice sauce and denser texture as opposed to the drier flakier texture. I like both textures and didn't mind this at all.

Chicken Curry Puff - you get 2 pcs with each order - nice and flaky, not overly spicy and well flavour with chicken and chicken egg. Generous amount of filling

Chwee Kueh - comes with 2 pcs as well. Love the texture and the flavour of the topping. They added some sambal belacan on the side and it was out of this world. Like really really good! I can't wait to taste their nasi lemak next.

Currently, this restaurant is offering pick up and delivery."
"My wife and I stopped in here with our young son during their soft opening. It was a really great experience.

The atmosphere was simple but clean, and much nicer than many of those in the area. The food was very good as well. I had never had Singaporean food, but I was quite impressed. I'm not sure if prices were artificially low for the soft opening, but if not, it was incredibly affordable.

We also had a very good experience with the staff. Everyone was quite helpful and friendly. It was a sweet family restaurant; I would recommend it to anyone."
It's improved on some of its recipes.  I find it somewhat expensive relative to portion size.  Think authentic Singapore portion sizes (small) with average Canadian prices.
"Great authentic Hainanese Chicken Rice. They sell freshly daily made foods until sold out.  Great concept as most restaurants prepared in quantities and stored in the fridge.  We like this as it's fresh and made daily a small portion until sold out.  So be forewarned to see a "" Closed Sign"" at the entrance door.

We were there on their soft opening day Friday May 31, 2019 and came back next day again.
We tried also their Laksa, Mee Siam, Nonya Bak Chang, Roti Cani , and oh their real authentic and the best Kopi O ( thick black coffee without milk/cream )

A small well run restaurant run by a Singaporean family.  We love their concept of selling freshly made daily foods unlike other restaurants.  So definitely a wait time for your foods to be served in which you have trade-it for freshness.

Keep up the concept of making daily a small batch of foods until sold out!  We love this new way of selling fresh foods in restaurants."
"Was here sometime last month with a couple of my girl friends to catch up. I would have to say the food and service really remind me of Singapore when I went last year. 

When I walked in the staff or owners greeted be right away and directed me to order with a menu. We chose to sit down first to decide on what to eat. We ordered a about 4 - 5 dishes to share and a Milo each. I miss milo since going to Singapore so was very please to see it on the menu. While I went to order, I had to tell them my dietary restrictions and they were very accommodating to tell me what has sesame that I can't have. They even checked up on me to make sure everything was ok and that I didn't touch the haianese chicken that had sesame oil in it.  

I didn't give this place a 5 star rating because I think if they had a sit down and waiting service it would be a lot better. I understand that this order and then sit down is a very Singaporean thing but it's not common here considering the layout of the restaurant. The portions are a bit small for the price you are paying. Not very shareable in the end for us. 

Overall, there aren't many of these restaurants here in Vancouver. So, I do suggest you go try it and allow yourself to basically pay for the experience. Do keep in mind for dinner they do close a bit early in my perspective."
"Came here on a Thursday lunch,  it must be my lucky day again that arrived in a quiet eatery, only a few customers, but I preferred this, so I can enjoy the food, even better I can chat with the chef/owner?? about their food. 
I ordered a Laksa with rice noodle, did not take the egg noodle.  The Laksa looks pretty mouth watering, the soup actually pretty good (good smell and thick), great color, full of umami but for my taste just need a tad of fish sauce to enhance it, the shrimps was just nicely done but I felt the rice noodle was a bit stiff and brittle. I am sure when I come back next time it will be perfect as I raised my concerns to them. I will try other dishes next time."
"Ordered a bunch of items for takeout to try - I was really surprised by their packaging because it was all wrapped in paper. But don't let this fool you! They pack a lot of food. We ordered the laksa, chicken rice, duck rice (only available certain days), chicken wings, roti, curry puff pastry, and tofu puffs. 

My favourite was the laksa noodles - creamy and sweet but still savoury. The chicken rice was a little dry compared to the signature Hainanese chicken rice. Chicken wings were pretty average. I enjoyed the roti with the curry dip as a nice appetizer.

Read my full review on my blog: https://sincerelyloewe.com/shiok-singaporean-cuisine-singapore-takeout-in-burnaby/"
"Tasty Singaporean hawker style food on Kingsway.

Parking is available along Kingsway after 1800 on weekdays, as well as on the side streets. The place has some rather short business hours and I hear they simply close when they run out of food, so best to come as early as possible. Also the place was almost deserted at 1800 but was completely packed by 1900.

Inside is nice and new and modern. Not sure why there are an extra pair of French doors just inside the main entrance that don't exactly close off any area. Looks like leftovers from someone's renovation project. They are pretty though.

Staff are friendly. The staff I spoke with spoke Singlish. I also noticed that most of the other customers here also spoke Singlish. Looks like this place is legit.

The place is run somewhat similar to that of a food court, with the exception of them bringing the food out. Utensils and water are self serve. There is also a self serve garbage/disposal station.

The food portions are a wee bit small, but according to my friend the portions are actually large compared to a real deal Singaporean hawker. Food quality is definitely there. Noodles are nice nice and tasty.

Chicken wings - dusted with prawn powder. Could definitely use more prawn flavour. Tasty.

Mee rebus - noodles with potato gravy. Served with tofu puffs, hard boiled egg, and some green chili slices and dried baby shrimp. Quite tasty.

Tau pok - 6 tofu puffs with sweet rojak sauce. Sauce is nice and gooey. Contains crushed peanuts.

Tau suan - mung bean dessert with slices of Chinese donut on top. Not too sweet at all, which is really nice.

Definitely will be back to try more items here. Recommended."
We had the beef rendang, the laksa, roti, and Kopi ice coffee.  Food was good, although the beef rendang was surprisingly small portions IMO.  You order and find seat, and they deliver the food to your table. The restaurant was clean and tidy, and staff was friendly. I would come again, but for sure not the beef rendang.
"Been wanting to try this place out for awhile and I wish I had tried it sooner. I ordered online through their website for pickup. When I arrived, the door was closed and the person inside pushed the door open using a broom to maintain distance and had my order ready on the table for me to grab. I tried the beef rendang puffs. Flaky, tender pastry and plenty of flavourful filling. I would definitely order this again or try out the chicken version. For the chicken rice, it was a little disappointing. I found the portion of chicken to be kind of small for the price. Although the chicken was tender and tasty. The amount of rice was definitely enough though. However, I found the rice to bit a little mushy. It could have been because I ordered take out and the packaging. I liked the pickled vegetables that was served with the chicken rice, along with the sauce.

There are other things on the menu that I want to try, so I'd give this place another try."
"[Social distancing takeout review]
I'm sorry that my first time trying Shiok was takeout, but I'm happy I finally got to try! After going on vacation to Singapore last year, there have been many times I looked back at vacation pictures and craved the delicious food there. Shiok satisfied my craving 100%! We tried the laksa, chicken rice, and curry puffs. They came wrapped up in wax paper instead of takeout containers, which was a bit of a surprise but amusing. The laksa was delicious! I heated up a bit to get it back to piping hot and happily slurped away. The chicken rice was also very good; as comforting as the ones I tried in hawker centres in Singapore. The curry puffs were a bit too rich for me, very buttery pastry exterior, but filled with delicious curry. I'm excited to try more of the menu soon!"
"Shiok Singapore Cuisine is really the Shiok! place to be for Singaporean food! 

Having visited Singapore regularly when I was a kid, I love the country and the food there.  There is always this familiar element in Singaporean cuisine that attracts me.  It is never easy to find a place that makes good/as-close-to-original-flavour Singaporean food, and I'm quite happy to have visited Shiok. The food was good and it reminds me of the hawker centers back in Singapore.  

Indulgence took over and I couldn't resist but to order several items (again) on the menu.  I think we ordered almost half of the entire menu.  The menu is adequately refined so you're not overwhelmed with choices, and they also have seasonal specials on the chalkboard.  

The specials this time were Beef Rendang and Chicken Jook (congee/porridge), and Kueh Pie Tee.  Here are what we ordered:  Satay, Roti Prata, Kueh Pie Tee, Chicken Jook, Laksa, and Mee Siam, and Teh Alia (Ginger Milk Tea).  Not too much for two person right? Right! 

(1) Satay - we got half chicken half beef, moist and juicy, good sweetness level. The satay sauce was nutty and sweet.  I think they have their own take on the sauce so it was different.
(2) Roti Prata with chicken curry gravy - you can taste the chicken flavour in the curry gravy (didn't expect that).  A good dipping amount of heat.  Although the roti was on the stiffer side for me, my tastebud says it was homemade.  
(3) Kueh Pie Tee - one bite snack! a little crispy cup filled with diced turnips and prawns.  Mr. Owner recommended a touch of hot sauce to finish it in one bite. I had four. 
(4) Chicken Jook - this stole the spotlight for us because it was overwhelmed with chicken flavour.  We got congee because my friend was a bit sick.  You can tell they stew this congee for a long time with lots of chicken bits and bones, otherwise you can't get this level of flavour, and the congee was smooth and thick.  The comfort food you want on a gloomy day.  
(5) Laksa - finally a place that uses the right rice noodle! (or close enough) With tofu, fish ball slice, a few big prawns, and half an egg, this was really good.  Star is the broth, which is somewhat like a curry soup with coconut.  Each place has its own take on the flavour but it's within a range.  Although I do find it a bit too watery for my preference, the flavour is decent - not overwhelmingly creamy or spicy, it is definitely toned down for local's taste. 
(6) Mee Siam - thin egg noodle tossed in tamarind sauce/broth. You'll love this if you enjoy tamarind, the sweet and sour fruit flavour.  This was a good balance to my laksa.  
(7) Teh Alia - ginger milk tea was a nice pair to my meal.  A bit spicy, a bit creamy, just enough to warm you up and make you happy.  You can compare it to Chai tea.  

Are there more things I want to try? Yup. Among the other half of the menu, hainan chicken rice! I chose Mee Siam this time since that's rare to find (very tempted to add the chicken rice too in the end... very).  

The joint is medium in size. You order in the front, go get seats, and they bring the food to you. When you're finished, please help bring the dishes to the tray. It feels like half a hawker centre.  Oh you also get a stamp card.  We were glad we came right when they opened because the crowd filled it up pretty fast.  I'll be coming here again, hopefully soon."
Technically speaking, I may stalk these guys whenever they are in South Austin, but it's worth it.  I am addicted to The Scholar; their Golden Nuggets are pretty awesome too.  I have been known to eat here days in a row or order 2-3 Scholars just so I can have some saved at home; I'll admit it is not as amazing reheated, but still ssssoooo delicious.
I have been going to the DFG food truck when it parks on Congress frequently for the past year or so.  Fantastic food, love the DFG trinity, but three of the last four times I've gone the service has been pretty poor. The food is usually my measuring stick when considering places to eat, and I only expect average when it comes to service so it's not something I typically even notice, but my recent experiences make me question whether I'll be back any time soon.
"As I am eating the Malay - which is curry sauce covered in rice and your choice of protein. I got fried chicken! 

Ugh, I know what I'm eating every Thursday for lunch at work...

Taste like home!"
"First time i went to the food court and after surveying the places, decided on this noodle truck. I like the glass exposure so you could see what's going on inside and the menu had decent pictures so I knew what I'd be ordering.  The chef/order taker was real helpful is offering advice, let us try some of the sauces. I ordered the DFG appetizer, which I wasn't sure of since it is pork belly but was surprised to find it had a lot of meat - good!  Then had a small portion of the Scholar - noodle dish with great sauce and ingredients. My friend had the same but a regular portion of the Scholar.

Food was good, pork belly as well as the noodles. I asked for ""al dente"" noodles and i got them, again both people in the kitchen were real helpful and friendly.

I would return definitely but would ask the truck next door to turn down the TV. I don't need sports blaring while I eat. This isn't a sports bar. But, I went home happy."
I eat this trailer every Tuesday when they park at Research Park Plaza. I keep promising myself I will try other meals, but the Scholar (with an egg, of course) is my default. The DFG taco is delicious, too. Probably one of my all-time favorite Austin trailers!
"I ordered the ""Timmy"" purely because of South Park. It wasn't bad. The pork was very tender and had a decent flavor. It was mostly rice and pork (small helping). The amount of pork was disappoitning to me and the rice was mostly unflavored. I thought the dish was mediocre. My friends had the Scholar and said it was awesome. So I would recommend trying that out.

I would probably recommend this place to a friend to try out."
Decent Asian fusion food truck on Rainey. The staff is really friendly. Upon walking up they greeting us right away and gave us a few free samples of their most popular dishes. I had the Vietnamese noodles with pork belly. It was pretty good. They need to drain their noodles longer, they were pretty watered down and they should add some more veggies and more pork would have been nice instead of the spam. I am not a spam fan. I did like the roasted garlic and the flavor of the dish. Not sure I would return as it didn't really leave a lasting impression on me to make me crave or go out of my way to get it, but it is a nice add to the food truck court on Rainey. The last thing I will add is it pretty pricey for what you get. The portions are not that big especially for $10.
Today this trailer is downtown next to City hall. I ordered the empress which was a flavorful stew of coconut curry with chicken carrots. It really hit the spot and was just delicious. I wish they would take up permanent residence here but I know the spot is rotating. I'll just have to come by and hope I get lucky. The bread topped off the meal perfectly. This is what Asian food should taste like!
"Really want to be able to give 4.5 stars.

I really like The Malay appetizer and am very excited that there's a place in town serving this deliciousness now.  Also got the Emperor - I liked it, but didn't love it the way I did the appetizer.  I look forward to getting the Slow Time Special one of these days.  My only real ""complaint"" is that there's not a ton of vegetarian options, but I recognize that it's a trailer with limited space and capacity, so I'll deal (the appetizer isn't vegetarian at all, but Cheryl was kind enough to try to get me lots of potatoes and not much chicken, and I'm a bad enough vegetarian who loves roti canai enough that I was willing to work around it).  

And yes, there's a strong flavor of fish sauce in the Emperor noodles, but I'm pretty sure that's how many Malaysian/Singaporean dishes are made, so...."
"I was planning a party for the karate black belt promotion and ordered the  general and the emperor from DFG.  Everyone loved the general and the event was a success.  I myself loved the general.  

What would make me go back other then the yummy food is Cheryl being very customer oriented and made sure I had everything I needed.

I will need to try the food truck food but I will definitely order again for another event."
Best food truck in Austin!!!! The DFG team is incredible and not only is their food unbelievably tasty, but their team is so passionate about their food and making their customers (and their tummys) happy! Cheryl and Greta are quality people that make quality food, and I cannot wait to visit Austin again to visit this food truck again! Thank you DFG for giving us an incredible experience at SXSW!
I am obsessed with these noodles and Tuesday is the high point of my week - ask any of my coworkers!!! Absolutely delicious.
They've got a GREAT thing going on at DFG Noodles.  You really need to try one of everything on the menu. Each menu item has an individual flavor.  The dishes were delicious and I got hooked on Chrysanthemum tea.
Dfg comes to my workplace every Tuesday and it's a shame they don't come more often. Tuesday is now known as noodle day, one of the best days of the week! Great food, great service :)
Phenomenal food. I usually have the Empress curry, which is rich in flavor, just the right level of space, perfectly cooked moist chicken. Their other dishes are good too. The food truck comes to my office every Tuesday. It is the food highlight of my week!
I crave DFG noodles on a weekly basis. I've tried quite a few of their dishes but prefer the Scholar noodles. They also have tasty sides like roti and chicken nuggets. The staff is very friendly and speedy too.
"I went here last Sunday (Aug 3rd) and their food really blew my mind. We walked in at first thinking if this place was a food court. My sister and I prepaid for our food and there was no water fountain at all. Everyone had either iced tea or canned coconut water. 

We ordered Char Quay Teaw ($11.95) , Beef Rendang Lembu on rice ($11.50) and iced tea ($3.50) our food came out fast. Portion was good for one serving and it wasn't cheap. 

Char Quay Teow was impressive and tasty. It's quite similar to Chow Fun in stir fries noodles with some meat. It also had sweet and salty flavour. Beef Rendang was good, but little salty and spicy. It tasted pretty good. Sauce tasted even better mixed with rice. Rice didn't really taste like ginger. 

Iced Tea was good, but I personally found it pricy. I can find this for $2 from T&T and Aberdeen Mall. Great experience overall. There was NO water fountain at all so you can order one or bring your own water."
Once you try this traditional Singaporean restaurant, you will immediately felt in love with their food. Their dishes reminded me of the time when I was in Singapore. Nothing is overly powerful, your taste buds will be able to sense each spicy and sweetness within the dishes. The sizzling sound of the deep fry spring rolls is music to my ears, the freshness brings the dining experience to a greater level.
Not once, not twice but three times I've been to this new restaurant! Singapore/Malaysian hawker-style dining menu, boasts flavorful authentic Singapore/Malaysian cuisine. Hainanese chicken with rice, Roti canai with curry sauce, deep fried banana, satay skewers, Char bee hon: Singapore style wok fried vermicelli w/ shrimp, fish cake, bean sprouts & egg, Nyonya Rendang Lembu: Nyonya rendang curry beef on ginger rice, Singapore & Malaysian Laksa, Sambal Kang-Kong Tung Choi. Will definitely keep coming back!
"My sister had posted pics on Facebook from Singapore Hawker and they looked so good that fiance and I went the next day!

We ordered the Roti Canai as our appetizer - as we always do at any Singaporean or Malaysian restaurant we go to. It was really good. Warm and flaky, just how we like it!

For our first entree, we got the Hainanese Chicken on Rice. The chicken was yummy: moist, juicy, perfect tenderness. The rice was so good that I finished it all (normally I don't eat what's left after the chicken is gone).

Our second entree was the Malaysian Laksa. This was delicious. Super tasty and packed with flavour. Noodles were the perfect texture. But one thing about this laksa was that we could not taste any spice in it whatsoever. The soup base had too much flavour that it drowned out the spice. Going to have to ask to get it super spicy next time.

At the time we went, it was fairly busy. There were no available tables so we sat on the high chair seats to the right side of the cashier. The restaurant itself has high ceilings with a clean and modern look. 

Overall, it was a great visit. Definitely coming back when we're in the area."
Restaurant is clean and the food is decent. Would come more often but feel it's over priced. A small plate of char Kuey teow is $13 and you have to pick up your food and return your dishes ala food court. The only good thing was they did not ask for a tip
Tried this place out earlier this week through DoorDash. I ordered Nasi goreng, and chicken satay skewers. It was delicious. Very authentic! My family and I enjoyed the food. This is definitely going to be on my regular list of places. :)
I'm a Singaporean and friends from my hometown were curious to try this place. Brightly-lit with nice decor of the country's signature merlion statue and marina bay sands hotel. Taste wise, I would give it 4 stars. Right amount of flavor and wok hei (breath of the wok) for stir fried dishes. Authenticity wise I would give it 3 stars. The texture of the rice in the chicken rice was different from back home and the char kway teow didn't have clams which are usually the highlight. Still, it is worth a try and one of the closest alternatives to flying across the other side of the world.
My NEW favourite dishes at Singapore Hawker. Curry is fragrant and full of flavours, rich and satisfying. Noodles are not over cooked and every strand is seasoned well with fresh toppings. Wonderful meal all around!
The chicken is soft and tender. The rice has some chicken favor can be more. The drinks are a little over priced but the rest are great will return
Order satay was good fried rice was ok char bee hun was 0 star gado gado were ok was missing some thing  ok food not that great satay was awesome
Great food, highly recommend checking this place out. We got take out through door dash, service was fairly fast. The Boneless Hainanese Chicken on Rice is amazing.
"Good food, well priced. Order at the counter and take a seat, wait for your number to be called, pick up your tray and eat at your table.

Quality food, good portion to or price ratio.

Busy for a Friday night and hard to get a table for 6 people.

Friendly staff. Seems like a family rum type place but could be wrong.

A great addition and some variety to the usual side Japanese/Korean/Chinese that are in the area.

Will go back"
"I found this restaurant on Yelp and made my way here for lunch today. The restaurant is set up like a cafeteria. You place your order at the cashier section and pick up your food afterwards. The staff call out your order number off the intercom and you go up to the kitchen counter area to pick up your food. 

The chicken satay skewers were nicely grilled. The peanut sauce was good. It was not watered down. It has been a long time since I have eaten Hainanese chicken and this restaurant did not disappoint. Chicken was tender and juicy. The rice could have been more flavourful. The clear soup helped washed down the meal. The portion size was good for the price. I also ordered a fresh young coconut. You have to get staff to crack it open after you purchase it.

Covid precautions were in place. Most staff wore face masks. There was hand sanitizer located at the front of the cashier. Plexiglass was at the cashier section. There was sign in sheet for contact tracing purposes. Staff were disinfecting tables and chairs between customers. There is paid street parking in front of the restaurant and some two hour free parking one block away."
Food is authentic, very similar to the actual Singapore taste! Take my words for it because I'm a Singaporean!
"We came in for lunch on a weekday at 1pm and the restaurant was pretty full

We got the Singapore Laksa and the Nyonya yellow Curry ($12.95) and Roti
The roti tasted okay, was crispy on the bottom

The Nyonya Curry was oily, flavorful and salty. The ginger rice was very mushy

The Singapore laksa has the coconut and seafood broth but it's on the lighter side. It came with half of a boiled egg, couple of thin fish paste slices, couple of fish balls, tofu puff and bean sprouts, and vermicelli noodles
It was quite pricey for what you get $11.95

The restaurant is located at the bottom of a high rise residential building. There is limited free street  parking"
"I been there twice, first time I had Hainanese chicken it was good, so I went there again to try their stew, and a vermercil noodle, they were t as good as I thought, the noodle don't have much stuff and lake of flavour, I taste better stew and rotai. 

Not the best but it ok"
"Love Malaysian and Singapore food so when I saw Singapore Hawker opening, I was quite excited. We went on a Sunday afternoon around 2.30pm. The place was quite full. Yes, it is a cafeteria style......aka Hawker style, you would know if you have been to Asia! 
The place is clean and bright and has a bit of a buzz and I can tell the locals were excited to try. We ordered Char Kuey Teow, which was very tasty. Loved it. Next we had the Nyonya Beef Rendang on ginger rice. Overall, quite good. Last item was Nyonya fried okra, beans and eggplant. It is flavorful, fresh and colorful. Overall a good experience, would return."
The restaurant was just opened for businesses two days ago. It was packed when I got there for lunch. Because of the soft opening, you can either get 10% off your bill or get a free drink from the fridge. The restaurant is more like a fast food style. You order at the cashier, find a seat, and pick up your food when you see your ordering number on the screen. I ordered the laksa and my friend got the curry beef. Laksa was good. The broth wasn't too spicy and it had a great coconut flavor. However, my laksa was missing an egg and they gave me the wrong kind of noodles. I ordered the laksa with vermicelli (Singapore Laksa) but they gave me the egg noodles laksa (Malaysian). I let them know and they gave me a new bowl. My friend liked the curry but she said the beef brisket wasn't hot at all. It was warm and a little bit cold in the center. She thinks the beef was just heated up from microwave and added curry sauce to it afterwards. Overall it was a bit of a disappointing and lots of room for improvement.
"炒粿條 (Char Kuey Teow) $11.50
新加坡特色叻沙 (Singapore Laksa) $11.95
Review: I finally got to go on a date with my best friend hehe :)) She went here with her family and it looked like it really slapped so we decided to come here together! She got the singapore laksa and I got the char keuy teow. We ended up sharing because we wanted to try each other's  I'll start off with mine- it's kind of like Cantonese 干炒牛河. It's basically wok fried rice noodles with shrimp, fish cake, squid, bean sprouts, eggs and chives. Although this dish is only $11.50, there are a lot of ingredients, they're pretty generous with the shrimp, squid and fish cake! I'm not quite sure why but mine was so spicy... it doesn't look spicy but it was a lot spicier than the laksa which is red I believe they may have used a lot of chilli paste and sweet soy sauce to season it! I packed it up since I couldn't finish it so I wouldn't waste and when I ate it at home it wasn't THAT bad... Nevertheless, I don't think I'll ever order this again since it's so spicy. If you like spicy then this will be perfect for you! Now onto the laksa- the laksa slapped pretty hard to be honest  the flavours were well balanced and although it LOOKS red and spicy, looks deceive and it's really not! The soup is a seafood coconut soup and I believe they added some chilli paste to add a slight kick to it. The laksa is basically vermicelli noodles with tofu puffs, prawns, egg, fish cake, bean sprouts and fish balls in the laksa soup! They were also really generous with ingredients for this meal too. Maybe because the toppings for both meals are mainly processed foods (fish cake and fish balls) which are cheap but they're really generous compared to other restaurants! The ambience of this restaurant is exactly like the name- ""hawker"" which is self serve  you do everything yourself and there are no waiters. Overall, I will definitely come here again and I would recommend people to come here  I want to try the laksa again and other dishes they have here :)
Rating: 8.5/10"
Food is delicious and authentic. Ordered takeout to picnic @Lafarge for 4 adults, 3 kids. Recommend: Haianese chicken with the chicken rice, tofu goreng, kari lembu beef, Singapore laksa, roti canai, sambal green beans. Even our kids enjoyed the food. Beats any Singapore-Malay restaurant in Vancouver-Burnaby!
"Singapore hawkers have very authentic food coupled with exceptional customer service. All items on the menu are from the cuisine of Singapore-malaysia. 

Place ur order at the front counter and be seated for your number to be displayed on the TV screen or being called out by the food server. U collect your food along with your cutlery and enjoy it. 
I m not sure if this practice is followed strictly because of COVID-19 or otherwise too but i don't mind either way. Drinks are available but not alcoholic ones. Enjoy the special Singapore tea ( black tea with condensed milk)
Laksa is my favourite but i thought of trying tofu dishes instead with a side of peanut sauce salad. Tofu dish was yummy as the tofu was tangy n crispy. 
The whole decor is refreshing for eyes. Very busy place for take outs too."
"The Rendang is soooo good!! Very authentic food and really clean. They really stick true to their Hawker philosophy: the food is great tasting, great value with generous proportions, clean, and self-service  We ordered their rice + rendang dish and it was so filling. The rice dish comes with vegetable curry too which was so delicious. We ordered extra telur goreng (fried egg) with sambal. The char kway teow is just okay, it wasn't bad but wasn't mind blowing. The roti canai was so great!

I'm super unsure about why some people complained about the concept itself, like cutleries etc.. these were all pre-COVID. That's just the way it is back in Southeast Asia, and that's why it's named Singapore Hawker. Hawker food is fast and self-service. Obviously now with COVID they have changed and provided cutleries along with your dish. 

We've been back twice and we definitely recommend this place."
Singapore Hocker is an interesting set up it's done more in the style of a café where you order and then go pick up your meal the food is fresh flavourful and a little different from the norm all in all I give it three stars
"備註：食肆以自助形式營運

溫哥華的新加坡菜館不多，而且大都會同時提供馬拉菜色，若以自助形式營運的暫時只有三家，包括""Shiok Singapore Cuisine""、""Hawkers Delight""和今天光顧這家餐廳，但以餐房環境而言則以後者最佳，這裡不單寬敞整潔，裝修別具現代感，加上樓底高及全落地玻璃窗，光線十分充沛。所謂自助形式營運是指由購餐起到吃罷離座完全是自助式，顧客先在到櫃台落單及付款、找位坐下等叫號碼取餐、用過的餐具及剩菜自行放到指定回收分類箱，這種安排也算是一種彼此互動吧！

Singapore Hawker位於高貴林中心Coquitlam Center Mall鈄對面一座商住大樓的地下，相鄰就是手工麵食川菜館""天府飯店""，樓內有大量訪客免費停車位，門前路旁兩側設有收費錶但晚上六點後也可免費泊車。該店開業至今約有七個月左右，是溫哥華一家星馬菜餐館，賣的是又經濟又平宜的大排檔式星馬美食，而且大部份都是現叫現做的，所以落單付錢後會給予一個號碼牌，找個座位等候叫號碼取餐

 Roti Canai 薄餅 $3.95 ~ 這份馬拉薄餅因為是現叫現做，所以上桌時仍然熱烘烘及特別鬆化，但撕開時仍需用點力，餅底煎得香脆，沾附來的咖喱汁一起吃就更加滋味啊！

 Gado Gado Malaysian Salad 馬拉沙律 $5.50 ~ 這種馬拉沙律是我每次到星馬餐館都叫的美食，這裡所做的賣相一般，但味道非常好，沙爹醬裡還加入很多花生碎，唯獨油份太重。材料包括芽菜、炸豆腐粒、四季豆、熟雞蛋及自家制沙爹醬

 Char Kuey Teow 炒貴刁 $11.50 ~ 星洲的炒貴刁即是廣東人的乾炒河粉，傳統上用了星洲的特產黑豉油來炒，所以顏色比較深黑。材料多為海鮮類，包括蝦仁、魚片、芽菜、魷魚、雞蛋等，廚房炒得很有鑊氣

 Hainanese Chicken on Rice海南雞飯 $11.95 ~ 落單時可選雞油飯或薑黃飯，不另加費。店家提供無骨海南雞，所以怕噬骨的顧客可以放心吃。隨餐附送白飯、雞湯、酸甜醬汁及薑蔥茸各一碟，及少許蔬菜。雞肉嫩滑入味，沒有厚厚的皮下肥膏，相當好吃

 Nyonya Rendang Lembu on Ginger Rice 娘惹乾咖喱牛飯 $11.95 ~ 牛肉大大件而且都是淨瘦，所以吃起來感覺略乾但十分鬆軟，咖喱和椰汁都很香濃可口，非常餸飯。隨餐附有薑黃飯和咖喱雜菜各一碗，唯獨咖喱的油份稍多，上面蓋住一層紅油"
"It is not of the Singapore I remember visiting few years ago. 

SH is clean and cafeteria like...less grungy street style as its name would suggest. Which in a way is a relief given the little pester problem called Covid is going on. 

The place's clean/clinical like atmosphere is reassuring but nothing could prevent 12 or so senior citizens plunking down within 6 feet our radius after we sat down. Apparently being unmasked and all, they do not watch the news or care? (Something this restaurant could reinforce?)

We had C1, R1 and roti. All were fairly decent. Okay priced. I personally prefer the curry. 

Will come again to try some other items. Maybe next time we will do take out."
"Probably the best Singapore-style food in the area. As a Singaporean I'm pleased with their char kway teow- fried rice noodles. That's the best in BC (we've tried John 3:16, Penang, and Banana Leaf, and this is definitely the best).

I'd give the laksa a miss as it's easily made with laksa paste that can be found at Asian stores."
"Walk in and order at the counter.  Find your seat and they will call out your number.

It's a nice clean restaurant with friendly counter staff.  There is no service except when you order.  You clear your own dishes.

We order 2 Singapore laksas, beef curry, haianese chicken, garlic squid, chicken satay and fried bananas.

The garlic squid was tasty, but maybe would rate 3.5/5.  Everything else was really good.  But the all star was the laksa.  I was super tasty!  Probably one of the top I've had!  

The Fried banana was good but I've eaten better.  It came out and looked more like a corn dog because the batter was so perfect looking.  It came with a big dallop of ice cream and butterfly sprinkles and a drizzle of chocolate sauce.  There was a skittle but if an after taste, perhaps from baking powder/soda?

This will definitely be on my list of places the next time I'm in coquitlam again!"
It's only been half a year since my last travel to Singapore  and I already missed it because of all the good food  Since it won't be safe to travel in the meanwhile, the only thing I could do was to have Singaporean food locally  Visited @singaporehawker.ca and it definitely satisfied my cravings  The Laksa was so similar to the one I had in Singapore, and the Hainanese Chicken was so soft and yummy  The only thing I would criticize would be the rice, as it's a bit hard and dry. Can't wait to be back again!
Everything we've ever ordered from here has been superb. We're particularly fond of the Rendang, and the roti is almost as good as what we get on the street in Malaysia!
"Went there because of recommendation from a friend.

Ordered the curry beef rice, roti and satay.

All excellent.

Definitely will go again soon."
"Came to this spot as a recommendation from family. More of a food court type of experience. You place order at the front and they call your name to pick up your order and you clean your own table afterwards. 

Comparing it to other Malaysian/Singaporean restaurants in the lower mainland price wise is fairly reasonable. We ordered a lot of items for just under $65.  

Their chicken is pretty good and I would say is a bit better than Mama Lee. Though if their rice could be more flavourful would be nice. 

The rest of the food was alright. Their laksa is a little watered down. Rendang (curry beef) was on the sweeter side and I was not a fan of it, but portion wise is pretty good for the price."
"Ordered takeout from SkiptheDishes. We ordered the beef brisket curry, malaysian curry laksa, roti canai and the hainanese chicken rice. Total was around $60 - note that their skipthedishes prices are higher than their website prices.

We liked the laksa and curry. The hainanese chicken rice is not the best we've ever had, but it's not bad. Authenticity of the food leans more towards Malaysian than Singaporean. Overall, the dishes can be a bit oily but I think laksa is kind of just like that. 

More on my blog: https://sincerelyloewe.com/singapore-hawker-take-out/"
"I stopped by Singapore Hawker for a quick bite to eat after work. We ordered the Malaysian Laksa, Mee Goreng, Roti Cani , and HK Cold Milk Tea. 

Restaurant is nice and bright, with a clean interior. The restaurant was relatively quiet for a Friday night. We ordered our food at the counter, picked our own seat (& utensils) and waited for our number to be called out by their automated computer system.  

Taste wise, my Mee Goreng was fresh and pack full of flavour with a nice spicy kick. My boyfriend is a big fan of Laksa and raved about his noodle dish. The Roti Cani was also a nice appetizer and very reasonably priced at $3.95. (I love it when appetizers are priced well!) The HK Cold Milk was delicious, on the sweeter side with a smooth tea flavour.

Overall, casual dine in spot that was quick, efficient and tasty. I will be back."
"Good food, well priced. Order at the counter and take a seat, wait for your number to be called, pick up your tray and eat at your table.

Quality food, good portion to or price ratio.

Busy for a Friday night and hard to get a table for 6 people.

Friendly staff. Seems like a family rum type place but could be wrong.

A great addition and some variety to the usual side Japanese/Korean/Chinese that are in the area.

Will go back"
"Love that Coquitlam finally has a spot dedicated to Singaporean/Malaysian food! A super casual spot that is largely self-serve, but still offers a pretty large menu of noodle dishes, rice dishes, curries... pretty much all your hawker favourites.

We tried the beef rendang, the beef and chicken satay skewers, and of course roti canai! Everything was soo delicious. Rendang had so many layers of flavour to it and it honestly made me want to get an extra side of rice to finish off the sauce (we actually ended up packaging the leftover sauce to go to mix with rice for dinner haha). There was a nice portion of beef in the rendang as well. As for skewers, just as delicious. They were seasoned nicely and the peanut satay went perfectly with it. As for roti, super flakey and lots of tissue paper-thin layers. It was crispy perfection and did not feel overly greasy at all. The portion sizes are fair relative to the prices and everything is pretty shareable. Overall, was very impressed with the execution of all the dishes we tried. Highly recommend this spot if you find yourself in Coquitlam! 

The restaurant itself is very clean and spacious. I like that even though the service is a very food court style they provide customers with reuseable cutlery when they dine-in. There isn't too much parking just outside the restaurant. Note that the parking right outside the restaurant is metered and monitored pretty closely, so pay attention to the signs for streetside parking. The restaurant is across the street from a shopping complex though and I didn't find any issues with parking in the complex."
Good beef curry! Get the three curry sampler dishes. Decent flavours for a great price.
"Very happy with my experience here. AMAZING value and wonderful flavours. Lots of variety on the menu, and service was very quick.

We ordered the Gado Gado, Nyonya Rendang Lembu on Ginger Rice, and Singapore Laksa. Everything was bigger than I expected and overall, I am extremely happy with the reasonableness of the prices. Definitely coming back again!"
A new Singapore addition to the coquitlam neighborhood - right by Coquitlam center! Very quick and easy hawker style concept (Singapore fast food) where you order and pay at the cashier and find your own seats and wait to grab your order. I was pretty surprised by the generous portion size for the price. We ordered the Singapore Laksa + Kari Lembu. Each of these dishes were $12. The Laksa had a nice rich coconut flavour and they use vermicelli rather than the traditional thicker yellow noodles. The Kari Lembu was stacked with beef and had a good sauce that goes well with lots of rice. A good stop for a quick meal!
"Glad to have made the spontaneous decision to pick up take out from here after a hike: Hainanese chicken rice, kari ayam with steamed rice, rendang.

Closest I've had to good, tasty Singaporean food in Vancouver, tried Mamalee's and John3:16 but no dice. And not just authentic, delicious flavours, servings were generous (for vancouver standards) here too!

The Hainanese chicken rice: chicken was flavourful, moist and not weirdly tasteless like other places. Rice was a little broken, but fragrant and flavour was good. The chicken rice chilli was a little more tangy than I would like, but I'm pretty picky with Chatterbox in Singapore having my favourite chicken rice chilli; ginger was delish and on point. 

Rendang: beef was lean and tender, gravy was lemak, all together it was rich and sedap sekali! I'm looking forward to leftovers for lunch tomorrow.

Kari chicken: chicken was tender, flavours weren't to my taste. It's the ""I don't dislike it, I can eat it, but I wouldn't order it again"", type of dish for me. Gravy was thin, potato pieces were meh. What was delicious though, was the small side serve of sayur lodeh that unexpectedly came with this dish - I want a whole pot of it! The flavours and gravy brought back fond memories.

If they weren't all the way in Coquitlam, I'd be a regular!"
"What a hidden gem! First time I tried their Singapore laksa, soup base was very flavorful and creamy, savoury yet with a hint of coconut cream sweetness. Portion is very generous, and packed with substantial ingredients such as fishballs, shrimps, tofu puffs, etc. It was very good and I couldn't wait to go back and try other dishes. 

Today I went back for the second time, we ordered the boneless hainanese chicken rice, chicken satay, roti, and beef brisket curry. Oh my god!!!! I forgot how many times I said 'this is so good' throughout my lunch. The hainanese chicken was moist and tender and nicely marinaded. Chicken satay is succulent and satay sauce is thick and peanuty. Roti is hot, crispy and airy. Beef brisket is da bomb! It's savory, spicy, creamy, beef brisket has a good percentage of meat and fat. 

I've been raving about it to my family and friends already, can't wait to go back. The only downside is their tables do not have 2 meters apart, and certainly don't have plexi glass. They do keep all doors open to keep the air flowing though, but wish their social distancing is done better during COVID."
5 of me and my foodie friends ate here recently on a Friday night. Close to skytrain station and Coquitlam centre. I had Singapore laksa and roti canai and was not disappointed. Roti is very flakey and rivals John 3:16 Malaysian. Two of my friends had the Hainanese chicken and both said it was excellent.
"Super authentic singaporean food. My extended family's from SEA (south east asia) so pre-covid times I'd travel to ""spore"" for family visits and it's on par with the kind of food I had there.

They're doing great with covid restrictions, staff are wearing masks, barriers for the cashiers, tables are distanced well.

As for the food, I love the roti canai and the char kuey teow, but I've been working through their menu and there's not a dish I haven't liked so far. Even the HK style milk tea is really good."
Hidden gem, one of the good singapore restaurants cafe in town. Food is tasty. It gets busy so prepare to wait for a seat..
Finally a restaurant that serves Malaysian food done right. I love everything except the char kuay teow(fried noodles). Noodles used to be Amaze balls until they decided to remove the very ingredient that gives its signature flavour - the Lap Cheong. Bring it back please!
One of my favourite places to eat Malaysian food! It is affordable, quick service and the prices are affordable. Love this place! Highly highly recommend
"Mid-grade cafeteria style Singapore food, ok for an occasional lazy day depending if you are a real picky Hainan chicken eater or you are just happy with anything Asian.

We ordered Hainan Chicken and Keri Lambu (curry beef) plus a side order of Roti Canai. The beef curry was excellent in taste with full Flavoured spices and welll stewed beef briskets. The amount of potatoes are just right though it doesn't come with any rice so either pay extra for rice or go with roti.

Roti Canai tasted legit but this particular instance was a disappointment as it was overly oily and dark, reminiscent of refry/recook leftover roti. Perhaps next visit we will go at peak hours to hope for fresh roti instead.

Hainan Chicken was a disappointment lacking in Pandan and lemongrass flavour and I am not sure if it is a Singapore thing to not use these herbs. The chicken texture was on point: smooth. The chicken is of good quality and tasted good on its own so i still enjoyed it despite it not having the signature Hainan flavour that I was looking for. The condiments are on the skimpy side: no peanuts, and ginger dipping sauce has no green onions. The soup has zero chicken taste and I wouldn't touch it as i know what poached chicken soup should taste like and this ain't it (I hate getting msg hit so best policy is to avoid it).

Overall a decent place to get Asian food fix and I would try dishes other than Hainan chicken next time (their Laksa looks good) or stay with the beef curry."
"First time we ordered and we pleasantly surprised but all the interesting flavours!

We are not shy of spice, but for the first try we went with ""mild"" for every dish... and there was a lot of spice all around! My lady was almost at the point of being overwhelmed. Next time we might go with a couple ""no spice"" options along with some spicy ones to balance out the heat and give a little reprieve.

We ordered Hainanese Chicken, Mee Goreng, Nasi Goreng, Kari Lembu, Roti Canai, and Spring Rolls. The favorite all around for the entire family was the Kari Lembu. It was so richly flavoured, tender, and saucy. The curry went far on a lot of rice.

We saw that there were many rave reviews about the Hainanese Chicken, however, we weren't very impressed. The chicken was stone cold when it arrived, and it was quite blubbery with the skin and the almost-undercooked meat. The sauces for it were great though.

We will definitely order again, tweaking our menu a bit and trying a couple new things."
"My boyfriend and I always looking for new food adventures and we are happy that we came across to this little gem in Coquitlam.  

They offers signature Singaporean dishes and they were delicious! 

The Mee Goreng was packed with well-balanced flavours. The portion was decent for the price, there were a mixture of proteins like beef and prawns. The skewers were cooked perfectly, they weren't dry or tough to eat and the peanut satay sauce is to die for! It's so good! We do suggest eating the skewers first because the Mee Goreng overpowered the skewers. The Roti Canai was the highlight for us. It was crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, with a hint of sweetness that made it really unique to us. 10/10 recommend getting the Roti Canai.

Follow us on IG for more food adventures: mingmiineats"
This place is near a complex north of the Walmart/T an T side of Coquitlam Center. It's cafeteria style so you order your food, find a table and wait for your number to be called. We ordered a leafy vegetable dish that is only available in season, char Keow Tow, Hainanese chicken rice, and a roti dessert. The food reminded me of the malaysian food my dad makes at home. The size was a good portion and everything was very tasty. The chicken rice is a bit stickier than we're used to  but the overall taste was good. The roti dessert was the first time we've ever tried it. It was crispy and sweet; good to try and share but I personally don't know if I would crave it again. We usually like eating the roti with curry so it's all personal preference. Overall we enjoyed our dinner. It's a very casual place where like the food court you place all your dishes and garbage to a pick up area. If we are in the area we will visit this place again.
This was seriously one of the best meals I've had in Austin.  Staff was super nice, too!
"Couldn't be more excited when I found out that there's finally Singaporean food here in Austin. Food here reminds me every bit of  home and the flavor spot on. 

If you are looking for 
1. Authentic Singaporean/South East Asian Food - here's the place to dine at.
2. Yummy Noodles - here's also the place to be.


Must have: The Malay + The Emperor"
I love this food truck!  All the dishes I have tried are very flavorful, delicious, and come with a variety of toppings like crispy onions and cilantro.  My absolute favorite is the scholar with fried chicken on top.  Actually, the fried chicken is amazing, you should probably add it to any dish you order.
"I'm not from Austin but had a lot of fun checking out the food trucks (not as common in my city) while I was in town for a conference. DFG was one of the few options open during weekday lunchtime at the little food truck park on Rainey. I got the Scholar, which I thought was pretty good. The noodles were very thin and a bit hard to pick up the leftover bits. The staff was very nice, and recommended a chilled chamomile tea drink which was excellent. 

DFG gets 2 thumbs up for printing good, actual itemized receipts - something I really appreciated since I have to fill out obnoxiously bureaucratic expense reports."
Great food and consistent taste! Always fresh! My favorite is The Scholar! Lots of noodles, spice and pork belly! The crew do a great job of getting your order prepped quick so you can be on your way. Cheryl and team are very personable! I eat there almost every week!
"The place ranges between a 3 and 4 for a trailer.  It has alot of promise, but I think its going through the shakedown phase.

The good:
The DFG appetizer was amazingly good.  Think pork belly taco.  We got it without the curry and it was still excellent.  The flavors were balanced and nothing overpowered anything.  It was a bit different than we expected and we should have ordered two of them.  They also avoided one of my major complaints about pork belly...it didn't taste reheated or old.  It tasted very very fresh with no funky flavor.  That is a serious plus.

The okay:
We though the Scholar was a bit bland.  It needed something to punch the flavor up more.  Everything in it was fine, but it needed some salt or acid to tie the flavors together better.  The dish had the potential to be very good, but needs something to make it  a bit more snappy.

Summary:
I liked the trailer and thought they did a good job on the food.  Check out the DFG appetizer if you go there... its well worth checking out.  I get the feeling this place is going to evolve over time and refine their dishes a bit.  The staff was exceptionally nice and seem committed to making their place a success.  In short, this place is a keeper with plenty tasty potential."
"During a visit to the many bars of Rainey St, DFG was an oasis of smells and flavors.    With the amount of pork shoulder I was told they go through a day, I ordered the ""scholar"".  Delicious broth and pork flavors...it was the perfect food for a wild night at the bars.  Not too heavy, not too light.  

The owner/chef put up with my loudness and created a great meal.  Kudos to her patience..All the best in success!"
Thank you to Cheryl and DFG Noodles for your community involvement! I was really impressed with your eagerness to participate in our PTA event, and how energetic your interaction was with our families. Our PTA is proud to have a business like yours in our community who not only make the BEST, DFG Noodles and other Asian goodies, but who also shares our goal of building a solid sense of community for our families. We look forward to visiting your food truck again soon!
This place was DFG to say the least, I mean talk about an experience. I got the Scholar and my Boyfriend Jeremy Wright had the golden nuggets. Needless to say delicious. I would highly recommend this place to anyone, even my Grandma who doesn't enjoy Asian Cuisine. Thanks DFG!
This truck came to our work and I tried the Golden Nuggets with the spicy rice.  AMAZING!  So much flavor and just the right amount of spice for me!  For my friend it was too spicy and he got the terriyaki rice so beware if you get the red chili sauce in your bowl.  I can't wait to try one of the noodle bowls next time!  I also had the pot stickers. THey were good but not the best I've ever head but definitely worth the price.
"Not a bad place to chow down! I came during SXSW so the prices were skewed a bit so I pretended to eat the food whenever its regular price :)

I had the banh mih and potstickers. the potstickers weren't excellent but weren't bad either. Just solid potstickers you find at any asian restaurant. The crispiness was there but I didn't get that flavourful bite on the inside as I would at some top dumpling houses.

The banh mih was quite interesting. Not your traditional banh mih since they used a thai style curry with coconut shavings on the meatballs. Was pretty solid but I can see why some people won't like the unique flavor.

All in all, a decent food truck! I'll definitely be back to try the noodles since that's what they are known for."
Alright then!! Decided to get lunch here today & NO REGRETS! I ordered the Golden Nuggets with a side of stir fried veggies & glass noodles. Its a lot of delicious food! Service was quick & staff was friendly. They are worth another trip next time they're in the area & I will explore the menu a little more! Pretty F'n Good Lunch today!
The Golden Nuggets are tender and delicious. Love getting it with a fried egg to make the rice even more amazing.
When I arrived they had a long line so I was surprised at how quickly they had my food out! I ordered the Golden Nuggets with Noodles and a side of 3 Pork Potstickers. The chicken was perfectly cooked with a crunchy light batter and the noodles were so rich and flavorful! The potstickers were crunchy on the outside with a yummy filling and to top it off the teriyaki glaze on them was very sweet and tangy. I was overall very happy with my choice and will probably get something more adventurous when I return!
"I'm a big fan of this trailer. Really nice to have some more variety in Asian options around here, and DFG does a great job delivering authentic, and creative Singaporean/SE Asian noodle dishes. 

I've tried both the Malay and The Scholar. The Scholar was my favorite. Really flavorful, really filling, and I appreciated the use of Chinese greens.

The Malay was also good. Typically it comes as an appetizer with a small curry and roti. You can also order it as an entree with extra curry over jasmine rice. The curry is good. Nothing crazy, but solid. The roti leaves a lot to be desired. It's not light and fluffy like roti should be, and it tends to be pretty oily. However, I understand that options for preparing fresh roti are probably limited in a food trailer, so I don't fault DFG for that. I'm also a bit of a roti addict, so I'm probably more picky than most.

I'll definitely keep coming back, especially for dishes like The Scholar. I can get curry at other places in Austin, but this is the only place I know to get an authentic Southeast Asian street noodle dish."
"I had the pleasure of eating at the DFG Truck downtown a while back. It was very good. So it only made sense that I had DFG come out this past Wednesday to cater our weekly office lunch... Phenomenal.

They arrived on time, set up was a breeze, dishes were labeled, utensils were provided, and the food was absolutely delicious. Just really tasty stuff!

Cheryl Chin (owner) was a pleasure to work with... She made sure all our needs were met and that we came in at our budget. What more can an Office Manager ask, right? Well... If the food sucks, the employees don't care about the other stuff, and that was NOT A PROBLEM here. Everybody really enjoyed the food. We have a vegetarian on staff, and they packed an individual meal just for them. It was great.

I would recommend stopping by the truck to get yourself a taste. You won't regret it. And if you ever need to cater lunch, this is a terrific option.

I'm already looking forward to the next time we have them come by the office. I'll probably have to swing by the truck in the meantime for a DFG fix!"
"A former co-worker has been telling me to try this for years now. I've never gotten around to it, but finally did yesterday. They have a tasty menu and I couldn't decide, so i asked them to recommend a dish. before I could walk away the dish was ready at the pickup window, piping hot and smelling like food heaven. I tried the Scholar, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who's looking for mediocre. It was awesome! 

If you see this truck, don't miss out like I did, stop in and try it. I wish I had sooner. Friendly and fast."
Austin needs Malaysian/Singaporean cuisine, even if it comes in the form of slightly Americanized street food from a truck DT with a limited menu. I got the Scholar (brown vermicelli with ayam instead of pork, garnished beautifully, perfect sambal, lots of thigh meat, quite oily, but no complaints about that). This meal reminded me of KL. Can't wait to try the laksa.
First, the service was very friendly, which I appreciated, and my order was ready very quickly. I ordered a tofu coconut curry and a spicy chicken dish, and both were really good.
"The best Asian food I've had in downtown so far.  Consistent quality and service.

Recommendations:

* Check their availability on their website as they aren't always in the same place from day to day.
* Generally ask them to go easy on the sauce as I feel they overdo it
* Prefer rice over the noodle options
* If you like spicy food, ask for some heat on the side

Specifically I've been pleased with the Malay with Roti bread.

Wishlist

* The generator is always *CRAZY* loud.  Wish they could set that off to the side with some kind of barrier or something, but I realize that may not be possible."
"I wanted to write a great review.  The noodles were good, the pork was fairly tender, seasoning was spot on.  However when I ordered pot stickers, the person taking money turned around and grabbed potstickers with there bare hands......

Update:

A bit later the owner reached out to me and helped better explain the situation - New employee and nerves.  She Also followed up with an apology. I appreciate the ownership that was taken and actions to resolve an issue."
I loooooove this truck!! The curry tofu tacos were so good we went back for seconds while at BatFest! Thank you DFG, you guys rock!
"Very tasty and fast with great service.  Personally, I think the portion was a little small for the price and for a dinner.

I ordered the Scholar with an egg for $12.  Glad I added the egg, I think without it I would have had to order a second one.

The noodles and pork were very tasty, so no complaints about the taste or service."
"I ate this 2 days in a row @ the Lonestar Le Mans this past weekend. 

I had The Scholar with Curry and Egg on day one (those noodles were to die for) and I had The Malay with Egg, Veggies, Curry and Fried Chicken. This just knocked it out of the park. Props to these guys for kicking mad butt at the event. Their line was definitely the longest each day, which was impressive!

Great experience from the amazing staff! Food was delicious and I already miss it!"
Could you please have some hours on Saturday or Monday ? I work guys!!!! I'm stuck like a sardine, in a hospital for 12-13 hours...I can get anywhere Tuesday -Friday.
"If you are looking for a cure from the normal Pad Thai and Pho, you need to check out this trailer!!!  Apparently my girlfriend and I were among the owners first customers and she was super excited for us to try her food, which was delicious!!  We ordered the Pork Belly with rice, the ""Laksa"" and a curry appetizer with the most delicious fried bread I have ever tasted.  The flavors in the Laksa are like nothing I have ever had, spicy, creamy, really just hard to describe, but delicious!!  The curry that came with the fried bread was also amazing and I could have eaten just that with a bowl of rice.  My girlfriend got the pork belly and it was awesome, though I would have liked a bit more of the sauce to accompany the rice, but that's just being picky.  The portions were pretty generous for the price, especially the appetizer curry.  Definitely one of the best food trailers I have had thus far and I will absolutely be back to try the rest of the dishes!!"
Not sure how long they've been in downtown on Wednesdays, but I'm really glad I found them. They first drew me in when they had sinigang, a Filipino soup that exemplifies comfort food, as their weekly special. It's pretty tough finding Filipino food anywhere in Austin, so I knew I had to try it. Plus, it happened to be a cold day, so a warm soup over a bowl of rice really hit the spot. Since then, I've come back a few times, and everything I've tried, from the pot stickers to the Scholar to the chicken adobo, has been really good and under $10.
Just had the scholar and fried egg! Unbelievable!! Will definitely eat again. Oh and friends had the Golden nuggets and said the same. Really good food at this here truck!
"Just ate ""The Cook"".  It was delicious.  Singapore style noodles are so flavorful.  The owners were a delight to talk to as well. One from Maui ""Mahalo"" and one from Singapore."
"I've been wanting to try DFG Noodles for a while now, but didn't have time to go out and wait in line at a food truck. I used UberEats for this food with $10 off my first delivery. I'm so glad I did, because this was amazing food! 

I had the Scholar with a fried egg and some golden nuggets. 10/10 would have again for lunch. 

Use my promo code for $10 off your first UberEats delivery, too: eats-juliew1045"
Verrrrrry interesting dishes with a lot going on, which I LOVE.  Anything with their curry is delicious.  Their pancake/tortilla thing is crazy good!!!  I can't describe what it's made of-- potato? flour? love?-- but dear god it's addicting.  I want MORE!
I've never known that noodles and pork could be so amazing until I ate at DFG. The pork belly was incredibly tender, the taste so incredible that I had a religious experience. God spoke to me through the noodles as I ate them, His voice reverberating from my stomach. A divine presence washed over me as I consumed what was clearly ambrosia, and I wept, as I knew I shall never taste a better bowel of noodles. Live long and prosper, DFG Noodles. You are the one true king.
One word to describe it. Yummy. I try not to be disappointed by some trucks because you get such a small portion of food, but this place is on par. I will definitely be returning when they come back around.
"So we are literally Skyline Theater about to watch Boy George and happen to looking for a place to eat due to trying to rush to the concert in time .

So I see this place DFG and saw that the line was moving quickly so I was hesitant to order. I saw the menu and noticed different types of unheard dishes so I decided to try it . 

OMG !! The food was amazing and so was the customer service .  So I would def try this place of possible . We had the deep fried potstickers , the Pork belly with noodles and the fried chicken nuggets . To die for !!!"
"It's been a while since I've had something that blew my mind. Really it has been. I've had a lot of good food over the holidays and a lot of bland food too. So I wasn't expecting much when I took my first bite into DFG and in the midst of an allergy induced suppression of my taste buds, really didn't expect to taste anything.

Boy was I wrong. *mind blown*

The scholar is where it's at. Extremely flavorful charred pork belly and spam in thin vermicelli noodles. There's some sweet, savory, salty action going on over there that has just enough richness and enough spice to cut through everything. I could eat this stuff for days and not get tired of it.

The chicken malay is good too if you're into curry. Big chunks of chicken and potato in a warm curry milk sauce. 

Sad part? They're hard to chase down since they move around. Open a brick and mortar please! I'd definitely frequent often if they did"
"I keep finding myself at food trucks in the middle of the night hoping that the carbs will offset the drunkenness of my companions. DFG was the spot last night. It was pouring down rain, and I met my friends there. The staff graciously allowed us to hang under their awning while we tore into our dishes.

I don't even remember what I had, but it was AMAZING, and the prices were LOW. I finished the whole bowl before I'd realized it. It was one of those ""SOMEONE ATE MY WHOLE PIE"" moments. Definitely swing by and see what you can see. It's on the corner of 5th and Colorado. Very yummy."
Just ordered catering for a business meeting and it was so easy to order, to pay, to get the food,  and she even made little tent cards with the items and ingredients.  Wow, it couldn't have been smoother and everyone is still talking about the food.  I'm pretty sure there are plates being licked behind closed doors.  Yummmm.  You guys rock!
"Food truck done right!!

Thai food truck hit the spot. 

Won't disappoint, flavors are spot on!

Quick and friendly."
"Through the Dark void of aweful Asian restaurants passes a brilliant silver unicorn a streak of greatness, I give you DFG noodles! They are the soul practitioners of authentic Singapore style food in the atx, and damn is it good! yes authentic can be good! In fact... It's best! Why would you try to fix something that ain't been broke for 100's of years? Anyway I digress to the foods. The laksa which is a coconut curry broth with noodles is awesome! Savory and rich and a little spicey, just great! The scholar which is a fine rice noodle fried with delicious pork and an egg is superb! They keep it simple and consistent something everyone should take note of. I took my wife's Cantonese family here and they all loved it. Just damn f@($ing good noodles! I wil be back probably more times than I should.


Ps. The dfg taco pretty blew everyone's taste buds away!"
"Woooooo! Get the DFG Taco!!!! (unless you don't like cilantro)

The owner told us someone told her she needed to put a taco on her menu. Advice well taken. She created something like a Japanese pancake or a roti, maybe, and wrapped up pulled pork with fresh cucumber, cilantro, and hot sauce).

Also a huge fan of the Slow Time Special: noodles served with a fried egg and pulled pork (omg this pork) and bok choy. You break the yoke and the egg runs into the noodles, making it creamy and savory. Mix it together and enjoy an amazing blend of things I can't describe.

Also love the Malay, Indian roti bread served with a delicious curry of potatoes and meat. 

The cooks are really fast here- you won't be waiting long!"
"Seeing this place every Friday near my office is always a call for celebration. DFG has a menu bursting with flavor, innovation and awesome. After trying most things on the menu, I always come back to the concubine -- DFG's unique take on pho and bursting with umami flavor and spice. The dish was loved so much that once taken off the menu for the season --- DFG brought it back given repeated customer requests. Their curries are excellent as well but not for the faint of heart in terms of spice factor. Talk about capsaicin station.   

Since transitioning to brick and mortar from long-time loved food truck is the norm and a formula for guaranteed success in austin, I wouldnt be surprised to see this place sprouting up with a Burnet or N. Lamar location in the near future."
"This is one of those times that I wish I could award 5.5 Stars for 110% because this place went over and beyond with their service and food was out of this world. I'm not a food trailer fan, they remind me of greasy spoons. But they have become apart of our culture and if food this good comes out of all trailers they will be here to stay. My friend recommended this place and since I love all food Asian I agreed. Lets start with the menu. Although only 6  entree choices I had no idea what to order because I wanted them all. The young lady taking the orders at the window was wonderful and friendly. She could see my dilemma and tell I was a ""NEWBIE"" and came up with a suggestion of a combo plate that combined 3 different dishes and a world of flavors. I ordered the the golden nuggets over a bed of the Scholar noodles with Malay curry. The chicken was hot and golden, crisp and juicy made to order. The noodles were something else. A mix of Spiced Ham and Pork Belly stir fried with veggies in some sort of secret sauce. All this with the Malay curry which tasted so Coco-nutty  with a nice mild spice topped it all off. I forgot I also ordered the Roti bread. Which is like a thin buttery naan bread. I mopped every morsel of my dish. I had the medium size which I regret. I was told large order was 5 more big bites. I wish I had gotten it because I would have devoured. Everyone was friendly from the order taker to the cook that garnished my food. Telling which was which and telling me about the spiciness of the Sambal sauce. Despite a line of 20 or so people the speed of which moved rapidly and efficiently like a well oiled machine. My friend told most people were regulars. The truck moves from spot to spot and only comes bu us every other week. People in the office count down days until the noodle guys come again. I am now on of those and can' t wait to see Cheryl and the boys next week."
Such great quality and taste. Had the Scholar and the Empress. Thanks for the choice to use compostable containers!
Fine option on Austin's always growing food truck block on Congress.  Menu is different from most around.  Lots of Malaysian flavors and spices so if you're not into that curry taste then this isn't for you.  Most bowls are about $10-12 and come with some form of rice or noodle and then a protein like pork belly, tofu, or fried chicken.  Had the scholar with an added egg as one does.  Egg perfectly fried on sight and is a great and needed addition.  The dish itself is filling but very powerful on the flavor front.  I wasn't too into the protein as it was very heavy on the sauce.  Chili-like texture in the curry.  The whole meal came way too sauced up.  Soy sauce on the egg, spicy sauce on the noodles, and the protein seeped.  Made a once neat dish into a bit of a soup.  Everything was tasty and fresh and made to order but quick.  Just a bit heavy so expect to get full and heavy when you come to DFG.
"I remember going to the Yelp Dinner hosted by DFG at least a couple years back. We were all impressed by the flavors and the hospitality. My +1 and I were especially happy with their 'Slow Time Special' that consisted of noodles served with a fried egg and pulled pork (omg the pork) and bok choy. My +1 loved it so much that she made regular stops at their Rainey location often enough that she only had to give her name and they knew her order. 

Cut to last year when I started a new job where food trucks are on regular rotation in the courtyard - one of those being DFG. Unfortunately, the 'Special' is long gone. BUT, they still serve my second favorite dish from that meal long, long ago - the Scholar which consists of delicious rice noodles with ham, chopped pork belly, greens, deliciously fried shallots and that oh-so delicious and perfectly fried egg on top. It's a little different than it was back then. I feel like they took the really flavorful elements of their Slow Time Special and fused them with the comforting and satisfying components of The Scholar. I love this dish and pretty much order it every time DFG is at the office. 

Glad to see that this food truck is still going strong and more so that they bring their delicious goods to me once a month!"
"The DFG truck comes to my office every Tuesday and guess what...Tuesdays are my favorite day of the week at work now. I always get the empress over rice, and it's just the right amount of spice and thickness for a curry. I definitely recommend the rice over noodles. The rice is cooked just right! 

 The staff is always just so friendly. It's the highlight of my work week every week."
The highlight of my week. Best char kway teow I've had in austin - they use proper lap cheong- very oily and very satisfying. The Malay (be sure to order the $1 roti) hits the spot without sitting too heavily in your stomach and the Scholar (bee hoon) with a sunny side up egg is paired with really nice homemade sambal for some full balanced flavours. Singapore/malaysia/Indonesia in a little bowl, truly damn f*cking good noodles
"Update:
I was contacted by the owner, Cheryl, who was briefed on my terrible prior experience with them. She actually was the last person I interacted with at DFG noodles who handed me my food but I hadn't seen her presence during the entire time I was waiting. Upon hearing how terrible my visit with them went and the build up of my total frustration, she agreed that this was not acceptable service from them and owned up to it. My order getting lost, the very long wait, frustration on their side of the fryer breaking, we're all just unfortunate events that snowballed into a total crappy visit. She did mention that she was grateful that I took a chance on them rather than sticking to a food vendor that I knew and loved and raved to have my friends try their food out.  I am glad my friends who did try got their food fast and piping hot. Totally jealous on their fast service and food service there so in a perfect situation, they've got it locked down!

I appreciated the honesty of her as an owner, and from the unfortunate day, the reason for the halfsies apology (which really peeved me) was most likely because she did not know just how long I had waited for my food. She hadn't known how long I had truly waited and after hearing the backstory felt super bad. There were a new person training up who didn't know the proper methods to follow. She comped my meal and also supplied a gift card to their competitors to make it right and for that, I truly appreciate the above and beyond actions that she took to make things right. Mistakes happen, and I'm glad they helped make the situation 100% better!

12/14/2015 original review:
They did me wrong. $12 + tip and I left completely disappointed.

The DFG Golden Nuggets, $9 on a bed of tiny tiny rice.  Totally disappointing.  Too bad when I ordered the fryer had just broke on them but they had gotten a second one and was getting the oil hot and running for the batches of food.  They continued to take orders but didn't let folks after me ordering the same thing know. I would have been forgiving and understanding but what happened next just completely sucked.

I waited patiently, and waited on my food.  They came to Trail of Lights and I decided they would be better, to try something new aside from my beloved Chilantros.  Folks that came into the Trail of Lights when I came, had bought an EXTRA hours worth of time to enjoy with less crowdage.  Too bad their ""Sorry, 5 more minutes..."" turned into a whole 45 minutes of me standing around waiting while folks ordering after me the Golden Nuggets received their order.

The final slap came when someone in my group ordered 40 mins after me while I was waiting, and not 5 minutes after, received their order of the Golden Nuggets, fried and ready for him.  Now, I don't like to pester the folks who have orders upon orders, and not even sure what happened amongst all the chaos.  There was absolutely no apology from the employees that worked on the truck that night.  Nothing in regards to why my name and where my food was supposed to head out the line and where my order disappeared to?  They seemed frazzled and did not want to own up to their mistake of having me stand by their truck for quite some time, cold and hungry.  

I trust when I pay and have people cook in their food trucks, whatever food system they have should be good and going but they totally suck at their services and lack of apology.  The mentioned they gave me double the chicken, but at that point, I wasn't ok with that apology.  Disappointment in the food, nothing special that screamed will be back, paired with mediocre crowd service, will not be back."
"Delightful Friendly Gals?
Deep Fried Goodness?
Destined For Greatness?

So, I was at work, had no lunch plans, was starving, and not motivated by our office park's usual Tuesday food truck offering (hot dogs).  So, I thought I'd run an errand and see if something inspired me.  As I turned onto Research, I saw the DFG (which stands for ""Dang F'ing Good Asian street food"") at the nearby Schwab office park, and pulled over.

There was a decent amount of folks waiting, but no one in line to order, so I walked right up.  The young lady who helped me was charming, and offered suggestions (in a kind way, not in a 'hurry up and choose something already' way).  Though she suggested their take on pho, even though it was about a bazillion degrees outside.  I went with ""The Scholar"" (stir fried, marinated vermicelli noodles, with little diced bits of spiced ham/spam, pork belly, chinese greens and shallots, with Sambal chili sauce on top) because:  pork belly.  Instead of committing to the large, I got the ""medium"" (which is the smallest size), and used the cheaper price to justify adding a fried egg, as well as a side of the fried dark meat chicken ""Golden Nuggets"".  Each was an additional $1.50. 

The food came out lightning fast, which means that everything was just being kept warm until needed for assembly later.  This may have been why the egg seemed a little more done than I prefer.  Half the yolk was hard cooked.  It did add good flavor, so that's a plus.  I found the noodles to be too broken (or cut?) to be as fun to eat with the provided chopsticks.  Credit where credit is due, the provided chopsticks were the nicer rounded ones that didn't have to be snapped apart.  I'd say that even if you ""don't like spicy food"", you should mix a bit of the Sambal (that's like unblended Sriracha, right?) in to make it more interesting.  The fried chicken was the tasty highlight.  I wonder if they would just sell me two sides of that...

Overall a decent work-lunch option, but nothing blew me away (though the fried chicken was almost there).  The way I did it, though, it was an $11 entree, at a slightly smallish portion.  So not something I'm likely to frequently do.  

3.45 stars"
Cheryl has catered our client appreciation 3 years in a row.  The first two years she brought her food truck in and we had rave reviews from our guests.  We had our last party last night and my wife asked for it to be a little stepped up, as in more of catering gig.  All I can say is WOW.  It may have been the best, catered food I've ever had.  All our clients were raving about it.  I woke up this morning thinking how good the food was.  I am a huge fan of DFG and highly recommend them for catering your event.  Thank you, Cheryl!!!  All my clients were raving about how good your food was!
Just had The Scholar with the mild curry sauce..amazing! So so good! Ordered through Street Food Finder and it was ready super quick.
"Solid, great flavor and spice. Chicken is always cooked well, roti is a great addition to a bowl, the curry is ultra good.

If you can't decide, get the trinity with curry veg and a roti, it's a great combo"
I finally had a chance to get some food from the DFG noodle truck, friends have told me about the food, I finally had a chance to catch their truck downtown, I had the Scholar with an added fried egg. I will definitely chase them back down again :-)
"Update: Thank you, DFG for taking the time out to respond to my review and suggest a sweet sauce I can add - I am sure that will help!

Tried DFG for the first time after seeing what a long line they had and figuring something with that much attention must be good! First off, they should get mad credit for their speed and attention to detail. I think their small menu allows them to turn customers super fast, while still being able to make substitutions and customizations. They staff were so incredibly friendly, it blew me away. The food was great, and I'm glad I followed the staff's advice on doing a scholar sub (that had both elements of the scholar and of the golden nuggets) so I could try a bit of both worlds, but I felt like the dish was seriously lacking in a sweet element. The portion size was good (even for a medium - they offer larger sizes as well) but I didn't really scarf it down the way I had planned because I needed that sweetness. 

All in all, I think this is a fantastic lunch spot if you are in the area. You can't beat that service !"
Saw that this truck was just down the street, and decided to try it out on a whim for lunch.  I went with an order of the pork potstickers, and the Empress with a piece of roti bread.  The pork potstickers were average, and a had very little filling inside, and weren't the most fresh tasting, but still decent.  The Empress was very good however, with lots of flavorful rich sauce and a good amount of chicken and tender carrots.  The roti bread was fresh and tasty as well and was good for dipping in the leftover sauce.  The line was fairly long but the service was friendly and the food came out super quickly.  I'd definitely come back to try a couple other dishes on the menu.
"* 5 / 5 stars

3 words - Dang. F'ing. Good. DFG is so aptly named... man this place is the bomb dot com. I look forward to it so much every Wednesday that I have a calendar invite in my outlook so that I don't forget (tbh, I don't need the calendar invite because i will never forget to go). First and foremost, the food is TOP QUALITY. Yes, the menu is tiny and they're cooking out of a food truck, but the taste is a ten out of ten. My favorite order is The Scholar with Curry on top. It's always piping hot, very fresh, and nothing is ever soggy (i.e. the noodles are kept separate and the green onion garnish is always put on top at the last minute). The portions are also very generous, and well plated and covered in foil for easy transport back to the office.

Their customer service is also on point. Sometimes the line gets very long, but you can tell the crew is busting their butt to get through that line as fast as they can. Everyone is friendly, and the woman taking the orders (potentially the owner?) ALWAYS smiles and thanks customers. They also have a nice loyalty program where if you go there 10 times, you get a little reward :) 

Finally, just a last shoutout to DFG for keeping it real and repping the Filipino / Malay food out here in Austin. It's awesome to get that kind of variety here - truly a breath of fresh air. There was pork adobo on the specials menu the other week and I couldn't believe it. I doubt you can get that anywhere else in Austin. Thanks DFG!"
Omg the best. I've been wanting to come here when the food truck is here,but they're only on 3rd/Congress on Wednesday's. I ordered the golden nuggets and subbed the rice for the Singapore noodles. Was not disappointed!! Will be coming back and trying more of the food
"I am not one that sticks to a routine, when it comes to food. I like variety in my food. But in rare moments that I find something good, I do eat it a lot. The Scholar for DFG is one such meal I tend to eat again and again.

The food truck comes to my place of work once a week. They are always nice, friendly and food is always good. 

I did manage to try the other entrees, such as the Golden Nuggets (fried chicken), and the Fire Cracker Shrimp. Once it gets cooler, I will try their curry dishes too. But I like the Scholar the best at the moment."
"Well I had a helluva time here at DFGN on a recent Friday night - - which happened to be their ""Grand Opening"" - - offering half off on appetizers?!?  Aww yeah I'm all game for a deal on Asian cuisine.  

Bright trailer, very busy, they're cutting up some veggies and it looks so appetizing.  I asked for a recommendation, she says the DFG for sure - - honey soy glazed pork belly, cucumber, cilantro, wrapped in pan cripsed malay bread, finished with chicken curry.  Normally $5.50 but it's half off - - AWWW YEAH!!  That sounds good, let's do it up.  We'll have 1 of these and then hit the bars, don't want to fill up too soon. 

A few minutes pass, here comes our DFG, it's piping hot and I get some spicy sauce on the side.  To no avail I put some on and take a bite - - wow!  It really floored me - - awesome flavors mixing together, and I totally love the malay bread it's wrapped in - - way better than a tortilla I tell ya!  I get the curry, some pork, sweetness, hot, cilantro, it's literally so damn good I take a couple more bites until my friend Cosmo's like ""dude - - half that's supposed to be mine...."".  Oh, mah fault.  Here you go.  

Cosmo's reaction - - the same, he totally dug it.  It was so dang good that we came back to DFGN when the bars closed out to order another one of those awesome DFG appetizers.  It tasted just as good as the first - - can't get enough!  

Customer service was superb!  The owner was there, she was very nice and attentive, the other staff were very prompt, courteous, and quick with the execution.  They also gave us ""goodie bags"" filled with cookies for their grand opening, and they had free beer...?!?  Wowsers.  The food is very tasty and unique, one of a kind.  To me that make this a perfect 5-star experience, can't wait to try the other items on their menu along w/ that awesome DFG Appetizer!"
I can't believe I didn't try this place sooner. What a fantastic lunch! I got a medium empress over rice noodles with a bonus egg. The curry was beautiful. They always have a line, but it moves very quickly. Employees are super nice, and I love the customization options. I'll definitely be back!
"Wow, I'm surprised I haven't reviewed one of my favorite food trucks in Austin!

There isn't enough good things to say about this place.  Oh!  But it can get quite busy, (even though the staff is exceptional) so get there early and if not, it'll be a short wait.  And yes, it is worth it.  My go to is the DFG Trinity!  (It's in small print at the bottom of the menu). There is some spiciness in this but the flavors are exploding with deliciousness! 
If you ever see the meatballs on special, those are a must add to your order.  You will NOT be disappointed. 
The staff is not only exceptional, but highly skilled and very successful at any food modification you may have.(ie. boiled egg, fried egg, cilantro, etc.)
If you're ever downtown around 11-2pm on Friday's, you can probably find this food truck at either Silicon Labs Building (200 or 400 West Cesar Chavez)."
I had them spur of the moment last week- and goodness I am excited I did. I craved them literally all weekend, was excited to come to work on Monday to learn they weren't there. Finally learned their schedule, and had them again today. The empress is delicious. I love it. It made my whole day. Have it- you will not regret it!
I am so glad I caught them before their respite! It was so tasty, and will be definitely ordering once you are opened back up!
"CHOW Lucky Noodle Bar是本拿比Grand Villa Casino金殿娛樂場內一間新近改建的中式炒飯麵檔，代替原來的越南河粉檔。餐點方面選擇不多，除了中式炒粉飯麵外，還有雲吞麵、越式河粉和泰式炒河等共十款，價錢全部劃一為$12元。這個價位跟坊間餐館相若，凡出示Encore賭場會員卡可獲折扣優惠，讓顧客在賭場內多了一個餐飲選擇。如未有Encore賭場會員卡，只需到賭場客戶服務櫃檯出示身份證明文件申請并可即時發卡使用，新會員更有免費賭場泥碼奉送啊！

Noodle Bar採用開放式廚房，廚師們在客前現叫現炒，炒鑊鏗鏗作響及火光熊熊，蔚為奇觀。這裡是先付款後用餐形式運作，顧客需先到櫃檯下單付款，服務員會給予一個號碼牌，找位置安坐後會有服務生按照餐桌上的號碼牌送上指定餐點和餐具，隨餐會奉上幸運曲奇一個作為餐後甜品！

鮮蝦叉燒豬肉炒飯 $12 ~ 這款炒飯改了一個繁複名稱，其實就是我們熟識的揚州炒飯，沒有想到這裡的炒飯色香味都不弱，真有點驚喜啊！

星洲鮮蝦腰果炒麵 $12 ~ 名為炒麵但送來却是星洲炒米粉，材料相當豐富但味道一般"
I'd say the food here is above average. Prices are a little higher at $12 per dish so i'm comparing the food quality to other chinese restaurants that charge that. We ordered the BBQ pork and shrimp fried rice and the Singapore fried cashew shrimp noodles. The fried rice was surprisingly tasty and well seasoned. Plenty of toppings were added and everything was well cooked. It did not blow me away but i liked it. They could have a added a few more cashews though. The singapore noodles was OK in terms of taste. Shrimp are well cooked. I expected a few more toppings which would have made it better. I probably won't order that again. We ordered take-out this visit and the proportions are very similar if you were to eat in which is good. One thing i didnt like were the long wait times. The casino at the time was really packed and it looks like the small kitchen could not handle the amount of customers coming in. The noodles took 5 minutes to be ready which was good but the fried rice took itself took almost 20 minutes which is unreasonable. I overheard a customer complaining and they were told he had to wait half and hour for his order. The queue to order food was about 10-12 minutes and they only had one cashier to take orders at the time. If the casino is pretty busy, definitely expect to wait a long time.
It's cool that you can sit on the counter and see the chef cook your dish on their flaming wok. This is a casual dine-in restaurant that serves Chinese, Vietnamese, and Singaporean dishes and you will get your dishes on a tray from the server. I tried the beef and broccoli with black bean sauce on rice and the bbq pork and shrimp fried rice. Both were cooked very well with a perfect balance of authentic flavours for a Casino restaurant environment. For a restaurant that gives you a fortune cookie with your meal, the food taste pretty darn good.
"Looking for a taste of Singapore without the expensive plane ticket? Prata Man offers just that and is conveniently located in a small Richmond plaza. The chef spent time in Singapore so the cuisine is pretty authentic. The food is best enjoyed family style although they have combos for one.  The interior is very outdated, and mediocre service like most Chinese restaurants but all this is made up for when you taste their signature dish, the Hainanese Chicken Rice.

The Curry Beef was pretty good. We liked the curry sauce and huge chunks of beef. The curry isn't spicy if you're wondering. The thing lacking is the prata. Unfortunately it's very flat like pancake and there was no flaky texture like other prata we've eaten.

The satay skewers were alright but a tad on the dry side. The peanut dipping sauce was great but we'll probably pass next time.

Hainanese Chicken Rice is often called Singapore's national dish though it origins in Hainan, China. This is the most popular item on the menu. When ordering the dish, it is served with soup, Hainanese rice, and two kinds dipping sauces (a hot chili and diced onion & garlic sauce). 

The whole chicken is submerged in stock or water. The secret to making this dish successfully is the temperature, seasoning and duration in the bath. The rice is prepared with the chicken stock used to cook to main dish. The soup had a strong ginger taste. I like ginger but this is a heads up for people who don't enjoy ginger as much. 

OVERALL IMPRESSION OF PRATA MAN:
This hole in the wall looking restaurant does one thing really well, and that's alright with us. The star of the show is always the food. We will continue to come here for the Hainanese Chicken Rice dish and we recommend you to try it! We will skip the other dishes we ordered and go with a whole chicken the next time. 

WHAT WE TRIED:
1/2 Dozen Satay Skewers (Pork, Chicken, & Beef) | $7.95
Single Serving Hainanese Chicken with soup & rice | $7.25
Curry Beef with Prata Bread | $7.95

The Good: 
- Authentic representation of Singapore's national dish.
- Inexpensive and fast.

The Bad:
- Cash only, so make sure you have some before coming.
- The other dishes were not appealing."
Pretty decent hainanese chicken rice. The whole chicken we ordered was decent in sized and deboned, super tender and moist. The rice was not flavoured with pandan leave nor was there much chicken flavour (have to fry the rice in a little chicken fat which can be super unhealthy). Service was prompt and friendly. Will recommend and revisit.
"Probably one of the top 2 hainanese chicken, oil rice and clear soup that you can find in the lower main. 

The chicken comes in 2 kins...1 using ordinary chicken and 1 using free range.  Both are served 90 % boneless and comes nicely garnished..tasting tender and moist. 

They have a package $21 for a whole chicken with 5 bowls of rice and soup...feeds 3-4 people...so affordablr and worth the $. The free range is around $28 but the texture and taste of the chicken is well worth the few $. Amazingly authentic taste and best seller for sure.

Next had the skewers..$1.25 for each...of course cheaper by the doz. Ordered a doz and had a combo of beef chicken and pork. Meat was tender and not dry. Satay sauce was phenomenal. The best ive tasted in a restaurant in vancouver. 

They also had mee goreng and other authentic singaporean dishes like beef curry  abd the prata bread. . The place is small but easily packed during meal times. A hidden gem and treasure tucked away in a strip mall north of garden city st in richmond. 

Money well spent. Our party of 7...5 adults and 2 kids only set us back $80 including tips and we had some leftover for take out. .would i go again...? Already planning it...lol. 

Happy eating!"
"Hainan Chicken is so-so.  
The best is their Chicken Satay (Grilled Chicken on Skewers).  Meat is fresh, juicy and tender.
My 2nd favorite is the Pan fried shrimp noodle.  
Price is very good and reasonable.  It's a family like restaurant, so the restaurant itself looks very old and not very attractive.  
Because of its family setting, the restaurant attracts many families ordering take-outs for lunch and dinner.  
I also like their Curry Beef  stew with Malaysian-style pancakes.  Very yummy.  
Good portion!!!!  Good for family gatherings, if you don't mind the unattractive appearance of the interior.  (It really needs a good renovation, but I guess this is how they keep the price low for years)  
Will definitely go back!"
"There are two must-haves here.

1) Roti - What's not to love with the fluffy pillows of butteriness? You can also order a side of curry sauce. It lasts enough for two orders (and 2 roti comes with an order).

2) The Hainanese Chicken, of course - You can get a single serving, a half-chicken or a full-chicken. With 4 people (2 adults and 2 kids), a half chicken was the perfect portion. The chicken is served on the cold side (which is the traditional way), rice that's steamed in the chicken broth so it's pretty yummy, sides of soup and two sauces. It's the perfect little meal.

We also had the satay, which you get a combo of different meats (beef, chicken, and pork). It was alright, but I probably wouldn't order it again next time.

The downside is it's cash-only. We didn't know when we got there, so the Mr. had to drive to an ATM while I held down the fort with two littles. It was all worth it in the end. We'll be back next time we are in town!"
"Awesome beef curry and satay. Best I have had in awhile. 
The hainanese chicken is on point. The clear broth on the side is great as well. All the chicken is deboned for easy eating, and they probably throw it in the soup which is why its so delicious.


It doesn't look like much, but its one of those classic hole-in-the-wall places thats been around for years. My dad's been a customer for over a decade and its arguably his favorite place around.
It's the spot I crave for when I come back in town."
"Though the menu was promising, it didn't turn out to be as good as i wanted it to be. The Laksa was more curry bee hoon, than Laksa. It was tasty for sure, but Laksa it was not - they should not advertise it as such. The Mee Goreng was decent. yummy when warm, and the hokkien fried noodles was almost like the real thing - except it was missing Sambal and a touch of lime. 

The barley drink was an OK attempt, but the type of barley used wasn't right (it had an odd aftertaste). I didn't try the chicken rice, which almost everyone in the shop was eating :)

It was a passable meal,but not something i would drive many miles to savor... i miss Orchid Delight :P"
It's so dingy and small here but SO good and tasty.  Family run business/hole in the wall but it's good, cheap, and satisfying.  Parking is a private lot.  I would definitely come back!  It's worth a lunch time visit!
Food and ambience reminds me of the hawker food courts from my travels in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore. Had a really excellent curry mee and roti to boot - the Malay curry flavor hits the spot and has the right spice notes. This is the real deal folks! No need for cocktail umbrellas, pineapples, or cheesy beach decor. Will be back to try the Hainanese chicken rice!
Hananese chicken is not as good as City1, but their rice here is much better.  This is also a bit cheaper.
"We had prata with chicken curry, mee goreng, and a special order of fried up little fish, that's not on the menu.

The prata was not so good, that's my main gripe, considering this is ""prata man"". May be prata woman would do a better job? I kid.

Other than that the curries were good, the mee goreng was good, the fish had a hair in it (no problem).

The service is nice and friendly."
"This place falls under ""I thought I reviewed this place ages ago.""

Yes their place/interior needs a facelift but their food is bang-on!
Hainen chicken - 5/5
Curry - 4.5 / 5
Bagudan (Sp?) soup - 5/5

Pro tip: call ahead to pre-order for pick-up"
My favorite dish is Hainanese chicken rice in this restaurant. The was very tasty! The texture of the chicken is soft and smooth! I'm highly recommend people, who are looking for the traditional dishes of Singapore/Malaysia, to go there!
Not much to add to the other high rated reviews! Went on New Years Eve and had an amazing meal: half chicken with oil rice, assorted satay and green onion prata bread. Hands down best hai nam chicken and rice we've ever had - yes better than Savoy! Can't wait to return!
"Not sure what the hype's about. A friend recommended me to try this place quite a while ago and I finally got to it. Quite disappointing actually. But if you're around the hood and want some cheap Malaysian/Singaporean food, why not. 

Our server was a nice friendly old lady. There's a few hiccups here and there but nontheless our food came in a timely manner and our glasses of tea were refilled. 

We ordered the Combo A for $21 tax included (Tues to Thur):

1. Hainanese chicken (with one bowl of rice)
2. Satay (6 skewers, your choice of beef, pork or chicken) we had two of each
3. 2 glass of barley tea (choice of hot or cold)
4. Laksa (we chose laksa but there a few options to choose from)

Side order (tax not included):
-Curry beef brisket with roti prata ($7.95)
-Green onion prata ($3.95)

To be honest, none of the dishes stood out to me. There's other places where I could find better of either. But with that being said, my top favourites were satay and hainanese chicken. The most disappointing dish of all were the roti and the green onion prata. Totally flat. Not flaky nor fluffy at all. Were almost burnt to crisp on one side. Sorry to say but I think I can make better. Barley tea tastes better cold. 

Portion is ok. With 21 bucks you can fill two persons so there's really no need to order the side dishes unless you really want to."
We heard rave reviews from so many people about this restaurant so we finally tried it via take out. The restaurant is small and kind of a hole in the wall and majority of customers are take out based. We ordered the whole hainanese chicken ($20), 12 skewers ($12.75) and a Mee Goreng. The skewers are sooooo tasty. 4 pork, 4 chicken, and 4 beef with fresh peanut sauce. I want to buy a jar of peanut sauce from them .... I could probably eat that as a dish itself!! The beef was ok but the pork and chicken were juicy and soft. The hainanese chicken was good, but my hubby liked it more than me. They give 2 sauces. The Mee Goreng was saucy and tasty. Definitely GREAT prices for the food. The menu is small, but that works for us because we tend to order the same thing anyways. This is definitely a must try.
Great food, generous portions, and props to the hainan chicken and curry beef. Prices are reasonable. No ambiance but hopefully this will keep the costs down.
"I've been here once before and forgot about it. Saw it on my list from yelp again and decided to refresh my memory. The menu here isn't too big and everything looks kinda similar. So either curry, noodles or Hainese chicken. We ordered a whole chicken with chicken rice, Prata Bread with beef curry, Satay (chicken, beef and pork) and Mee Goreng. They started us off with some chicken broth soup (there wasnt much fat floating on top which was much appreciated). 

Mee Goreng - consisted of pretty much ketchup, bean sprouts, beef? and spaghetti noodles?? Probably still my fav dish out of everything we ordered. Kind of oily but still tasty. Reminds me of Mac n cheese with ketchup LOL 

Whole Hainese chicken - not much to say about this one. Just cold chicken cut up and then served with some ginger & green onion in oil. 

Prata Bread - The bread is supposed to be roti but I'm not sure if it was cooked all the way through. it was really soggy inside and still doughy. When we dipped the roti into the curry it didn't really taste like much... The curry itself was really good though. The brisket were cooked to perfection. It would have been better with the chicken rice. 

Satay - Satays had good spices on them. The beef we did not enjoy too much but the pork and chicken were pretty good. I only like peanut sauce from Thai places so I feel I'm kinda biased about it. Seems there's a little kick to the sauce as well, a bit of spice. 

This was A LOT for 2 people. We were able to box up a decent amount and finished the Mee Goreng. Everything costs about $60 which is actually on pretty good. The whole chicken also comes with 5 bowls of rice so that we was pretty intense. The parking can be a bit daunting but overall this place is okay. I'd probably only come back for the Mee Goreng... We got the Lemon Coke as well which just tasted like regular coke LOL I don't know even know what I was expecting. 

All in all pretty decent. It's a very small place so it can get busy really quick."
"As I often do, this review is based on price vs quality.  Yes, that means this place is quite affordable. We went twice so far and $70 fed six of us. 

Seating capacity is 30 or so.  So it's tight.  Reservation is highly recommended.  The second time we went, we had wait over 20 minutes.  Unfortunately, it looked like one single lady got there just before us, and they seated her at the roundtable for six....by herself. Tough on us. 

Recommended dishes: 

Hainanese Chicken - the signature dish.  At $22 for whole plus 5 bowls of ""oil rice"" and soup, this is a deal.  (Take out is even better at $20!).  Chicken is deboned, except for the wings. So every bite is meat and skin only.  Best with the homemade ginger/green onion sauce.  Best to say you're having this as soon as possible because they do sell out.  You also have a choice or original, or free range for an extra charge. 

Curry beef - tender chunks of beef in decent size.  Can order with rice or prata bread (thin pancake), but we like it best with roti (for an extra $1.50). 

The rest are fine:  Satay, laksa, Singapore noodle, curry fish balls.  Though not the best in town, they all cost 10-20% less than other similar establishments. 

You can also try the iced milk tea and iced coffee.  For the price, they're fine.  They are served in plastic cups, so that's a minus.  The coffee is typical SE Asian style drip with condensed milk.  

Service depends on how you see it.  There's only one server each time, looking after the 8 tables, greeting incoming guests, taking phone orders, and cleaning tables.  If you have to wait, he'll tell you to write down your own name and number of guests. Our waiter was extremely hardworking to the point where he was breaking a sweat.  He knew we were waiting for a long time, and was apologetic."
"The place looks like the quintessential dive to north american sensibilities. But, if you can get over the outward appearances, you will find that Prata Man has authentic and quality Malaysian/Singapore style offerings at a very reasonable price.

The dining room is like a time warp back 30 years with its spindly dinner chairs and oak grain tables. The owners obviously have not put a lot of money in to the decor, as you can see kitchen supplies in full view, and the walls and doors look dirty and in need of a fresh coat of paint.

If you're looking for trendy and hip surroundings, this is not the place for you.  If you want well priced and good malaysian food, then this is the place.

Their Hainanese chicken and rice is probably the best I have had in the lower mainland.  Chicken curry, Laksa, Mee, and satay were all very good.  I've noticed many people get take out, can't blame them for that given the state of the dining area.

Cash only. Make sure you have some bills in your wallet. 

If you can get over the less than ideal appearances, you can have some good Malaysian food that won't break your pocket book.  You can always order takeout and avoid the dining room altogether."
"This small bistro located in Richmond offers authentic Singaporean, Malaysian cuisine ranging from Laksa, Prata, Hainanese Chicken, Laksa, Curry and many more.

Expect simple ambience but very attentive service. 

The food is decent and prices are reasonable."
"The take out deal for half a chicken and three bowls of rice for $15 is a great deal. 

Chicken is tender but must be rice or something that has WAY too much MSG. I have NEVER felt so thirsty after a meal and got a pounding headache from it. 

It's a shame cause the chicken is quite juicy and tender."
"The food? The skewers and the laksa and the curry are decently flavorful.  The sauces that they use for their dishes are not too salty or spicy (mostly either sweet or hearty), but overall, there is a lot of grease and oil that goes into their dishes.  The menu has standard variety.  You're getting Malaysian, but nothing over the top unique.  The price is reasonable for what you're getting.  There aren't a lot of purely Malaysian places in the area in comparison, so it is a solid choice if you're in RIchmond.

The atmosphere?  Not great.  The walls are almost dilapidated, and the facility is not the cleanest.  White walls with greasy wooden tables.  It hasn't been renovated or updated, and it could definitely use it.  

The service?  There are different experiences for take-out and dine-in.  With dine-in, the timing for their food is generally decent at around 10-15 minutes (less for their more common dishes).  With take-out, expect to wait much longer.  Either way, the food is of the same quality.  It's not amazing impressive, but still very good nonetheless.

Overall?  Order take-out, but be prepared to wait.  The food could be worth the wait until another reputable Malaysian restaurant opens up, but don't expect to have anything that changes your life."
"(My visit was back in Fall of 2011)

My review is based on food only.  I did not visit this place expecting nice decor and fine dining.  I am an out-of-town visitor who was recommended to visit this hole in the wall for some good hainan chicken and roti prata (bread).  And it sure didn't disappoint.  This was one of the most tender pieces of chicken I've ever had.  The meat is juicy and moist, and the chicken oil flavored rice is tasty as well.  I can't say the curry rendang was impressive, but this is by far the best hainan chicken I've had on the Pacific west coast (Vancouver, Seattle, SF Bay Area, and LA)."
"This is the best place for Hainan Chicken in Vancouver, hands down. Anyone that likes it will tell you that they have the technique and cooking broth straight from Singapore and Malaysia. The quality is fantastic and delicious. Hainan Chicken is the only thing that I have ever eaten here...maybe I should think about eating something else? Nope...as soon as I walk through the door there is only one thing on the menu that I want to eat.

The restaurant itself, however, reminds me of a low grade cafeteria. It is very lit up and has no ambiance whatsoever. Who cares! Eat, enjoy, and go!"
The business has been taken over by different owners in the past years.  The quantity and quality of food ingredient are poorly maintained from time to time.  Probably due to competitive restaurants nearby and the rise of food costs.  In order to keep up with good reputation they may consider a raise in prices in the menu.
It's a testament to the Vancouver food scene. You're food had better be good or else you don't make it. It's located pretty much in this middle of nowhere Richmond strip mall. The interior really is as basic as it gets. It's cash only. I've never bothered to eat in here, take out only. The half chicken hainanese chicken and rice doesn't disappoint. Easily one of the top 3 in greater Vancouver. At $15 it easily feeds 2 hungry people and possibly even 3. Always a good choice when you're feeling like hainanese chicken rice.
Love this place. For a full chicken and rice and soup to feed a family of 4 for 22.00. How can you go wrong. Rice is so flavorful and ginger soup is so good if you have a sore throat. They also have a beef curry and rice for 7.50. This place is good eats and great value. Roti is also so good.
"If you are looking for pretentious gourmet food in a classy cafe, you will be sorely disappointed - but if you want to know what it is like to eat home cooked Malaysian-style foods at affordable prices in the back of someone's kitchen - then you are in for a real treat! (^__^)

*Prata or Roti () Prata is an unleavened flat bread derived from the Indian/Punjabi/Bengali regions, well known from the Netherlands to South Africa, and from the West Indies to SE Asia, but I find it more similar to the Chinese/ Korean/ Japanese ""green onion pancake"" (/ /). At any rate it is a delicious side with anything you might order at Prata Man.

*Hainanese chicken ()  - a Chinese classic () with a Malaysian twist also popular in Thailand () , often considered the national dish of Singapore. Prata Man does an awesome version: if you eat in it is served cold along with acar (carrot and daikon pickles), sweet chilli and green onion/ ginger condiments; warm ""oiled"" rice and hot clear gingery-chicken broth. If you get take away, you miss out on the broth. For our family of four we devour a whole order easily, and often add satays or Rendang curry, prata Rendang and extra acar. When there is just two of us, we only order half but often share with it, especially if it is cold outside. In the summer heat we like to order two whole orders to take home and have with a cold vegetable and noodle salad. We have been eating this dish here for about ten years and have never had it boneless - so I think you might need to request that with your order if you prefer it that way, as many have told me they have had it that way here - or maybe it only makes a difference if you order in English instead of Cantonese?

*Beef, Chicken or Pork Satays;traditional SE Asian street food of marinated meat barbecued on skewers () and served with a crushed peanut sauce. Simple and tasty. We usually add 6-12 to our whole order of Hainanese chicken if there are 4-8 of us eating, but they take longer to prepare so we usually get them half-way through our meal, just in time to stop the young people from complaining they are still hungry.

*Rendang Beef Curry: may actually resemble Hong Kong-style Beef Curry () more than anything like the Indonesian dish that it is named after, but we enjoy it. It is a mild beef and potatoes curry with lots fo gravy. It is just enough for one person, or two if shared and accompanied with prata &/or rice.

*Mee Goreng: another Indonesian inspired dish cooked Malay-stye derived from Chinese chow mein (), with thick noodles stir-fried with tofu and pork (unlike in Malaysia). It is a big dish, just right for two with a bowl of soup, unless you are young and have a hollow leg, then it might be just enough for your lunch.

*Nasi Goreng: fried rice () Indonesian style. A great filler to have with soup, curry or the Hainanese chicken especially if you don't like the ""oiled"" rice or would like to have something different. We usually have it for ""brunch"" with soup.

* Laksa: a coconut-based curry noodle soup () that is uniquely SE Asian. The Prata Man version has vegetables, tofu puffs, and seafood. This is great for lunch and suitable for one, or to share with some other side dishes. Perfect for a cold, wet, blustery, winter day.

*Barley tea: Served cold or hot. This is quite nice hot in the winter, and a nice change from the jasmin or green teas we usually have with Asian food when we eat out. The cold version is quite sweet but we enjoy it in the summer as a nice balance with the spicy and salty foods we usually eat.

I think they cater to the tastes of the Hong Kong Chinese who make up the majority of their client base and who generally do not eat ""in"" the restaurant. So they may not necessarily be ""authentic"" Singaporean cuisine, but it is very popular in Richmond and very inexpensive.

There is usually enough free parking, but you need to go prepared to pay cash for your order, whether you eat in or take out.

***Very busy in the evenings and on weekends - but they have a great combo deals for lunch during the week - a great opportunity to bring a friend and try something new ***"
"Solid food, great prices.  

I was never a fan of haianese chicken.  I always felt it was too dry and I never liked all the bone shards.  Just wasn't my cup of tea. 

When my customer suggested we go have some haianese chicken at Prata-man, I was skeptical needless-to-say.  But as the old adage goes, the customer is always right so I reluctantly agreed.  

Boy, am I glad I did.  This was by far the best I've ever had.  It was tender and flavorful.  Even the chicken rice was delicious.  The sauces were amazing.  

Quoting the most interesting man in the world, I don't eat haianese chicken often, but when I do, it's at Prata-man."
Hainanese chicken is delicious here! Beef curry is also tasty. Ambiance is about as nice as a janitor's closet, but that does not matter because the food is superb. Bakuteh was a little weird though, to be honest.
A casual hainanese chickenerie in a modest strip mall in Richmond. The longstanding establishment that is been around longer than me serves assorted Singaporean favourites at cheap and cheerful prices.
Popped in for lunch and impressed enough that we want to come back some time for dinner. First impressions are good with the nice design of the space - and it only gets better from there. Service was prompt and friendly. We had a few small plates to start and then each got a salad - everything was nicely presented, super tasty and seemed to be very fresh ingredients. Looking forward to coming back to try more.
"Came here for date night, and oh dear it was amazing. We made a reservation so we didn't have to wait for a table. The interior was beautifully decorated. We ordered the red duck curry and the soft shell crab curry. Both were absolutely delightful. The red duck curry was so flavorful, it was probably one of the best curry broths I've ever had. I loved it so much that we asked for a container to take home the little bit of leftover broth to savor later. The soft shell crab, however, somehow beat out the amazing red curry broth to be the highlight of our meal. The crab was cooked to flavorful perfection, and it worked really well with the yellow curry broth in which it was cooked. I couldn't get enough.

I would absolutely love to visit again, just to get another taste of that crab!"
Came to try the singapore street food menu in November. Got laksa and char kway teow. Laksa was completely tasteless, not even coconut flavors. Was very very disappointed.  The instant laksa I get at the supermarket tastes better than this. The char kway teow was good though, I liked it a lot and there was crab in it also. Service was good.
Haven't had food this good since going to southern Thailand. I would highly recommend the snapper dumplings, the pork belly and the scallops! The lamb chop and fish curry for main courses are also amazing. This place is more upscale than its precedents and is a great place for a family celebration or a date. Definitely going to recommend this place to my friends for its authenticity service and quality cuisine.
Tried this place last night with my parents and I was very impressed.  The setting is nice, they seated us right on time (we made an open table reservation).  Our server (I think her name is Bil) was outstanding.  Pleasant, informative, helpful (even helped us to de-bone our whole fish).  The food was excellent and unique.  We ordered the scallop appetizer and that was our favorite bite of the night.  Just perfect.  The salads are great.  We loved the salad with Duck.  A fresh combination of flavors and textures.  The Beef Rendang was an rich curry stew with hints of cinnamon and coconut.  Delicious.  We also got the Ache chicken which was good, but not as unique.  The whole fish with 3 spices was delicious, but we did have to deal with a couple of small bones (but it was worth it).  Finally we tried the black sticky rice with mango sorbet, which was tasty, more like a rice pudding than the sticky rice I was imagining.  The banana cake with coconut ice cream was 5-star!  We will certainly be back.  The owner, chef and servers seem to care about the experience and it shows.
"YESSS. My husband made a reservation for a Friday night and was so excited for the  menu. Thankfully he wasn't disappointed and either was I. The service was excellent and the atmosphere was cozy. 

We ended up splitting a few dishes and the standouts for the night were:
-Chicken betel leaf. They were the perfect sized bite. 
-the pork belly. Perfect for sharing with a few people.
-Pork hock. Delicious, savory and a great portion size.
-Roti cani. Fluffy and melts in your mouth. 

Throughout the meal the staff came around and asked if we wanted more rice. It was a nice touch.

I can't wait to come back!"
Scallop and crispy pork belly appetizers were the best! The scallops were so incredibly flavorful (I'm normally not a fan of scallops), and the pork belly was the best and softest one I've ever had. Seriously. The entrees were good but not as good as the appetizers -- I think the next time I come here, I really would just eat a bunch of appetizers because they were so tasty and delicious. The beef chili entree was good but nothing special about it. The fried whole fish was great too, but I enjoyed the sauce more; the sauce was definitely necessary to make the (rather bland) fish more enjoyable. We had Thai caramel ice cream for dessert, and it was amazing! Light and sweet but also rich and creamy. Excellent balance all around. I also tried Vietnamese coffee, and it was marvelous, rich and sweet; it was slightly sweeter and richer compared to Thai coffee.
Fantastic restaurant! The menu is a bit overwhelming, but the waiter did a great job recommending a few options. Everything we ordered ended up being delicious and packed with a ton of flavor. The scallops, steam snapper dumplings, crispy whole fish and the red curry duck were our faves. Want to come back and try more dishes next time!
"This place is fantastic!  I'm not a fan of giving 5 star reviews, because I grade on a curve and live in Vegas, but Chalawan certainly deserves the full 5 sonim giving it to them.

At the recommendation of the owner? manager? I had the lamb shank curry.  The lamb fell off the bone and was tender enough to cut with a fork.  The scallop appetizer is also a treat, if you like seafood. Be sure to eat it in one bite if you can, to let the flavors mingle.  

The restaurant is clean, warm, and inviting. The food is delicious. And, the staff is very friendly. What more can you ask for in a restaurant? 

I'm only in Cambridge 2-4 times/year, but I'll be sure to head back here next time I'm in town."
"Very good food and liked everything we ordered
Recommend to share to get a bunch of different dishes. 

Yummy:
snapper dumping - not typical which makes it good 
Scallop in a spoon - good 
soft shell crabs - who doesn't like this?? 
Pork belly - thick cut and nicely fried
Randan beef cheek was great. Thick and savory sauce

Enjoyed eating the roti instead of rice 
Drinks were unique

Staff is friendly and welcoming. 

Tip: get a reservation. This place is hot and popular"
"We went to Chalawan about a month ago during their soft opening, and absolutely loved it! The ambience is incredibly nice; would be a good option for a celebratory dinner or date. Our server was very attentive and would constantly check in on us and ask whether we wanted more rice or water.

We tried the scallop starter and they recommended to eat it all in one bite -- one of the loveliest single bites of food I've had in awhile. The texture of the scallop, light ginger and scallion broth flavor, and crispy topping went together perfectly.

For the rest of the meal, we had the duck curry and fish curry. The fish curry was relatively light and had a nice lemongrass flavor, but the true hero was the duck curry. We especially liked the addition of lychee and how its sweetness paired with the spiciness and acidity of the curry sauce.

We finished with their sticky rice and mango ice cream dessert - delicious also! Overall with the soft opening discount, it was a relatively cheap meal considering the quality of the food (especially for Boston) But will definitely be back and willing to pay full price!"
A superb addition to the neighborhood.  The food (kudos to the fish dumplings and expertly fried calamari and soft shell crab) was delicious, spicy and inventive.  Not a big tofu fan, but the tofu green bean salad exceeded my expectations. The noise level was perfect, the staff gracious and accommodating.  I hope this place will stick around. I plan to make it my neighborhood joint and am glad I won't have to schlepp to Penang for this kind of food.
"Came here on NYE for dinner. I was a fan of Pho House so I was really excited to see the re-design and new menu. This place is really nice and cozy! Much more modern design and menu. loved it.

Seared Alaska scallop: sweeter than expected but I liked the flavor of this

Crispy pork belly: the sauce is really tasty and the pickled sauce on the side is a nice compliment. the pork pieces seemed a bit fatty though so while I recommend this, it was a bit heavy

Aunty Wang steam snapper dumpling: absolutely get this. fish in a dumpling...yes! I liked this alot.

Red curry of duck: delicious and just right. wish there would have been a bit more duck in the curry, but definitely recommend this dish

If you are looking for good thai food and a nice modern scene, check this place out!"
The service here is AMAZING. My water was never empty and the waiters are very friendly and kind. I highly recommend their Thai tea and the scallop appetizer! We also ordered their fish curry which was had a very nice kick of flavor! The roti was very soft and buttery. The manager (I think) came over and was very kind. Such an amazing place!!!
"I tried this place for dinner around a month ago and yep, the ""Yay! I'm a fan."" that defines the 4 stars sounds about right.  I would call this place an upscale Thai fusion restaurant.  I could tell that the ingredients were high quality and the flavors were reminiscent of what we ate in Thailand (though yes, Chalawan serves fusion food). 

We started with some seared scallops and a salad, then had a curry and a whole fish for the entree, and shared a pudding for dessert.  I think my favorite was the salad - a salmon skin and watermelon with the perfect drizzle of dressing.  It was unexpected but it worked!  The letdown was the scallops - maybe it's because I don't like cilantro, but even my fiance who likes the herb said that the topping/sauce overwhelmed the sweetness of the scallop - what a shame. 

I don't know what it's like on the weekdays, but make a reservation if you're planning to be here on a weekend!  The place isn't big and we still had to wait about 20 minutes even though we had a reservation (the restaurant gave us complimentary wine while we waited, so no big deal). 

I think Chalawan is doing fusion right - not trying to be ""authentic"" Thai and using good ingredients, but in combinations that wouldn't normally be found in the native country. 

instagram.com/letseatwithannie"
This is probably the most upscale Thai restaurant I've been to in Boston/Cambridge. Food quality and presentation were good. Attentive waitstaff. Gets busy on Friday nights and there isn't a bar or waiting area so definitely make reservations. Crispy chicken skin appetizer, Singapore chili beef, crispy whole fish, and red curry duck were all delightful.
We had the snapper dumplings, the calamari, and scallops for appetizers. For dinner we had the duck ready curry, the lamb stew, and the salmon and watermelon salad. The dumpling were our favorite appetizer, big pieces of fresh perfectly cooked snapper inside and it came with a tangy black vinegar sauce that I'm complimented it perfectly. I don't normally enjoy duck or lamb but they were cooked perfectly, super tender and melt in your mouth. Everything overall was excellent in flavor and creativity. Wait staff was very attentive, someone comes over and scoops as much white rice into your place as you want whenever you're running low. The owner came to our table twice to make sure we were enjoying our meal.
I was so impressed by this place!! We came with 6 people total for a birthday lunch recently, and every single one of us loved the food. 3 of us were vegetarians, so we ordered half the vegetarian menu, and it was phenomenal. The black pepper tofu was a standout, and the vegetable curry was reliably delicious. We ended up sampling a ton of desserts too - I feel Asian desserts may not be my thing, but the asian banana cake was addictive (even though I knew it was too sweet and heavy and I would regret it!). I definitely plan on being back.
"My minimum standard for restaurant food is that it must exceed what I, as a good home cook, can make. Chalawan was a revelation! Each unique dish, made by the Thai chef, had complex flavors and textures. The service is highly professional and doesn't miss a beat. The simple but sophisticated decor was complemented by jazz music. The bill for two, including one wine and a dessert, came to $117, a good price for a very sophisticated meal.

My husband and I arrived for a 5:00 PM Sunday reservation and were among the first people there. By 6:30 most of the tables were full. We were presented a regular menu, a wine menu, and when we requested it, a vegetarian menu. 

For appetizers, my husband enjoyed the seared Alaska scallop, and the Aunty Wang steam snapper dumpling presented 4 dumplings that were soft and juicy.  The Balinese Gado-Gado salad was al dente, green vegetables in peanut sauce. Before our main dishes, a waiter scooped our choice of white or brown rice onto our plates. When the crispy whole fish arrived, the head waiter used a knife and spoon to separate the tail, head, and bones of the red snapper, leaving flesh and fried coating in a luscious sauce. The stir fry Szechuan eggplant was in a rich sauce. 

Dessert was over the top: a warm, moist, rich, slightly spicy banana cake topped with star anise and whole cinnamon, and a side of vanilla ice cream. The coffee was unlike any I've ever had. Each cup had an individual drip, and we waited until the water passed through. At the bottom of the coffee cups was a surprise, a thin layer of caramelized cream. Stirred into the coffee, it was sweet and rich.

Make reservations well ahead of time!"
What an excellent meal. We had the scallops appetizer (one each) and then shared the whole fried fish and beef cheek rendang.  The scallops were really good, with complex flavors similar to Vietnamese nuoc mam.  The fish was amazing - crispy, salty, subtly spicy, slightly sweet and a little sour with the pineapple. And the manager came over and cut the fish table side for us, separating the flesh from the bones. The beef rendang was super soft - you could cut it with a spoon. The sauce for the rendang was creamy and mole-like with nice cinnamon aroma. We'll be back, because we now have to try every single thing on their menu.
"Mind blowing food! 

From the betel leaves chicken to the soft shell crab, every dish ordered was amazing!"
Meh. I heard great things but was underwhelmed. The food was not particularly interesting or spicy. I ordered two entrees just in case the first had been a mistake. Both were rather bland for an authentic southeast Asian restaurant.
Prepubescent Buddhist princesses do not lie, there's an abundance of fucking delicious food here. Crispy chicken skin, scallop spoon sweets, and the duck red curry that will make you cry are all waiting for you under the banyan tree. Five stars.
"After hearing so many great things about Chalawan, I finally decided to give it a try. The apps were ok, the entrees were amazing, and dessert was terrible.

Standout appetizers was the pork belly and chicken skins. Both were just super tasty and seasoned well. The dumplings was bland and the scallops was too gingery.

All the entrees were a knockout with the braised ribs being the clear standout. But the other entrees along with their respective Curry's were also good. What each entree had in common was just how flavorful and distinct they were. Each dish was cooked well and the ribs especially fell off the bone.

Finally, dessert was just bad and boring across the bad. The caramel pudding had barely any flavor and there was whole chunks of star anise tossed inside for my purpose. The texture was also very off. Crème brûlée was basic as hell and the black rice was just meh. You're betting off getting their ice creams than the actual desserts."
A good friend introduced me to this amazing restaurant and while I've now (so far) only been there once I can nothing but give 5 stars: excellent food, great service, owner personally greeting and thanking you, authentic.
We were excited to try this place. We came for lunch. I appreciate that there's a kids menu since most Asian places don't offer one. We ordered the chicken fried rice from the kids menu. To our disappointment, it came out with a lot of black pepper, making it quite spicy for my daughter who's 4. We got the pork belly which was okay and the fish dumplings which were very fishy. The entree highlight was the duck curry. The whole red snapper was over fried egg also very fishy. I order seafood and especially fish wherever I go so I was disappointed how fishy both seafood dishes were. It is expensive for what it was. We would go back for the duck curry.
Such a luxury to finally have a restaurant doing upscale Southeast Asian food well. I'm usually skeptical of anywhere that focuses on more than one region but whether it's an Indonesian Beef Check Rendang, a Thai Duck Curry, or a Thailand-meets-New England scallop and Chili amuse, all the flavors are spot on.  Look forward to continue exploring the menu on future visits.
"Came here on a Saturday night with one other person. Didn't have a reservation, so I put my name down on a wait list and was seated about 30 minutes later. There's really no place to wait, so we went to a bar and then came back. I am sure glad we did. 

Restaurant smells delicious when you enter. We had the scallop appetizer (extremely flavorful- I am not normally a big fan of scallops, but this was done right, not too chewy). I had the whole fried fish and my friend had the chicken curry. Fish was a large piece of snapper, and server helped take it off the bone. 

Everything was delicious, service was excellent. I can't wait to bring my family here; they will love it."
Nicely renovated restaurant with mix Asian cuisine.  The small bites of scallops and the salad with duck were amazing!
"Chalawan is a new addition to the porter square foodie scene. I'd consider it a fusion of Thai origins and other South East Asian cuisines. The food, service, and decor are all on point!

Food:
Appetizers
The seared alaskan scallops was an explosion of flavors in my mouth. I highly recommend it! The scallop was huge too and well worth the $4.

The crispy pork belly was also phenomenal. Each chunk of pork had a good amount of meat on it and just the right amount of fat, surrounded by a delightful crunch. Make sure to use the accompanying sauce. 

Main Dishes
The crispy whole fish was good if you're used to eating a full fish, but kind of troublesome to eat because of all the bones you have to pick out.

I've tried the red duck curry twice already and it's been my favorite. The duck is tender and the curry has a nice kick to it with subtle amounts of sweetness from the lychee. 

The charge for rice is per person and they'll come around with a large bowl of rice to refill you. You are basically paying for bottomless rice.

All in all, I'd definitely come here again and it's a good spot to bring a date because of the ambience!"
We were excited to try Chalawan given all of the great reviews and feature on Eater. Maybe that was part of the problem; the hype didn't live up to the reality. We tried the whole fish with three sauces and Yunnan chicken. Both were good yet nothing we haven't been able to find better elsewhere. The fact that there are so many different countries represented in the menu was also confusing in terms of ordering. I personally would prefer a restaurant that specializes in one country/region and does that really well. The staff care a lot and the service was good. Others may like the restaurant yet I wouldn't go out of my way to return.
"Delicious!
Great space,  every dish we got was amazing.  The curry,  the scallops... I'd recommend making a reservation on the weekend."
"Reservation was full, I did walk in and wait around 40 minutes. 

Food was delicious but the portion of the main dish does not worth the price. The seared Alaska scallop was yummy and strong taste of scallion in the end with ginger. Raw oyster which I am not a fan of raw oyster but the sauce cover up the slimy raw oyster which make me enjoyed to eat it. Crispy pork belly which the sauce taste like the Chinese sweet and sour sauce but much thicker since it added the tamaraillo sauce, the pork belly is soft and tender. Red curry duck which was alittle spicy which I enjoyed. Stir fry soft crab definitely does not worth the price since it only give you two crab. Finally for dessert, Thai tea custard with vanilla almond ice cream and creme brulee with vanilla almond ice cream which was not sweet especially the ice cream but the carmelized sugar on the creme brulee was thick, the thai tea custard is similar to flan but tea flavor.

Take out, I ordered the crispy pork hock which was tender and juicy. The taste itself was bland, it is better to dip with sauce.

Service which was kind of slow but the food come out fast."
This is a really nice restaurant. The decor is lovely and the wall mural is beautiful. The servers and the host are very attentive and super nice. We had calamari and pork belly for starters. Loved the calamari. For the main course we had the lamb shank and the whole fish. The whole fish has a nice kick to eat and it was delicious.  The host actually deboned the fish for us which was really nice. The lamb shank was also really good. For dessert we had the banana cake with caramelized ice cream and thai tea flan. Delicious!!!  We will definitely come back here again for dinner.
Excellent food! Great new addition to the Boston international food scene. We got the red curry duck, Singapore chili tofu, roti canai, and tofu beetle leaf. Everything was on point! The flavor was distinguishing for each dish and the red curry was especially delightful. I've had thai food often, but the red curry here was next level. We ended with the thai tea custard and salted caramel ice cream- unique and delicious! The ambience is pleasant with a beautiful mural in the backdrop. The servers are polite and attentive and especially the manager was very accommodating in seating us without reservations. Go check it out- worth a trip to Cambridge.
AMAZING. If you want authentic Asian cuisine and and amazing atmosphere... come here! The food is delectable and the fresh juice is a unique find. I would come here any day of the week. Love this place!
So unique and delicious! Exactly what Boston needs! The owners, chef, and the servers are so friendly! They truly care about the experience customers are having and the wall art is absolutely lovely! The chef has 20+ years of experience and an expert at combining flavors. Highly recommend!
"My boyfriend and I been wanting to try this place out for a while, but we were unable to reserve a table last minute. This time we decided to reserve a table a week ahead of time. The restaurant is located on the main street, around 5 minutes away from Porter Square station. We arrived an hour earlier than the time we selected in the reservation, but they were able to find us a table and seat us immediately. The interior of the restaurant was beautiful and I really loved the wall mural. The atmosphere felt very intimate from the dim lighting. The waiter & waitresses was very welcoming and friendly. They explained that the style of the food in the restaurant is meant for sharing with each other. 

We decided to get 3 appetizer and 2 main entrees. For appetizers, we got the Chicken Betel Leaf, Crispy Pork Belly and the Seared Alaska Scallop. Out of all of the appetizers, the Seared Alaska Scallop and the Chicken Betel Leaf was definitely my favorite. The Chicken Betel Leaf was packed a punch of flavors. Meanwhile the Seared Alaska Scallop was cooked to perfection and it was glistening and flavorful. For main entrees, we got the Singapore Chili Beef and the Red Curry of Duck. The beef was very tender and can be easily split apart with just the fork. The curry was packed with flavors and the sauce had a creamy coconut taste, which I loved. We also got a Cucumber Squash and Chalawan Lemon Iced Tea for drinks. We ended the night with a Thai Tea Caramel Custard w/ Salted Caramel Ice Cream. The custard was especially creamy and the ice cream was pleasant on the palate because it wasn't overly sweet, considering that it's caramel ice cream as well. 

Overall, I loved the experience, food and the service there and definitely would come back again (especially to try the other dishes and more chicken betel leaf and scallops). Highly recommend to check this place out."
"I just went for the first time tonight for a friend's birthday and Chalawan was a total delight. All 6 of us enjoyed the food - from appetizers (we loved the calamari - so light and moist, not at all greasy) and salads (yummy prawn salad) to the main entrées (vegetarian eggplant and tofu dishes, the duck curry, black pepper chicken, and more!). We all agreed that the brown rice, while simple, had something about it that was so delicious. The whole staff also surprised us with a complimentary dessert sampling platter for the table to share! How sweet. 

Prices were very fair for the quality and volume of food - about $30 per person, eating family-style with plenty of food and a bottle of red. 

I rarely write Yelp reviews - Chalawan is really worth it. Everyone who came tonight wants to go back."
"Decided on Chalawan for lunch today since the line for an unnamed noodle shop in Lesley University mall was far too long. In the end I'm glad we decided to come here! There was no wait around 1pm. The restaurant is full of natural light and the decorations are cute. 

We ordered the scallop spoon and dumplings as appetizers, the red duck curry as our entree, and roti cani and brocolinni with oyster sauce for sides. Overall everything has wonderful flavors. Our favorite was the red duck curry, it was spicy but perfect. We dipped the roti cani in the curry to soak up all the goodness. We didn't order dessert but I would love to try the sticky rice dessert. 

We will definitely be back to try more of the menu or even just to have a taste of the red curry duck again. The menu items are a little pricer than your average Thai restaurant but the service was great and food was delicious."
"My husband came across this restaurant while we were searching for a Saturday night place to eat....he suggested we should try this place because they have such great reviews on Yelp and other apps...I agreed, he booked us a table and I started to search and read more about this place before we headed there.

Amazing!!!....is the one word that came to my mind once we visited this restaurant!! 

The ambiance is amazing.....very clean, great lighting, good decor and nice music.

The food (literally every dish we ordered) is amazing....the taste of every dish is perfect. They have a good variety of south east asian food. The presentation and taste of the food reflect the attention to details. 
......We think the must order dishes are: Chicken betel leaf with smoked nahm prig jeaw shallot lemongrass lime leaf chili and fried shallot (appetizer), Thai crispy chicken skin with Esarn spice mix cilantro and eggplant relish (appetizer), Red curry of duck with lychee apple eggplant okra limeleaf cherry tomato and Thai basil (main dish) and Thai tea caramel custard with salted caramel ice cream (dessert)

The server is amazing...from the host to the servers, they are very friendly and nice. They took great care of every table, including ours

To sum up....we highly recommend everyone to visit this place. You will have an amazing experience!!.....we also recommend you to book a table ahead of time because this place is very busy! 

Note: Parking wise, we got lucky so we parked on the street in front of the restaurant :)"
"Honestly I was very excited to try this place and came with 5 other friends. Left with slight disappointment as I found most of the dishes to be mediocre and pricy.
We ordered 8 dishes and I would say only 2 dish really stood out.

The great: 

Seared Alaskan scallop: probably my favourite dish, very great mix of flavour and the scallop was very tender and big.

The duck curry: good flavour, has a great sweet twist. The duck was well cooked and adds an interesting kick to the curry.

*the only downside is that none of the curry came with rice so you would have to pay extra for either rice or roti. 

The ok:

Pork belly ( appetizer): thought it was not bad but nothing mind blowing.

Eggplant: ok flavour, but why does it cost $15? For an extremely small portion of JUST eggplants ( look at the picture and you'll see it being the same size as the Roti)

Chill beef: stir fry beef cubes with a very limited amount of veggies. Beef was well cooked but personally it didn't stand out either.

The not so great:

Lamb shank curry: I love lamb and am usually very tolerate of the lamb flavour. However, the lamb flavour in this curry was way too strong and overpowers the curry flavour. The dish itself is also quite small. Honestly this dish was so disappointing that I forgot to take a picture.

Soft shell crab: A waste of money - The crab was very soggy with 0 flavour. The curry itself was just watery. 

The ribs: was just regular braised ribs with extremely watery sauce. Very mediocre and is comparable to the ones from Chinatown- again, not worth the price.


I will give them credits for their drinks: their drinks are well made, unique, and definitely worth trying.

I would 100% recommend the scallop and the duck curry for anyone interested in trying this restaurant."
Honestly, my boyfriend and I are in awe of the food we had yesterday! We started off with the fish dumplings, scallops and the pork belly. Every single appetizers had a mixture of flavors and were distinct from each other. For our mains, we had the lamb shank and the red curry. The red curry was sweet and spicy quite different from the lam shank. For dessert we had the Vietnamese coffee paired with the Thai custard. My boyfriend is not a fan of coffee but he just loved the mild sweetness of it. Overall would return back to this place due to its service, ambience and food! Hands down one of the best restaurants I've been to in Boston
"When you ask the waitress how spicy a dish is and she says ""well to me it's not that spicy"", that's a good sign in a Southeast Asian place. Chalawan is perhaps the only Southeast Asian place in the Boston/Cambridge area that has an upscale, date-night feel with a variety of strong, beautiful flavors that does not shy away from the origins of their dishes. 

I would recommend making a reservation as the space is not huge. I ended up giving them a call to get my reservation because the online platform said they were fully booked. Overall, the service was very friendly and attentive, in a more dimly lit atmosphere for dinner, hence a nice-occasion feel. The rice is ordered ""per person"" and a waiter comes around with rice in the same fashion as one might expect with water, to fill up when they see you're running low. 

We ordered the scallops, chili beef, and red curry of duck. I like that the flavors were unique but did not feel hapharzardly combined. If you are wary of spice level, I would let the waiter know, as I get the feeling there is pride in spiciness here. There were many other options with intriguing combos that I want to try, so I'll definitely be back."
Great food, very friendly staff, secret veggie friendly menu. We had the Szechuan eggplant and soft shell crab curry and both were amazing. Lots of different flavors and textures and the flavors had real depth. Will definitely be coming back in the future!
"You want to eat here!!!! We went here with a group of friends during their soft open and were blown away. We started with scallops and dumplings, then we ordered the red duck curry, pepper chicken, chili beef and lamb shank. Everything we had was excellent - you definitely need to order the scallops! 

There was a great diversity of flavors across each dish and everything had a great depth of spice/flavor. The service and ambiance were also both wonderful. I'd say this is one of my new favorite restaurants in Boston."
"Three of us dined at Chalawan Thai Restaurant this past Saturday evening. Their Thai cuisine is most unique, unlike most Thai restaurants in the area. Our food was delicious! Stand-outs for our appetizers were the fish dumpling and a scrumptious duck salad with watercress. Our entrees included a whole fried snapper with three different sauces (which were hard to distinguish when eating), a cubed beef entree with a delicious dark sauce, and a red curry duck dish, which was wonderful if you don't mind a bit of spiciness!  

The new owner created a lovely & welcoming ambience when they did recent renovation. The staff was most attentive, courteous, and patiently explained the menu to us (& to all the diners). Looking forward to returning soon with our out-of-town guests from France to try more of their culinary delights!  Much success to Chalawan on this neighborhood gem from us visitors who traveled to you from the 'burbs!"
This was first visit to Chalwan. We were drawn to the restaurant because the Web site indicated that they featured dishes representing many regions of Thailand.  However, the restaurant menu, does not categorize the food in this way and the entree descriptions were rather sparse. We started with Aunty Wang's Steamed Snapper Dumpling.  It was served luke-warm, and the dumpling skin was flaccid, an obvious indicated that it was prepared ahead of time and reheated.  We ordered the Prawns in Tamarind sauce. The prawns we not shelled and we were not given a knife to shell them with; we resorted to using our hands which quickly became a messy goo.  The prawns themselves were overcooked and stringy. Not a recommended dish.  We fared better with the Duck in Red Curry. The boneless duck pieces were nicely cooked and tender, not overdone. The curry was a bit spicy and included baby eggplant, lychee, apples, and string beans. This was imaginatively prepared and one of the better curries I've had outside of Thailand.  We also ordered a side stir-fried Asian vegetables. While this was mostly very good, it was tainted by a cloud-ear mushroom that had been re-hydrated and improperly stored, resulting in an extremely sour, unpleasant taste.  All in all, I would say this restaurant is a work in progress. The Duck Red Curry shows it has promise and some of the other entrees beg to be tried.  I believe that this unique restaurant has great potential and and the manager and servers, who were very hospitable to us, only need pay more attention to the ingredients and the preparation.  We are looking forward to visiting again and reporting back in these spaces!
"This is a wonderful Southeast Asian Fusion restaurant. It has dishes from mainly Thailand, but also some from India, Singapore, Malaysia, and Southeast China. Spent ~$35 with tip and tax per person. 

We tried fish dumplings (Chinese), crispy whole fish 3 flavors sauce (Thai), and red curry with duck (Thai), and all were very authentic and delicious. The Thai jasmine rice was also cooked to perfect. It was $2 per person, and a waiter would walk around with a large bowl of rice for you to add when you need more.

They also had a nice selection of non-alcohol drinks. I ordered coco coco, which was coconut milk + coconut candy + ice cream, a very pleasant combination.

They were fully booked on Saturday night, so reservation is suggested."
"I had the pleasure of dining at Chalawan about a week or so ago. We were greeted at the front by someone I assumed to be the manager. We had a 7:30 reservation for two, arrived at 7:40, and since our table wouldn't be ready for a few more minutes, we immediately got a glass of wine each on the house. 

We sat down and were greeted by Cap, our super friendly and helpful server. He helped us navigate the menu with recommendations and details. Plus he was funny and attentive. 

We ordered a scallop each (actually probably the best scallops I have ever had) because you can get them for $4 a piece (honestly, seems like a great deal to me!). Cap recommended we eat it all in one bite. It was a great recommendation I just wished we'd had the opportunity to savor it for longer. Truly, it's amazing. 

We also ate the fried calamari as well as the gado gado salad as starters and then split the Szechuan eggplant stir fry. My only complaint was that there were too many pieces of actual Szechuan peppercorns and they are a bit intense. That said, it was easy to leave them on the side. Otherwise, the eggplant was honestly the best... soft and almost buttery. Delicious! 

We almost ordered dessert but decided to end on another scallop each... don't regret it for a second. 

Will definitely be returning! Thank you Chalawan and Cap :)"
Everything we had was delicious! We enjoyed the scallops, crispy pork belly, chicken betel leaf, and snapper dumplings for apps which were all very tasty. But I could write an ode to the crispy whole fish main. Get it with a side of roti canai and it's  literally the best bite I had all year. If you enjoy southeast Asian cuisine, you should eat here. Also service was impeccable.
Great food and service! The red duck curry was amazing. Our group had a bunch of different dishes to share, everything was great.
We had a really fantastic dinner at this new upscale Thai/Asian fusian restaurant near Porter Square. It's a little on the pricier side for what you normally see at Thai restaurants (I'd say ~$40 per person at the end of the meal), but the food, service and ambiance were absolutely worth it. The restaurant is in an elegant and cozy space, and the service was quite warm and attentive. Pretty much everything that we had here was really delicious, pairing really bright and exciting flavor combinations with very nicely cooked meat and fish. They seem to expect you to share, which I would definitely recommend so that you can try a variety of dishes. In particular, we thought that the scallop appetizer was out of this world (cannot recommend highly enough), and also really enjoyed the duck curry, the beef tenderloin and the crispy fish. We will definitely be back to try more things!
"Fish dumplings are like arancini: you keep thinking they're going to be great but they keep coming up boring. It's depressing. You get sad about it. You keep trying anyway because you're an idiot but also because come on, why can't these be good? 

Here are the fish dumplings of your dreams, up in this new Porter Square joint serving very on-trend upscale Thai. We also had a duck curry with lychee and okra - okra! - that was outrageous. The gado-gado salad is delicious but difficult to look sexy while eating. Looks like they've only got a beer & wine license. No arancini as yet."
"Chalawan is truly an asian fusion location that merges so many different cuisines: Thai, Indonesian, Singaporean together and it was pretty good when we dined here the past week. It's basically elevated, fancier versions of the food that you would find in South East Asia. We started off with the scallop appetizer as it was recommended to us, (basically scallop in a ginger scallion shallot and caramelize crispy duck sauce) that you're supposed to eat like a shot and comes on a spoon. I ordered from their street food of Southeast Asia menu (which is separate from their normal menu) and ordered their nasi lemak. My friend ordered the Singapore chili beef from their standard menu. 

I honestly wish their street food menu was a more constant thing on their menu because the nasi lemak blew the Singapore beef out of the water. It actually tasted so authentic, like the actual stuff I had at the hawker stalls in Kuala Lumpur and so sad this menu is limited because I would be a regular if they had this on their menu as a normal item. One complaint about this dish though is that dish came with an ENORMOUS head of leafy greens and both me and by friend got it stuck in our throats and can honestly be a choking hazard...

I wasn't a huge fan of what they had to offer on their normal menu as it felt a bit too fancy/elevated for me, especially for southeast asian food. A lot of it was curry based or stir-fries with really heavy meats, but I think (especially as someone who has lived in S.E. Asia for a bit) they were missing the staple noodle dishes, which I feel like they could have easily added on here. 

I wouldn't call a lot of the food they serve here ""authentic"" - the flavors are there but by no means is it going to be the same flavor palette or recipes that you get in south east Asia. Like I said, this is a fancier version of SE asian food, which can be a bit weird (in my opinion) because a lot of these foods abroad are dirt cheap and still delicious - the food is supposed to be simple with strong kicks of spice, but I felt at times the food here was trying a bit too to be fancy that it took away from the actual basis of what the restaurant stands for - the simple flavors of SE Asia. (but anyways... rant over). Good place if you want a more complex flavor palette, would not recommend for someone who isn't familiar with the fishy flavors that come with asian food :) but good for someone who is seasoned in asian cuisine. 

This restaurant got SUPER busy after 6pm, there was a massive line of people waiting to dine and since it's covid, there's only outdoor patio dining available. They do a good job at spacing the tables, there are heaters outside in case you get cold, and all utensils come in plastic baggies for you. A solid spot in Cambridge and one of the better restaurants in the area across the river. PLEASE keep the street food menu permanently - it's sooooo good and so many good options, compared to the regular menu!"
Wonderful new Thai/Asian spot near Porter Square. Everything I had was wonderful. I dropped in on a whim alone. Can't wait to bring friends and family. The scallop appetizer is exceptional. Maybe in my top ten dishes anywhere ever in Boston. Staff is so friendly. Try this place before the raves start appearing online.
"New place where pho house used to be!! Now at first, i was very sad that my favorite pho place in the boston area closed. But my boyfriend and i decided to give the newcomer a try. They opened only 4 days ago and are in the middle of a soft opening. It's nice to see a southeast asian place that is more upscale, quite a change from all of the usual fast takeout places. Verdict: definitely a must-have!!

The space: newly renovated, no more icky carpet, new lighting and walls, new tables, new layout. Relaxing vibe. 

Service: excellent! Everyone there was very friendly, attentive, and passionate about the food. We were told that the chef cooked in Bali for 15 years and wanted to bring the food here. We started with orders for wine which we appreciated recommendations for. They also made several recommendations for what food to pair with the wine. We went with all of their recommendations and then some because we wanted to try as much as possible and of course support a new business. 

Food: 1) started with the scallops (their recommendation and apparently the most popular appetizer so far). We were told to eat it in one bite, a feat since the scallops were a very generous size! They were AMAZING. Tender, and the toppings on them were perfect flavor pairings 2) Next we had the calamari and the pork belly, which was recommended to us to go with the wine. The calamari was good, substantial with a light crispy coating. The pork belly was awesome, and VERY indulgent. I don't even like pork but wow, would absolutely order this again. Melt in your mouth soft, crispy crackly skin, and glazed perfectly. 3) for the main we ordered the beef cheek and a side of stir fried assorted greens. The rice they serve to you directly so you can control how much you get. The beef cheek was so tender and a very large serving size. Since we had so much food already we shared it but it would be more than enough for a single hungry diner. It came smothered in a rich sauce that went well with the rice. The stir fried veggies (baby corn, mushrooms, bean sprouts, bok choy, tofu, etc) were so good that my meat loving boyfriend said if every veggie dish was cooked like that he could become vegetarian! High praise!! 4) for dessert we ended with the sticky rice, which came with mango ice cream, and the custard, which came with coconut ice cream. A wonderful end to dinner. My favorite was the custard, which was silky smooth and the perfect texture. 

So while we were disappointed that pho house is no longer here, we are so glad that such a wonderful new place took its place. Friendly and knowledgeable service and clearly everyone from the busboy to chef takes pride in the place! Wishing chalawan eatery good luck and much success in their soft opening and we will be telling our friends about this place."
"tl;dr - Tasty upscale for vegetarian date night

I came here on a Sunday night with my girlfriend during their soft opening. The place was fairly full for the time, and the demographics were a mix of young couples and families.

The decor was very nice. I loved the wall mural; my girlfriend preferred the photograph vignettes from Thai life. Tables and settings were upscale, and I particularly enjoyed the metal bowls for drinking water.

There is an entirely separate vegetarian menu, not just a section! (You might have to ask for it when you sit down)

We ordered the Malay curry and the spiced tofu, with sides of broccolini and rice. My favorite was definitely the tofu: the various elements - especially the crispy tofu and the snow peas - yielded a wonderful array of textures (I'm really big on texture).

We will miss the pho place, but, after dining here, not too much!"
Chalawan is one of the best restaurants in the greater Boston area. Their food is consistently excellent and the quality is incredible. I highly recommend the Singapore beef and the duck curry. They are both delicious!
"I LOVED this place. Food was soooo good, and the ambiance is great. Will def come back. 

Ambiance great for - date night. 
Also great for a small group of friends, family (not babies, and no kids menu.)

My friend and I tried this about 2 months after opening and it's a gem. We made a reservation, which was necessary because they're already quite busy. Yelp hasn't listed a price range yet but I would say it's well-priced and what you expect to spend on a dinner out in Boston. About $$-$$$. 

We got the soft shell crab app to start ($14). SO GOOD. I would order this again. 

My friend got the braised short rib ($18). Good, but mine was better. I got the Duck in red curry ($22) and it hit the spot. Has a bit of a kick to it, but not too spicy. Duck was cooked perfectly, and I loved the veggies - I wouldn't think to put okra in curry but it was delicious. Loved all the spices in the curry. I ate plenty of rice cuz the curry was so good. 

Should mention rice was an additional $2 per person. The waiters serve it into a plate, and they'll ask if you want more when you're about done. 

We didn't do drinks or dessert, but if I recall correctly:
Wine list
Non-alcoholic drinks ($6)
Dessert ($8) 

Can't wait to go back!"
"Chalawan is an Asian fusion (many different cultures represented on the menu) restaurant in Cambridge. It was easy to get a reservation for a larger group which I appreciated, although the place was definitely packed.

I tried the red duck curry, the soft shell crab appetizer, roti, a lamb curry dish, and everything was incredible. I will say that the portions are not exactly family style, so make sure to order a dish per person because we only ordered a few entrees to share (thinking they were bigger given the larger price) and thought we definitely could've gone entree per person even with appetizers- but hey we were hungry. The roti is a must order, its a flatbread eaten with curry as a side and is warm, chewy, and I would come back just for it. Now I'm wishing I also tried the dessert- have heard it's great!

Service was so-so, but the food was so good that I'd bump it to 5 stars anyway. Improve on the service and I'll be glad to return!"
The laksa and scallops were so good. I sat outside underneath the heating lamps, it was actually really toasty, I can imagine this might be doable for the rest of the month.
"Here during covid! Service is great and covid safety seems solid

I'd definitely recommend the Scallop. The pork belly was a bit much, especially as an app, so probably get this if you're hungry or have more than two people.

Chicken Rice was extremely comforting-the best I've had in Boston"
Good ambience and service. Soft shell crab curry was tasty but the crab was not crispy at all and felt like it wasn't prepared on order. Black pepper chicken was tasty. Calamari appetizer was a bit bland but fresh. Overall, not bad but one would expect a bit higher quality for the price.
"We had a reservation at 6:30 and got seated immediately. The restaurant felt intimate and had dim lighting. 

For a party of four, we got 2 appetizers- scallops and snapper dumplings, which were both super flavorful. The snapper dumplings were very gingery. 

We then ordered three dishes to share- whole fish, red curry duck, and Singapore beef. The beef was my favorite dish as it was perfectly smoked and was still tender on the inside."
Great Thai/Indonesian food. We went there on a quiet weeknight so there were only two tables indoor. We ordered curry duck, scallop and pork belly as starter, some greens, some baby back ribs, and a dessert. They were all delicious. Be aware though: duck curry was spicy! Service was good too. Definitely a higher end restaurant for Thai food (not like the neighborhood Thai takeout place). Ideal for date night.
"Five star to the environment (lighting/furniture) but two stars to the food (even less considering the price)! 
Came here a week after it opened. Ordered my fav fried fish and a curry entree. They serve brown/white rice unlimited but I couldn't finish one serving cuz the dishes were very disappointing. The fish was really dry (had better ones in S&I at Allston)and crab was not crispy at all, making it taste like crab meat wrapped in paper. The thing I liked was the coconut drink (coconut milk+coconut ice cream) and the upscale environment. Hopefully will try some good dishes next time..."
Excellent service and solid Southeast Asian flavors! Everything had just the right kick of spice and nothing was bland. The Singapore chili beef in particular was soooo tender and had this nice char to it! And that Roti Canai was buttery goodness! Will definitely come back to dine in or order delivery!
I was at Chalawan's Grand Opening and I must say that everything was AMAZING! The chef has cooked for over 20 years, and it really shows in his food. Some of the flavors I had that night are flavors I've never had before, and I am absolutely impressed! My tastebuds were definitely happy that night :) Can't wait to go back!
"This was a wonderful meal. I really loved all the flavors, the presentation of the food and the set up of the restaurant were gorgeous, and the service was attentive as well.

We started with the chicken betel leaf. It packs a flavorful punch, with a mix of herbs. It's really unique, and I highly recommend it.

If you're getting a curry, I highly recommend getting the roti canai with it. The roti is wonderfully fluffy, and almost feels like it's made to be dipped.

I got the red duck curry, along with jasmine rice. There's a lot of duck and a lot of curry. It's well worth the price. If there's extra curry, you can ask a server to pack it up and save it for another time.

I recommend this restaurant without hesitation. It could be a really nice place for a date."
"We had a family dinner here (party of 8) to celebrate my husband's birthday. I was super excited about trying this upscale Southeast Asian restaurant since there's just not many around Mass. We walked into an intimate atmosphere and were greeted warmly for our Sunday reservation.

Since we were a large group, we were able to share and try most of the starters, mains, and desserts. We did not get to try the popular betel leaf chicken app because it had already been sold out :( Didn't see a cocktail menu either, so we ordered a bottle of red wine to share. 

MUST-ORDER: scallop app, pork belly app, roti canai side, red curry duck entree, and eggplant. Also enjoyed the thai tea custard/ice cream dessert, and the banana cake dessert.

The dishes were all well-executed in flavor and texture. Portion was on the smaller side. The other items that we tried (not mentioned) were decent; would probably skip the soft-shell crab entree (too soggy) and ribs (too dry) next time.

Service was relatively attentive with water and rice refills, clearing away plates, and taking a billion group photos at my in-laws' requests. Food pacing was timely too. The staff was kind to give us complimentary desserts on the house, and even serenaded the birthday boy too! Overall, Chalawan is a wonderful addition to the food scene. Expect to spend around $50-60pp after drink, tax, and gratuity."
"Great Asian fusion, with the emphasis on Thai and Indonesian cuisines! 

Many dishes stood out for us! Actually, everything we ordered were amazing. My man loves scallops and the scallops here blew our minds. We are pleased with all the dishes we ordered!

Amicable and welcoming service!"
"The menu is spectacular, service is great, love this restaurant.
The salmon skin and watermelon salad, the calamari, the ribs, the softshell crab, the whole fish, the snapper dumplings.  Just go, it's wonderful :)"
"Chalawan is new, but they are serving some amazing southeast asian food here - definitely come check it out!!

Food:
-Seared Scallop: probably the best thing I have eaten in years; it's a one bite scallop appetizer topped with ginger, scallion, and crispy duck - and it's incredible; there's acid, savory, sweet notes with this one bite and it really took us by surprise, in a good way. We ended up ordering another round of scallops at the very end - that's how amazing it was!!!! 

-Crispy Whole Fish: the sauce on this dish was sweet/sour/spicy all in one; thought there was definitely a lot of flavor but because it was the whole fish, it wasn't the easiest to eat; but still really good

-Red Curry with Duck: personally I'm not too into curry or duck, but this dish probably changed my mind about that; it's a little bit on the spicier side but definitely try

Service:
-My waitress was really knowledgeable and gave really good recommendations so ask questions if you're unsure of what to get 

Tips:
I wanted to get a beer but I believe they are only licensed to carry wine - so just beware! 

Overall, my friends and I had a great experience and will definitely be back to try some other dishes (and probably get the scallop again haha)"
"I have lived in south east Asia for many years - and I can tell you this is one of most carefully prepared, delicately seasoned, and authentic Malaysian / Indonesian restaurants in the country (I have tried probably 30 across the country). The kway teow, nasi lemak, ribs, is excellent !  I over ate but it feels good :-)

Also I drove in from the burbs - COVID era traffic means it's only 20mins door to door :-)"
"Chalawan is my favorite restaurant I've been to in Cambridge so far. We went once before the pandemic and have recently come back twice to sit outside. Every time has been a great experience. The decor inside was lovely and the new seating outside is pleasant and safe, with nicely separated tables and heat lamps. It is slightly close to traffic in the street, but I prefer that to being unsafely on the sidewalk.

The food is really great - it is somewhat upscale Thai/Southeast Asian fusion cuisine, with amazing flavor combinations and nicely cooked meat and vegetables. The scallop appetizers are some of the best I've ever had, and I also really the enjoy the betel leaf appetizer. I've liked all of the mains (which are generously sized and easy to share), especially the duck curry, the Singapore chili beef, and the tamarind prawns. The wine list is reasonable and good, and I was pleased with the service.

Overall, this place really stands out in Cambridge, where many restaurants are a bit overpriced. The flavors here are so amazing and the entire experience is perfect. Highest recommendation!"
Tried this place for the first time during covid season. Spectacular! We ordered the crispy pork belly, scallops, mee goreng and hainanese chicken rice from their (last two from their street food menu). I grew up in Singapore from age four onwards and the food here tasted like home. Will definitely be back soon to try their other dishes.
"I feel like there's a lot of tasty Thai restaurants in Boston but Chalawan is the first that I've been to here that truly feels upscale. While this experience may come with a hefty price tag , I feel like it can be justified with Chalawan's impressive presentation of its food and its savory dishes. 

I don't think you can come to Chalawan and not order an appetizer considering how INSTAGRAM-ABLE  (and delicious) they are. My friend and I ordered the chicken betel leaf and the seared Alaskan scallop for our apps. 

The chicken betel leaf was an interesting experience. It has a strong lemon grass flavor with a bit of a mushy texture that is complemented by crunchy fried shallots. I would not recommend eating the actual betel leaf.

The seared Alaskan scallop was every bit as delicious as it sounds. The scallop was seared perfectly, and I really enjoyed the garnish of scallion and shallots. I feel like this is going to be a must-order for me when I come back.

For our mains, we got the red curry duck (with some roti canai) and the Singapore chili beef. 

The red curry duck was creamy with just the right amount of spice and kick. It was intriguing to see the combination of ingredients in this dish. I've never eaten a red curry with duck before much less one with lychee, okra, and eggplant, but it seemed to work. 

I was also glad that my friend and I both got rice for the red curry even though I'm kinda on a low carb diet . The rice was surprisingly good. It was warm and very sticky  which made it pleasing to eat. 

We also actually ordered the roti canai which came out fresh and hot and paired well with the curry (NOTE that it seems like they normally don't give you a curry/dipping sauce when you order the roti canai).

The Singapore chili beef was admittedly kinda plain (like any nice beef dish you might find at a Chinese restaurant) but I still enjoyed eating it. 

The biggest reason you might not want to go to Chalawan is honestly the price. All the apps start to add up and even the rice costs $2 per person which is disappointing. I believe our bill came out to around $38 per person before tip 

All in all though, I think you get what you pay for. I would love to come back to Chalawan again in the future (perhaps on a fancy date) and try some of their other dishes."
The BEST food in Boston - absolutely amazing. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and cooked to perfection. We will be back!!
The fusion thai food is delicious and very tasty. The top notch one is the service. My servers are Dinish and Pod. They are very gentle and professional. Will be back soon.
My husband and I are big time Asian food lovers and have been trying different restaurants in Boston for good Asian food. We have found good Chinese places but haven't really found restaurants serving good Indonesian, Malaysian or Singaporean food until we tried Chalawan. We absolutely loved it and would be going back multiple times to try everything on the menu. Every item on the menu is so unique and from a different cuisine altogether, so it's difficult to pick one item- probably the only negative about this place. The location and the ambience are also perfect. We tried chicken in beetle leaf(I would give it a 3 ), red curry (5   ), and mangolian noodle(4 ). I really hope more people would try this place, because it is the only one of this kind in Boston and it'll be so disappointing if this closes down too.
Expensive but well-worth it, extremely tasty food. It does mix various Southeast Asian flavors together quite well - I recognized some flavors from my travels in Indonesia, Thailand, and southern China with some Western twists. We had Thai-style appetizer seared Alaska scallops in tasty scallion dipping sauce and Yunnan-style steamed snapper dumplings with chili and black vinegar sauce, and I had Borneo tamarind prawn with curry leaf, spring onions and fried shallots (phenomenal sauce) as my main dish, as well as crème brûlée with ice cream for desert. All superb!
I'm not sure what people mean when they say the food was low quality, this is one of the best southeast asian restaurants I've been to in Boston (being Viet myself who has traveled around SEA). My boyfriend and I ordered the pork belly and calamari for appetizers and then the singaporean laksa and thai hoi tod off their street food menu. THEY WERE ALL DELICIOUS!! and had very good portions. The pork belly was thick cut and the calamari came in big rectangular cuts, which I liked. They also really know their sauces here. We will be coming back!
The best Indonesian's food We ever have , the service is excellent. The scallops were excellent , my husband had Singapore's chill very delicious. I have fried red snapper was very delicious. Highly recommended
"Come here, order the Crispy Pork Belly starter, and thank me later. 

I also tried the Szechuan Eggplant and Soft Shell Crab. Both were flavorful and well prepared dishes, but the Pork Belly was definitely the highlight. The crab also could've been a bit crispier. 

Service is friendly and decor is warm. The prices are higher than standard Thai fare, but in line with the higher quality. All in all, a great addition to the area. Can't wait to go back for more."
We had the best time at Chalawan, even though we reached quite late towards closing time! The Street Food menu is gold, and their Singaporean Curries are gobsmackingly delicious
Excellent food, great decor, very good service. We like the southeast asian emphasis a lot. Good wine pairings too. And yes they do pickup during COVID-19.
Cute outdoor dining set up with the lights and heat lamp. We ordered a few appetizers and entrees from the hawker menu. Pork belly is a must get! Calamari was crispy. The duck salad has good tangy flavor. The scallop was impressive. This was a bit much for 2 people, but everything was so tasty. Portion sizes are big. Overall great dinner
Stopped by for lunch, was the only one eating indoors. I sat by the chilly window, and the waiter brought a large heater to keep me warm - instant coziness and good will. Food was exotic, very tasty, the waiter was very friendly, patiently explaining and recommending dishes. I tried mostly appetizers, liked all of them, and will be back.
"Absolutely loved the food here, almost everything we ordered was amazing! The food is a little pricey, especially since they don't seem to have a lunch menu. ~$50 with tip and tax per person for lunch is on the high side. 

Thankfully the meal was definitely worth the price. We ordered:

- Seared Alaska scallop. We were told eat this in one bite, and I wish i had more bites! The ginger scallion shallot and caramelize crispy duck that topped the scallop gave it lots of texture and robust flavors.

- Lang kawi crispy calamari with kaffir lime leaf lemongrass dried chili and chili jam sauce. Calamari was cut in a way that helped it be more tender, the chili jam was sweet and not too spicy.

-Sumatra wagyu beef cheek rendang with chili star anise cinnamon stick and roasted coconut. This is my ultimate favorite dish! The beef check was so tender and flavorful, and the rendang sauce was rich with coconut milk and spices.

- Stir fry Szechuan eggplant with cherry tomato chili ginger leek pepper garlic and black vinegar. This was okay, i didn't like how there were a lot of pepper seeds in the dish, and it was hard avoiding them.

- Soft shell crab in curry.  Came with two well-fried soft shell crab in a curry sauce. The sauce was a little too watery but the crab was crisp on the outside and tender inside.

- roti canai (pancake like bread that was great for dipping in curry!)

Our server provided us with great recommendations and was very attentive with topping up on waters and rice during the meal.

We made reservations for lunch on a Saturday but the restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived, it didn't seem like reservations was necessary."
"I really enjoyed Chalawan but it was a bit tricky to understand what we were getting ourselves into.  Full disclosure: it was a rainy, icky Tuesday night and we were craving Southwest Asian food.  The Web site wasn't super helpful (and it was impossible to find prices listed to get any directional sense), so it was a bit surprising to us that entrees are about $30.  Totally understood but in that case we may not have gone on a rainy night where we just wanted comfort food (and instead dropped about $100).

The food at Chalawan is delicious, nuanced, and fresh.  The food was a bit overpriced for what it was -- $25 - $30 for many of the entrees - again, it was impossible to know this before literally going into the restaurant.  Meanwhile, the ""Vegetarian"" menu on Chalawan's Web site is a bit lower ($15-$20) - just seemed misleading."
"We came here during the COVID partial re-opening and dined outside, but they also had a few tables inside that were at least 15+ft apart. They took all the necessary precautions and it felt really safe. 

The food was really great! We had the pork belly appetizer, the duck salad, the chicken on betel leaf, and the beef cheek Rendang. It was all yummy but the beef cheek Rendang was probably my favorite. The pork belly appetizer is a huge portion! like 10 huge cubes of pork belly. We filled up a little bit too much on that before the main course so I'd be careful with that one if you're only sharing between two people!"
"So happy they opened for outdoor dine-in! Great service and food! They have packets for cutlery and servers are wearing gloves and a mask. They serve you your rice and are very hospital. 

Absolutely love the appetizers. Crispy pork belly is definitely worth it! If you're into something spicy, the red curry of duck will hit the spot!"
This place was amazing! I really love the diversity of South Eastern Asian cuisine. We got the tamarind tofu, fish dumplings, and the pork hock. The tofu was sweet, acidic, and still crispy. The dumplings were delicate and light. The vinegar is always a nice contrast and was bursting with layers of flavor. Don't even get me started on the pork hock. It was very tender, falling to pieces off the bone and the skin was SO deliciously crispy. The fat melted in your mouth and the two dipping sauces contrasted so well. Sweet tamarind and the other zesty shallot dip cut through the fat if you needed a break from the richness. I had to bring it home because it was so filling, but it heat up in the oven really well. I can't wait to take my Thai mom there!
"Given the hype, had to give Chalawan a try. I made a reservation for me and my girlfriend at 6:30 on a Thursday; the restaurant was about half full when we arrived but quickly filled up by 7:30 PM. We started with the scallop spoons which lived up to their reputation. 
Scallop spoon app (5 stars) - Succulent, flavorful and unique, definitely a memorable appetizer.
For entrees, we split the red duck curry (5 stars) and the Singapore beef (4 stars). My preference was for the red duck curry; the curry had a tangy yet balanced flavor and the duck pretty much melted in your mouth. The inclusion of lychee was brought just the right amount of sweetness as well. The Singapore Beef was also very tender, and the accompanying veggies complemented it, although the sauce was a tad to sweet and lacked a spicy kick to it. 
For dessert we had the black rice (3 stars), which I'd probably pass on next time. 
Drinks - 5 stars. I had a glass of the House Cabernet which was well-balanced and nicely complemented the beef and duck.
Service - 5 stars. Our waiter always seemed to be around for questions or to fill up our water glasses. The owner/manager also seemed to be present ensuring we were enjoying our dining experience. Further, if you order a side of rice, your waiter makes rounds with a big pot of freshly-steamed rice, re-filling your plate when necessary - nice touch IMO.
Overall, we had high expectations for Chalawan and it definitely met if not exceeded them!"
"Food
I decided to come here because of the great ratings in Yelp, but I was disappointed. The food was very mediocre. The highlight was the scallop appetiser, but still not perfect. The chicken betel leaf was interesting, but I didn't realise it was a cold dish. The steam snapper dumplings were okay as well.
For main course, I had the crispy whole fish and it was so sweet that I couldn't finish half of it. The red duck curry was not bad. Finally, the desserts. Both of us had black sticky rice. Not a fan.

Everything else
The decor was nice, but a bit too dark for my taste. I don't think the restaurant is doing very well. We came here on a Friday night and there were only four tables, and there were not many takeouts. I definitely will not come back and don't recommend it to anyone."
Place for Asian food lover! My husband and I ordered baby ribs and Singapore chili beef. Both of them are amazing. The source is rich. I especially love the chilli beef. I don't know how the chef made the beef soooooooo tender inside and crispy outside! Worth every penny! The waiter was also nice, checking us regularly.
"This is the only restaurant I know that has so much variety from many Southeast Asian cuisine all in one place! Their menus are very creative, with the hawker list an extra fun bonus. 

There are tables both indoors and outdoors for spaced apart seating. Would highly recommend checking this place out!"
What a special place. Chalawan is around the corner from my partner's daughters home in Cambridge and has outdoor seating, so we gave it a try and were beyond pleasantly surprised. The menu here is not your ordinary neighborhood Thai place. The ingredients are fresh, authentic and sometimes even exotic. Preparation is to order and gorgeously presented. The staff are welcoming, informative and accommodating in a way that makes you feel like a guest in their home. Don't be fooled by the humble Mass Ave. storefront. This place is a jewel hiding in plain sight!
Great place with outdoor seating available. Food was fantastic especially aunty wang's dumplings and crispy whole fish! Service could have been better.
"I had a relatively decent time here with my friends until the racist, drunk woman that the waiters and seating host refused to cut off really killed the vibe. Seriously, if a woman's harassing an entire table of guests, it's only fair to ask her to leave the premises.

Also, comparing the regular menu to the vegetarian menu kind of pointed out one glaring difference - ordering the meat version of a dish can mean the difference of $13. I had to do the math twice because I was that surprised. For example, if you look on Grubhub, the Singapore chili beef costs $25 but the Singapore chili tofu costs $14. The same goes for the red curry - $24 vs $14. Unless the meat comes with a separate but equally-sized plate of beef, I don't know that it's worth the drastic difference in price. I haven't been to any restaurant that charges so much, but I guess that's Cambridge for you. Not to mention, the food is overly salted to the point it kind of obscures the actual flavor. I can't imagine how much saltier the meat version of the dishes would be.

Suffice it to say, I'm not coming back."
"Ate here multiple times as it's in the casino. All main dishes for $12, though it's reasonable considering where they're located.

BBQ pork and shrimp fried rice is your standard flavour you'd find in most Cantonese restaurants around. Nothing to dislike about it, and the portion matches the price.

Wonton noodle soup is pretty solid and my go-to here; good flavour soup, nice wontons and on spot noodle texture.

Rare beef pho you should get elsewhere as the beef is pretty much well done by the time they get it to you. The meat isn't sliced thinly either, just a brisket that's been crudely cut multiple times still all connected making it hard to eat. I overheard 2 of their chefs talking about it sitting at the bar counter, as they use the same beef in their other dish it's not worth preparing it two different ways according to them.

The rice noodles aren't loosened either, being a really big noodle ball that's hard to pick up and eat. You will tire your hand trying. The soup however is nicely flavoured, so the mismatch is quite a disappointment.

The pad thai wasn't the most flavourful and quite lacking in savoury and spiciness aspects."
"I'm giving it 3 stars because the Beef and Broccoli on Rice that my friend ordered was good. I got to taste it. It would have been 2 stars for the Singaporean Fried Cashew Shrimp Noodles. I had to add some spicy sauce to get some flavour. I might not have been given enough sauce. I thought my noodles were a little dry. It was busy when we got there. There were at least 5 groups of people ahead of us. The service was really fast. Maybe that's the reason why I didn't get enough sauce?! 

I'll give it another chance. I still want to try other noodles in the menu."
Located inside the casino, it has bar like seating arrangements with a quick eat / takeout set up.  The food was really good but a little light in protein servings for the price you are paying.  It's the second option to the hotel, which also does have a separate buffet restaurant.  The food was prepared well but the service is next to no existent as the are running meals to casino tables so bring your own water.
"Prata man... or as I affectionately call it ""no frills"" is a delightful restaurant with reasonable prices, delicious food, good portion sizes and a no non sense wait staff. What more could you want? 
Sure the restaurant decor wouldn't look out of place in a trailer park or the back alleys of HK but does any of that matter when the food is so good? I've been 3 times, each trying one new item and every time I leave satisfied. I'd say you couldn't go that far astray ordering anything on the menu. 
Prata man is an ideal destination for those looking for quick, tasty, affordable meals where you don't have to get all dressed up like your going to Walmart
5 skewers out of 5!"
"good service 
good food/ I think it's one of the better hainanese chicken restaurants
good price for quality and quantity 
if i had to choose 1 dish: hainanese chicken with rice
would I go back? Yes"
OK, it is in a strip mall near Highway 99 (to the east) so not that accessible, but get there. No need to dress up as it is very casual. Prices are very good and the food is delicious. As well the service was very friendly and informative. The ambience is non-existent, but this is a place to eat good Singaporean/Malaysian cuisine. Cash only. Hainanese chicken was different, but with the red sauce and/or the onions improved the taste. The Mee Goreng, Satay and Prata Bread with Green Onion were all very good. They are very interested in trying to make a go of this place as the owners have only been there for 4 months.
"This is one of Richmond's hidden gems.  They're a family run business with a small but delicious menu.  

My two favourite dishes are their Chicken Rice and Mi Goreng.

Their chicken rice comes in three sizes, which vary in the amount of chicken and number of bowls of rice.  The chicken is de-boned and has a very good texture and taste.  The rice is also very fragrant and compliments the more neutral flavour of the chicken very well.  There is an option to have free range chicken for an added fee.  Each order comes with servings of ginger soup which is savoury and causes a nice burn in the throat.

Their mi goreng is very tasty, combining sweet and savoury tastes.  It would be nice if it was cheaper since itms just noodles, bean sprouts, and a few tofu puffs and bits of meat.

Other menu items include curry with roti prata, laksa, and satay skewers.

Definitely worth a visit!"
"Their curry beef is excellent! Very soft brisket, and the sauce is plentiful and is just the right amount of spicy. Their Hainanese chicken is great as well. It's *almost* as good as what I've had in Singapore. Unlike many places, it's not just skin and bones, there's actually a substantial amount of meat there.

The prata is too doughy and their mee goreng was meh. I think they might've used ketchup in it.

Ambiance may be lacking but it's not a big deal for me, as long as the food is good."
This is not the place to come if you are looking for nice decor or ambiance. However, if you are wanting good hainanese chicken then this is the place to be.  The meat is cooked to a silky texture and deboned. The accompanying oil rice is very flavourful and mounded high in the bowl (yay!).
This is the best restaurant for Hainan Chicken.  I have travelled to Singapore and Hong Kong in search of this dish, and now I found the best in Vancouver, Canada !  It is not a fancy restaurant, but it is clean and roamy.  Friendly, good service, and delicious !  Looks Like I will have to travel more from San Francisco to Vancouver just for this dish .
"I'm going to start by saying I was SO excited to try this place. I dragged an unsuspecting colleague out for lunch and brought her here. She was a little nervous about the interior (and exterior!), but was darling enough to sit down anyway. Being Malaysian, I actually felt quite at home. 

We were greeted quickly and given menus. She took a look at the menu but left the ordering up to me, of course. I wasted no time. The main things to try here (as I understand from previous reviews) are: Hainanese Chicken Rice and Satay. To my delight, they had a lovely lunch Combo A with Single Order Hainanese Chicken Rice, 6 Satays, 2 Barley drinks, and your choice of a variety of the other noodles. Combo B just comes with Onion Prata instead of Satay, and the choices of other noodles are different. 

Now, I should have just ordered the Hainanese Chicken Rice and Satays, but what the heck! Combo A it is! The other noodles we chose was Laksa. Let me tell you right now: BAAAAD CHOICE. The Hainanese Chicken Rice was completely lovely. From the authentic chili sauce to the ginger, peppery soup. It was a complete Chicken Rice meal. Yum! I will definitely be back for the Chicken Rice one of these lunch hours. 

The Satays were quite good. I chose to have 3 chicken and 3 beef. Word to the wise: just get the chicken... The marinade was good. The meat was a little lean for my liking. Satays are traditionally made with fattier parts of the animal, i,e, chicken thighs. The peanut sauce was quite good. 

I hadn't the chance to interview the owners yet. I always like to speak to them about their food and ask where they are from. They may be cooking Malaysian food, but hey, they could be from anywhere. In this case, I suspect they are really from Singapore. We shall see. I will post an update after I speak with them."
"NOT THE CLEANEST, FRIENDLIEST, BIGGEST  - but GOOD FOOD HERE.

Prata Man this is one of those places you easily whip by in Richmond. It's on virtually the only driveable strip in downtown Richmond - when you are not in stop go gridlock or fearing for your very life.

On the outside, it looks HORRIBLE. Small dingy sign, decaying and forgotten deck. Inside, its not much better. Cheap florescent lighting, wooden seating that is sticky and downright gross.

The food  however is a different story  - IT'S DELICIOUS  and well prepared. Skewers, curries, Hainanese chicken all done right."
"Many moons ago before Prata Man was serving up food at this location, I was a young kid devouring this kind of stuff daily.  Our nanny (Cindy the Sun) was from Malaysia / Singapore and she would cook us amazing authentic meals with sambals and satays and curries and we learned how to eat spice, HOT spice.
We also learned about flavour, and how it all interacts with your brain and how it can make you feel good. Deliciousness found a new friend in us.

When I first learned about Prata Man it was from a room mate who liked to get takeout from here.  She talked about the chicken and the curries and the flavours that always were consistently good.  The key words here are consistently and good.  ""Yessiree Bob"" and ""Bob's your uncle"" (on the latter, I hope not, at least not mine)  on those that agree with me that this place is an establishment of consistency and good flavours and best of all?  You can't beat their prices!
What better true definition of hole in the wall is there?  If you want to find out, then come here.
My last adventure here was with some friends after a round of whacking balls at the driving range.  I had the Laksa for the first time here and found it quite different than most other places.  It wasn't filled with swirly red hues of chili and the noodles were different.  It wasn't a picturesque  temptuous soup goddess trying to lure itself into your belly.  It was kinda,,,, brown looking.  You know what people say about brown (ok forget about that UPS slogan and the perverted stuff).
but you know what bubba?  It was good.  I drank almost all of the soup.

My mum and Ya Ya had their chicken dish and brother Jay his curry.  He never eats the fatty or gelatinous or sinewy bits from his brisket.  I tend to eat those scraps from him.  Yummmy.

We also had the 12 skewers, one of their standard favourites.  My other friend, not sure if he liked his dish.  Maybe he doesn't like curry.  I had a sampling of it and it was good. I wish I had room to eat more, cause I would have eaten his dish.

So yes. I can still attest to this well known feeling.  My stomach is happy as always.  You saved our lunch time meal and we'll always call on you for when we're hankering for our childhood food memories to be fulfilled.

I hope that there will be more generations of Prata Man to come.  You're our hero.  Keep saving us from culinary overload and keep feeding us with solid down to earth food that can be counted on.  Like coming home to comfort.

Typos written free of charge with every review by Lauren.  Just read and smile and imagine what your tastebuds can experience.

PS CASH ONLY"
"been this hainanese chicken restaurant for 25 years... everytime we go there, the experience is fantastic and stomach is fulfilled very well without robbing the wallet ....
the chicken and roti are the favorite on my own menu !!"
"They used to be much better, but still pretty decent food. We usually get the hainanese chicken with rice and curry beef brisket with prata bread. It is pretty pricey but its a ton of food. If you get half a chicken you get a full square box of rice and if you get a full chicken, you get 2 boxes of rice! Love love the prata bread and the fact that they remove all the chicken bone so I can easily use my left overs for sandwiches the next day.
Good for sharing. Small, never renovated place but if you eat in you get free soup too."
"This place is accurately yelp reviewed at 3 1/2.  What it lacks in presentation and ambience, it meets with substance and convinience.  I tried most of the items on the menu and I like their Laksa and noodle variety the best.  This place is probably famous for its Hainese chicken (cold chicken) and it is good (but I don't like chicken very much, especially cold one.  The laksa has a good chicken broth (I wonder where they get the chicken broth ;)
It is a small family owned shop with lots of parking and inexpensively priced.  I am giving it a four star as it literally feels like a restaurant out of a street of Kuala Lumpur."
Chicken is good but the portions is not really pleasant as two ppl for Half chicken is little but less
"Some of the best Malaysian food I've had in this part of the world, but some quirks as well.

Parking is ample here thanks to it being part of a dingy strip mall.

The interior is Ghetto (with an upper case G).  My friend warned me about this, and he was absolutely right on this one.  It almost looks like an empty warehouse or department store.

We had a 2-person combo (Combo A) for $18.50 including tax.  I'll talk about the food in a bit, but the head-scratcher was that they ran out of the barley drink that comes this combo.  So they gave us ONE (individual-sized) bowl of soup instead.  Huh?

The other head-scratcher is that this combo for 2 comes with ONE bowl of rice.  This is why I gave the place 3 stars instead of 4.  We had to order a 2nd bowl of rice, which is not the cheapest at $1.75.  That's how they get ya.

Soup - not your typical MSG + water.  This one had a gingery kick to it, which while a bit unusual, really worked out.  I don't remember it being like this in Malaysia though.

Beef skewers (there is beef/chicken/pork) - served with a really sweet satay sauce with lots of peanuts.  The wooden sticks were a bit burnt and broke off in my hand, but that's no biggie.  The meat was cooked just right.  The sauce also came with some cucumber slices and some picked vegetables (carrot + turnip) that was cut into thin slices instead of strips.  It looks different but doesn't work, as they turned out really mushy.  Oh, this is the difference between Combo A and Combo B.  For B, you get deep fried onion biscuits instead of these skewers.

Laksa - great soup.  Crispy bean sprouts, non-mushy vermicelli.

Hainan chicken rice - my friend said this was the best, and he was right.  Not too salty, and silky smooth skin and meat.  Beats out Tropika.  Also served with the picked carrots + turnip, and a dish of sweet chili sauce + green onions in oil.

The service is a bit questionable, but it is admittedly a good deal nonethless. I will be back."
the store was small and hide inside the plaza. Best place for hainanese chicken rice ever! Very recommended ! Closed on every Monday tho and kinda busy on weekend
"Had to try the hainanese chicken rice.  The flavor of the rice wasn't as strong as I expected and the Chicken was just Ok. 
But decent amount of food for the price.  Also had the flat bread with curry.  Was just Ok too.  Probably wouldn't order again."
Ordered the half chicken combo and half skewers! It's was very tasty, except some meat have too many charred spots!! Other than that, very well flavoured and great portions for two. They also included soups, which was very tasty too.
"Solid Singaporean joint

The menu isn't too expansive, but it hits many of the highlights of Singaporean cuisine. 

The Haianese chicken is juicy and tender. The rice is flavourful. Pretty decent dish. 

The chicken (or beef brisket) curry is also delicious. The curry is a dark, thick and full of flavour.  Maybe a tad too salty and not too spicy. But still good. The meat was tender. Potatoes were firm and retained its shape. 

The roti was flaky, crispy and chewy all at once. Very nice. 

The hot Malaysian milk tea was a sweet finisher. 

The decor reminds me of a run down small restaurant stand in Asia transported into Canada. As in, there is basically no decor. It feels like you're eating in a broom closet or something. I find it appealing, others may not. 

I'd say its more like a 3.5 star place. But its better to round up to promote local businesses right?"
"Tues-Thurs a 4 stars, any other time 2 stars. (specials are only avail tues-thurs)

Really only worth coming here for this special.  $20 for a decent meal for two, or even three if light eaters: chicken & rice, some satay skewers, barley drink and a your choice from a variety of rice/ noodle dishes. 

Food itself is really nothing that will blow your mind, would probably say it is about average. 
Their specialty is hanainese chicken.  It's good and a must order when you come here."
"I have some friends who are SERIOUS about their Hainese chicken. And the verdict is...

THE ABSOLUTE BEST PLACE for Hainese chicken.

I had to try it out for myself!

Wow, total hole in the wall malaysian grub...i was really looking forward to some authentic treats!

There were about 7 or 8 of us...we ordered 2 full Hainese chickens, a rice dish, chicken curry, roti, a variety of skewers and a noodle dish. My friend did all the ordering, so I have forgotten the names completely. 

Everything was mediocre to me, the flavors were a little on the bland side. But the chicken was delicious. Definitely the best dish out of everything! 
I would come back out this way for their chicken again..and maybe some other dishes since I was a little disappointed with what was ordered."
"Before trying this place out, I used to never order hainanese chicken from other resturants because the chicken was always dry and tasted bland! Prata Man's hainanese chicken is the best I've ever had!! They take the time to debone the chicken and the chicken is always so silky and juicy!  If you are in the area, I highly recommend this place!

The skewers are also supposed to be good but I didn't care much for it."
The best Hainanese chicken in the PNW. Although lately the green onion ginger sauce has been super salty and the Hainanese rice are pretty dry. Since no other place that make this chicken like they do, we are willing to overlook the others. I'm recommending this place.
I like!! If you can see past the (dingy-isn) ambience and (boxes and inventory as) decor and just take in the aroma, this place is really good and tasty. Great curry, great hainanese chicken (good value!), and tasty (soft and buttery) part bread. The skewers are so-so, sometimes they're a bit on the dry side and can be small.. but we always seem to get them. If you want authentic malay food, come here!
"Awesome first experience at Prata Man! I recently saw this restaurant featured by a local food blogger, and for some reason I thought it was a newly-opened hole in the wall, but little did I know this restaurant has been around for decades! It explains its homey depth of flavour and delicious recipes.

I went with 5 friends, so there were 6 of us in total. We made reservations because we were scared that the restaurant would fill up, aware of the fact that their famous Hainanese chicken has the potential to sell out. The decor is very old-fashioned, but I like places like this. It shows potential for great Asian food.

We ordered a good array of things to try, such as curry fish balls, roti with curry sauce, Mee Goreng, stir-fried Romain lettuce, one free-range Hainanese chicken, and one regular Hainanese chicken. Each whole chicken comes with 5 bowls of rice, so since we ordered two whole chickens, 6 of us had 10 bowls of rice to share.

The chicken was great! Definitely a strong contender for one of the best Hainanese chicken dishes in Greater Vancouver. The tender chicken and the sweet soy sauce that the chicken is served in was delicious. Their green onion and ginger dipping sauce was delicious as well! I'm not sure if it makes a difference, but the free-range chicken tasted better in my opinion. If you're going to go, you might as well spend the extra coin for chicken that has an overall better quality.

The Mee Goreng was amazing, too! The seasoning, the noodles, everything was delicious.

We were really pleased with everything we ordered. The prices are very reasonable, demonstrated by the fact that the bill only came to $15/each with tax and tip! We all left with happy, full bellies.

What I wanted to point out especially is the fact that their service was top-notch! Our server, whom I assume is the owner, was extremely diligent in providing our party with tea every time we needed a top-up, and was so kind to recommend us their best dishes. He had great enthusiasm and definitely made my 4-star review (in terms of food) into a 5-star one!"
Going to a family run restaurant always make me feel warm and cozy! It's a good restaurant to go to for quick singapore fix! I ordered the hainanese chicken and beef and chicken satay skewers. The Hainanese chicken came with rice and soup too. It was a really good deal for $7.50! But I have to say I have had better hainanese chicken elsewhere. The chicken meat wasn't as smooth as I expected. But I really liked the satay skewers. They are flavorful, tender and juicy and came with some really great satay peanut sauce!
"Thesis statement: Richmond has a lot of solid Asian eats, but I keep coming here because their quality is always consistent and their price is very fair. This is not a place to go for their ambience, but the customer service is always friendly, even on the phone when reserving a table or chicken (more on that later). Always get their Hainanese chicken!

There a few staples for me, the first is their milk tea. It has a strong coconut milk flavour and is silky smooth. I recommend the cold version.

Their curry beef rendang with roti is also a must-have. The brisket is super tender, the curry is more watery than your typical Indian curry and is flavourful without a lot of heat, and it goes great with the (seemingly) made-to-order roti. I usually dip the roti into the curry to soap up.

The star of this restaurant is their Hainanese chicken. Protip: If you want their free-range chicken version of this, be sure to call ahead and reserve either a half or whole chicken. The ladies on the phone are super nice about reservations. The half chicken comes with 3 bowls of rice, whole comes with 5. The chicken is deboned and very tender, goes great with the green onion sauce and sweet and sour sauce. The rice is chicken oil rice and is full of flavour too, made with just the right amount of water. I could eat this all the time. If you're just by yourself, try the one-portion chicken.

I'll be back for more to try the rest of their menu, but I just end up getting the same things again and again :)"
"This is probably and arguably the most affordable delicious singaporean and malaysian cuisine you will get in the lower mainland.

I come here for their hainanese chicken rice! Decided to review because they added a free range chicken option! wow! Their chicken rice comes with two kind of sauces, hainanese chicken and the chicken rice.

This place is great for groups because it has the option to order a full chicken that also gives you complimentary rice. Not only that, they also have beef or chicken or pork satay, sold by half dozens. Pork is my favourite.

This place is conveniently located and have lots of parking. Dont forget to bring cash cause its CASH ONLY."
"whenever you just want to eat as if you're eating at a friend's place, a friend whose mom makes really great Malaysian food, come to Prata Man.

Service is brisk and you get your food before you feel too faint with hunger from watching everyone tearing into Hainanese chicken and roti all around you.

Go with friends and bring $8 each and be amazed at how well you can eat! 

Love this place!"
"I come here for only 2 things: Hainanese chicken and chicken BBQ satays. The soup that comes with the Hainanese chicken is brothy and rich. The chicken is juicy and delicious, and portions are hunormous!! So nuff said on getting the best bang for your buck. 

Interiors are dingy and unkempt. But whatevs, I'm only here for the food."
"5 just because I want people to try it.

It's very hole-in-the-wall.

I always used to think they wanted to name themselves PRADA man but spelled it wrong. (Roti) Prata is the equivalent of Roti Canai.  

Their Hainanese chicken is the best I've had in Vancouver. Better than Cafe Dlite.

I remember it being $20 for an entire Hainanese chicken here. In reference a half Hainanese chicken at Banana Leaf is $17.

Their roti and curries are also quite good."
Love the hainanese chicken not the service.
"great boneless hainan chicken, 
good prata bread with flavourful curry brisket (SO MUCH BRISKET in sucha small bowl), 
but laksa was lacking.  
overall, i'm happy happy.  see!  it doesn't take much."
"Coffee foodies featuring another hidden gem, only this time it's not so hidden. We visit a little piece of Singapore today as we venture into Prata-man. Prata-man is not only a diamond in the rough, but also a dive. You will not find exceptional cutlery, comfortable chairs, nor out of this world customer service in terms of recommending the daily feature or featured wine list. Instead, you get simple tables, chairs, and chopsticks. The customer service goal is to get you the food relatively quick.

There are a couple of items that are must get from Prata-man and that's all I am focusing on. Also take note that there aren't 100 different choices in the menu. They stick to what they're good at.

As you can see, the interior is very minimal. It looks like they get chairs for the sole purpose of sitting and tables for putting food on it. There are wacky signs at the back wall to show the lunch specials as well.


Satay Skewers: Beef, Chicken, and Pork. The meet was barbecued towards crispy. The highlight is the peanut sauce, because they left huge peanut chunks for texture. Also want to note that the sauce is sweeter than the usual sauces from other restaurants.

Hainanese Chicken Rice: BONELESS! This is the reason I come to Prata-man. I wish all chefs in the world remove bones from chickens. They always have perfected executed chicken that is so smooth. If you never had this dish before, note that it's served cold. The ginger, green onion sauce and red chili sauce is good for both chicken and rice. Nancy always complains because I use too much sauce. What I didn't tell her is that I doubled dipped the sauce before we were dating. =)


Curry Beef Brisket with ""Prata-Bread"": The name of the name cracks me up. The Beef Brisket was soft. The last thing I want is rough / tough brisket. I can imagine it being braised in the curry for a long time. The curry wasn't too spicy. It also shared a subtle sweetness in it.

At the end of the day, this is Asian comfort food. Don't dress up to come here. Heck, where your sandals and PJ's, you would probably feel more at home. Through travels in Asia, a majority of food stalls are in outdoors setting. People sit on plastic stools or squat. Let's keep an open mind where we can pair the food to the ambiance"
This is a hole in the wall Malaysian restaurant with authentic spicing.  The quality is normally pretty good, but can be variable depending on the day.  Generally quite popular though. My favourites are their curries.
Cheap and delicious eats, need I say more?? You can get a half Haianese chicken meal for 2 for $15, rice and sauce included! Sometimes I actually drive all the way to Richmond just to do takeout here. There is ample room for in-dining seating, but I definitely prefer my living room over their dining area. If you're wanting something yummy and feel like taking it easy on the ol' wallet, come give them a try.
If you want a decent Hainanese Chicken Rice. This is one of the place you go to. The flavour of the chicken rice is not strong, however if you put a little of the black sauce that they provide for the chicken rice, it taste alright. What is good is the chicken, it is done right with a good consistency of what Hainanese chicken should be, I usually don't eat the skin but for this I cannot resist, under the chicken skin is a layer of gelatine between the skin & the flesh. The price is reasonable, for 1/2 a chicken (choice of non free range & free range). The free range cost a couple of dollars more. The 1/2 chicken order comes with 3 bowls of rice & 3 bowls of soup. There are other South East Asian dishes available, people appears to like their laksa. I however do not like the taste of it. I only go there for the Hainanese chicken rice. Another popular dish that I have seen ordered often is their satay. Staff is friendly & service & food is pretty good. Parking is adequate.
"A not so hidden, hidden gem! This place is truly a classic! The decor is sparse and rather lacking, but the food makes up for it! Actually, that's what I love about this place. It has a homey, unpretentious vibe, which I totally dig. I feel really comfortable here, there aren't any expectations, and you just feel right at home.

What keeps people coming back is the food! I've heard people complain about the portion sizes, but it's only the Hainanese chicken that is on the smaller side. The other dishes are all huge! The Hainanese chicken is indeed some of the best Richmond has to offer, so silky, juicy, and flavourful! The mixed skewers are awesome as well! The laska is alright, the portion size is large, but the broth is rather weak. 

I've heard mixed reviews about the service, but on the day that I went, I received wonderful service! The guy serving me was really polite, and had a huge smile on his face the entire time!"
A hole in the wall type place that has been around forever, I finally made it to try the hainanese chicken! Half a bird with three bowls of rice and soup for $15?? YES PLEASE. Two eaters, me and mom ordered this along with half a dozen skewers and a curry beef with prata. I think we did a pretty good job but there was more than enough for a second meal! The curry beef itself is quite oily (but thats expected) but the prata was amazing! it wasn't too doughy and nicely fried up. The chicken was also tender, smooth and delicious but the rice...oh my the rice...it was so fluffy and yummy! The skewers were also very good and weren't too tough. Overall, the food is greasy, yes, but it is really cheap and delicious too!
Great hole-in-the-wall restaurant for Hainanese chicken, but their other offerings of Malaysian and Singaporean dishes are tasty too. Don't expect anything fancy and you'll enjoy your meal. CASH ONLY.
Amazing curry beef, oil rice and prata.
"Came here for a much needed revisit with a few friends and we ordered the half hainanaese chicken with 3 bowls of rice and 3 bowls of soup. For $20, this was a delicious meal of soft and tender chicken and tasty rice! The only complaint is that the half a chicken seemed small but I was happy that it came with white meat and dark meat. Ontop of that, we got their roti with curry sauce. Their roti is very good staying light and flaky without being too oily! The curry sauce is also not too watery and had a good flavour to it! Service was also extremely courteous, friendly and efficient! The food comes really quickly and they are all sweet women that kindly explain the menu if needed! 

Overall, I would return anytime for some of that chicken!"
"This is a oldie but a goodie! Prata Man has been around richmond for YEARS and is still my family favourite places to go for chicken rice! You can choose either regular or free range chicken. I personally go for free range cause I find the meat more tender and not as ""mushy"". They are cash only ... and I find it hard cause I never carry cash with me. Pro tip: you can call in and hold an order of free range chicken in advance and they also appreciate you bringing your own container when you pick up!"
Their chicken rice and roti and curry are the best in town. This is my go-to when my girlfriend doesn't have particular preference.
Comfort food. We love getting take out from this family run joint in Richmond. Beautiful Hainanese chicken (free run chicken as well!).  Reminds me of my grammas version growing up. The oil rice beings me pleasant memories as well as the generous portion of ginger onion oil. The satay skewers are really good too. Come early so they don't run out!  Cash only
I really like the Hainanese Chicken, Beef Rendang, and Prata bread. Excellent for take out!
"Soft, smooth, and juicy chicken? YES PLEASE! Prata-man which has been known for their delicious hainanese chicken definitely lived up to it's reputation! We ordered roti and half a hainanese chicken which came with 3 bowls of rice and soup. Not only was the chicken very juicy and soft, the rice it came with was also filled with flavor and super yummy! The roti was very crispy, flaky,  and delicious as well. The staff were incredibly friendly and the restaurant gave off a family feel with its decor and setting. It almost feels like it's your aunt serving you food. Everything came out super quick too.

This restaurant gets super busy! If you don't want to stand in line for a spot, consider ordering take out. They have a take out menu that offers items for a cheaper price! 

Overall would definitely return for when I have those hainanese chicken cravings!"
"Prata-Man is a Malaysian restaurant run by a small family. They are famous for their signature Haianese Chicken paired with their Chicken Oil Rice. Alongside the chicken, their satay skewers and roti are very popular too! 

There is free parking, but it does fill up quick during dinner time. Also, there is usually a line up for dinner, so be prepared to wait!"
Omg this hidden gem found!!! Thanks to a local that lives in Vancouver that recommended us this spot. The price is great and their Hanian chicken is 9/10!!!! the chicken was delicious and tender, I love that the sauce is green onions with ginger mixed.. their side rice and soup hit the spot too!! The roti is nice and fluffy and the curry dip had a great consistency and dee-lishhhh.
I went to this place with my mom for lunch on a Saturday morning.It's a typical Asian cuisine cafe and nothing special in their decor. On that day, we ordered the Haninanese Chicken with Yellow Rice, Curry Beef with rice noodle and Roti. The Haninanese Chicken dish was good in taste. The meat is freshly prepared, well-seasoned and tender. The Yellow Rice was a great pair with the chicken. The Curry Beef was ok in taste. The curry was well-seasoned but it was water-down once they combined with the rice noodle. The Roti was great in taste. it was a thin battered pancake and I could tell it was made to order in a pan. Overall, this place wins most customer in the neighborhood and us. I will definitely try the other dishes for a different experience.
There's not much more I can say about this place other than if you have not been and love Malaysian food, you have to come. This place might look like a hole in the wall but I assure you it'll probably be the best chicken rice you'll ever have in Richmond! As they close early and sell out of chicken rice I recommend calling in advance to reserve so you don't come just being disappointed. Highly recommend!
"Prata-Man is a Malaysian restaurant located on Capstan Way in a small plaza. There is parking available but it can be quite busy but there is also residential parking really close by. This is a casual place to go to grab a quick meal-it is nothing fancy. However, don't judge the interior of the restaurant because I did enjoy their food.

We ordered the famous whole Hainanese Chicken rice combination, Curry beef, Prata bread and Fried prawn noodle. My favorite item was the Hainanese Chicken and rice because the rice is infused with the chicken goodness. The chicken was the perfect in texture and it was nicely flavored. I definitely recommend this item. The Curry beef was also really tasty with the prata bread. The Prata soaked up the sweet curry and the flaky texture complimented dish. I wished that the curry beef would include the prata because you had to order it separately. The last item was the Fried prawn noodles because the flavor was lacking and I didn't enjoy the different noodle sizes. 

Overall this place is affordable and their Hainanese chicken is definitely worth a try."
"A local food blogger posted a picture of hainanese chicken from this restaurant recently so it got me craving for some as well. Came here with a friend on a Friday night, luckily we got seats right away. Menus are on the wall so you have to grab it yourself, which means don't expect too much service from the staff. We ordered a whole hainanese chicken, and it came with five bowls of rice and some sort of ""soup"". The soup was a clear broth with a strong ginger taste. Drink it while it is hot because it tasted really weird when I left it out for too long.  

The hainanese chicken looked really good when it came. It was boneless and the meat was very tender. Unfortunately, it lacked the actual chicken flavour when eaten on its own. The soysauce underneath really helped add some flavour to the dish, along with the two complimentary sauces on the side. Maybe the free-range chicken option would be more flavourful? The rice was the traditional oily rice, which could never go wrong with hainanese chicken. We easily finished the five bowls of rice. At the end of the meal, we were really full.

This particular meal was relatively cheaper than other restaurants, considering the amount of chicken you get on one plate. Unfortunately we didn't have a chance to try other items on the menu, but we saw other diners having the satay and roti, which looked tasty too."
Ehh I felt like the chicken was way to greasy for me and I felt sick after eating, but I'm not a big fan of greasy and fatty foods. I liked the rice, but I felt like it could have been softer. I always wanted to try chicken and rice, so I am glad I got to try it. It was good, but not the best food I could imagine. It is very simple and homy.
"Prata Man Restaurant, where have you been hiding all this time? I love Malaysian food so of course I was ecstatic to try out this Richmond spot.It's located in the Oaks Plaza which houses a couple of other restaurants (Pho Han, Manzo Japanese Restaurant, TTOB and Kongee Dinesty).

I've been twice now; both times were for dinner. Service is no frills but they do bring you out tea and water.

Menu is short and sweet with a total of 28 items. Love it. A takeout menu is available that has slightly cheaper prices (you save ~$1.00 per dish).

Trip #1
First visit was on a Friday evening (around 7:30pm) and it was packed. We put our name on the waiting list but a table opened up fairly quick. 
- Hainanese chicken (#1) ($19.00 for half) - it comes with three bowls of chicken oil rice, ginger soup and two sauces (chili sour sauce and ginger green onion sauce). Chicken oil rice is bomb. I could eat two of these myself. The chicken was really good; tender and moist. Pretty sure 99% of the tables put in a chicken order. 
- BBQ satay (#4) ($10.00 for half dozen) - you can choose which meats you want but we tried all three (pork, beef and chicken). The skewers are minuscule but tasty. Dip into the peanut sauce and repeat.
- Prata bread with curry beef (#11) ($10.50) - beef was succulent and tender while still retaining a bite. The prata bread is perfect to dip into the curry sauce. There's a few pieces of potatoes floating around.
- Mee goreng (#22) ($9.50) - this looked like spaghetti to me when they dropped it off. The sauce is sweet (pretty sure they use ketchup). Noodles had a good bite but this was my least favourite dish. 

Trip #2
Second time, I came with a group of 5. Not busy on a Sunday evening (around 7:45pm).
- Free range Hainanese chicken (#2) ($32.00 whole) - we got the last order for their chicken. This one is the fancier/baller option of the two and came with 5 bowls of rice. Delicious. The ginger soup was full of ginger flavour.
- Curry fish ball & fish maw (#10) ($6.25) - it's more of an appetizer dish but good. Five pieces of fish balls and maw (mainly a texture thing).
- Roti with curry sauce (#12) ($6.25) - roti was hot, crispy and fluffy. Perfect dipped in their curry sauce. Always get an order!
- Baku teh (#15) ($9.50) - another staple that I love but their BKT wasn't memorable. You only get two small portions of ribs and a bowl of steamed rice. Broth was medicinal but not in an enjoyable way. 
- Laksa (#16) ($9.50) - this is why I came for a second visit. Laksa came with a hard boiled egg, chicken, bean sprouts, tofu puffs and noodles. Laksa is my favourite but this one was different; broth wasn't that tasty and lacked in depth and complexity. The hunt for good laksa continues. 
- Mee goreng (#21) ($9.50) - someone at our table wanted this. Again, my least favourite dish of the night. 

Finally found a solid Malaysian spot! Stick with their Hainanese chicken. Cash only."
"Away from the main eat streets of Richmond, Prata Man situates itself in an unsuspecting strip but their Hainanese Chicken is a major suspect in a case of being a smooth criminal of flavour and texture.

Upon entering the restaurant, it has 5-6 tables and the place looks a little run down and it gives a it's-about-the-food-and-we're-not-here-to-impress-you-with-our-interior-decorating-skills kind of vibe. Especially when you can see a wall stacked with miscellaneous tissue boxes, sauces, ketchup, etc...

I really enjoyed how the menu had a picture of all the items on the menu, especially if you don't eat Singaporean food often. My group of 5 shared:

Whole Hainanese Chicken (comes with soup and rice for 5 people): The highlight of my dinner. The chicken was tender, flavorful and (never knew I'd say this for meat but I agree with the term SILKY!), the skin was soft and slippery, and with no bones, it was truly a wonder to eat. Along with the green onion, garlic, oil sauce and sweet chili sauce... it added even more flavour punches if your weren't already down and out in yumminess. There was plenty of oily rice in the bowl and it had a subtle chicken flavour.

Note: Originally the woman said it'd take 40 minutes for the chicken to be prepared, we were so hungry but we came for the chicken so we said okay. Luckily it only took 20 minutes instead! We arrived at 7pm on a Saturday - when we left at 8ish, I heard the lady tell another table they had no more chicken!

Prata Bread with Beef Currie: I was really rooting for some roti but it was Prata Bread instead. I wanted it to be folded layers of chewiness with a crisp exterior but instead it was slightly chewy, flat and on the greasy side. Sad face, but the Beef Currie was a good sized bowl packed with huge chunks of tender meat (a little fatty though) and tons of flavour with a medium kick of heat. 

Me Goreng: If you know me, I love ketchup. The noodles were ketchup goodness! However, the tofu that was part of this dish was really dry and super salty.

Satays: We tried a mix of 6 - Pork, Beef and Chicken. Chicken was definitely the better of the three. The peanut satay sauce it came with was full of sweet and nutty flavour, really good! I enjoy pickled vegetables and was happy to see a good number of slices given, versus other places leaving just minimal slices.

Overall, I was really satisfied with my meal and we were all stuffed full. To top off a great meal, the service was really nice too! The woman working there was quick with taking orders, topping up our cups with tea, clearing our plates and getting the bill. Also, goodbyes and thanks you before we leave the door is welcomed customer appreciation. I'll be hearing thank you's more often, because I know I'll be back for more Hainanese chicken!"
"This is as 'hole in the wall' as a Richmond restaurant can get. Mind you, they have very good boneless (yes!) Hainese chicken with rice combos, and other delicious Malaysian cuisine. Satays, Mee Goreng, Malaysian fried rice, roti, and curries. 

I never dine in, and always do take out. Call ahead of time as they are usually very busy. 

Located in a little strip mall with free parking. 

Simple, delicious dishes, and I can always get my Malaysian fix here."
"This place brings back memories for me so my visits are always nostalgic and enjoyable. Prata Man is all about simplicity - no fancy decor, just straight up good Hainanese Chicken at a good price paired with friendly service. My family and I felt very welcome here and looking around the restaurant, we can tell everyone dining there was enjoying their meal. We will definitely return.

From the menu, I love the hainanese chicken, hainanese rice and satay skewers the most! I always know I can rely on getting a no fuss delicious meal. Not only that, but it's quite photogenic, too! 

Let's face it, this place is a bit worn down and cluttered and therefore may not have the best ambiance for a date but it sure is great for family lunches and dinners because everyone leaves happy, including your wallet.

A little tip for you: Prata Man is in a complex with many other restaurants. Expect a busy parking lot during lunch or dinner hours, so perhaps try to go a little later to miss the rush."
"Wow can't believe I haven't left a review for this place yet! My go-to spot for hainanese chicken and rice. It's pretty cheap too compared to mamalees.

Best chicken rice in van... very meaty and tender, and very authentic taste for the sauces. They do have free range chicken too, but in my opinion, the original chicken is better.

Roti is also good here. They also serve other Singapore/Malay dishes like ba ku teh & various curries, but those are just ok. The curries are very strong in flavor

Do try their barley drink tho. It's good!"
"A family favourite mom n' pop. It's a very casual buzzing hole in the wall. I was just here on a weekday evening and it was busy! There was one harried but very friendly and efficient server. 
Their home-style Hainanese chicken is great with the ginger green onion oil. One of the best satay barbecue sticks in the city!"
"Ah, prata-man! Oh the irony that people don't usually come here for the prata (since it's not very good, really oily and not too pleasant). 

The chicken and skewers however... they are good! Why the three stars? Well, really the ONLY thing that is good about this place is the food. If you want nice ambiance, service and all that jazz... don't go here. They do takeout so you could bring it home, set up that candlelight dinner table and *pretend* that you made the delicious chicken. The food is not only good, it's plentiful - unlike other hainanese chicken places (cough cough, Cafe d'Lite) where portion sizes are ridiculously small and prices are sky high, prata-man serves good mom and pop made food at reasonable prices. 

Take my advice - don't order the prata and you should be okay."
Not my favorite place for hainanese chicken but it's still a very good alternative and cheap if you want something quick and filling with great value in Richmond. Usually order the roti canai with mee goreng, hainanese chicken rice and soup.
"One of my favourite spots in town for Singaporean food. Nothing screams authenticity more than a hole in the wall hidden gem that serves good Hainanese chicken and curry beef. While this isn't the best Singaporean food I've ever had, I'd say they do a solid job that keeps me coming back. I'd also recommend ordering take out as this location is a bit run down or more appropriate for a quick meal.

[Items Tried]

*MUST TRY* Free Range Hainanese Chicken (5/5) - $20
Taste: The chicken is their most popular dish at Prataman. I would recommend the free range over the normal Hainanese chicken as it has more of a flavourful chicken taste with a darker yellow skin. I really enjoy their chicken because the meat is always fresh and the soya sauce seasoning of the chicken seeps into the meat itself. We ordered half the chicken which was served with two bowls of soup, two bowls of rice, and green onion ginger oil & chili sauce on the side. Everything pairs together deliciously in this combo. The soup was a tad salty.
Portion Size: Good for 2-3 people to share.

*MUST TRY* Curry Beef (S) (4/5) - $12
Taste: Whenever I eat Hainanese chicken, I always have to order curry along with it - the reason for this is curry sauce drizzled on top of the Hainanese chicken oil rice is 100% perfection - trust me, you'll have to give it a try. The curry tastes good, I would have liked the sauce to be a tad bit thicker. The beef on the other hand was well flavoured and tender and just the right ratio between fattiness and meat.
Portion Size: Good for 2 people to share

[Value for Money]

I think of Singaporean food synonymously with Prata Man. The reason why is because they provide really good, homey meals at a reasonable price point and as a result, I would highly recommend this establishment to anyone."
"Cheap Singaporean-Chinese Restaurant in Richmond. Have always wanted to check and try this place out, but they were never open on the day(s) that my family and I wanted to check out and eat there. 

Finally, we went on a Sunday evening and they were open! Yay! We ordered the Mee Goreng, Hainanese Chicken with rice, and one order of the Roti. They were all very delicious. 

The Mee Goreng ($6.50) was a good portion. Good flavours, a little on the greasy side, but overall, very good. Would highly recommend anyone wanting Singaporean Mee Goreng, to try it here at Prata Man. 

The Hainanese Chicken was also very good. The chicken itself was tender, and flavourable. They provided soup with a little big of ginger, asw well as the sauce for the chicken. If you're into Hainanese chicken, then this place does it pretty good too. Check it out. 

The Roti wasn't anyting special. It's pretty much the same as any other place that serves Roti Canai with the sauce. They do serve it in larger portions however here, or at least larger than most other places we've tried where they've served Roti Canai at. 

The ambiance isn't anything special to write home about. Pretty plain, and they owner(s) did not put any thought into the ambiance at all. 

The price is pretty good. If you want a good deal on the food, Prata Man is a good place to start for that. The Mee Goreng was $6.50, the Hainanese Chicken was on the pricier side at $17 for a half order, or free range option is $18. The Roti with Curry Sauce was $5.50. The price is decent for a restaurant like this. Not bad. 

Service was okay. They had 1-2 waitresses that served the entire restaurant. If they were busy (lots of customers) could be hard to get their attention, but when we went, the service was fine. 

Location wise. It will be ""close"" to the future Captsan Canada Line Skytrain station. Walking would be, maybe 10-15 min from where the station is supposed to be at (closer to No. 3 Road). But in and around the area, the next closest station would be Bridgeport Station, and that is even further away. So transit in terms of Skytrain not really an option at the moment. You can take a bus here, but I'm not sure how frequent the bus service is. Most convenient way to get here is to drive. There is a lot of parking available, because Prata Man does share their parking in a complex with other businesses. 

In short. We recommend Prata Man to try! 

My breakdown: 
Food 4/5
Service 3.5/5
Ambiance 1.75/5
Price 3.75/5
Location 3/5"
yummy!!! reasonably priced wings are a little different but fried rice is good. The egg rolls are delicious also....I recommend to give a try!!!
"The menu has 4 or 5 pages. My first glance seemed to see traditional westernized dishes, but with both oriental and English names.

I ordered a mango milk tea, pot stickers steamed, and triple meat Singapore noodles.
The tea was more,warm than cold but not to warm on this exceptionally hot day. The mango flavor was appropriately restrained.

The dumplings came out with a wonton for me to taste. The wonton skin was crispy and the cream cheese soft and flavorful.

The steamed poke pot stickers were delicately flavored and the right temperature

The Singapore noodles are spicy just as I like them, with egg, peppers, shrimp, sprouts, chicken, and pork I think, and other veggies etc.  Delicious."
"Haven't been here in about 5 years. The reason we came is because we drove all this way to get Shiro but it was closed on Victoria Day so we came here instead. I used to live across the street so came here often 2001-2004 but I know things aren't always the same as chefs change etc. 

We came in and it was packed. The restaurant was full with tons of larger groups. We thought we'd have to wait but we were seated immediately. 

Here's a breakdown of the dishes:

- mango salad was delicious. I wish there was more lettuce on it because there was a very generous portion of mango. The dressing was like a runny version of a Thai chili sauce and we thought it worked well with the sweetness of the mango and gave the lettuce a lift in regards to flavor. 

- hot and sour soup was SO good. I could have it all day long. 

- stir fried mixed veggies (okra, beans and eggplant) in sambal sauce with some squid. Delicious. Not as greasy as the one at Banana Leaf so that was nice. 
 
- hainanese chicken was the 2nd worst I've had in the city. I didn't even remember my review until I checked in on yelp and saw that I gave a similar low rating for it. Too late, I already ordered it by then :( I wouldn't get it again. So bland.

- nasi goreng was greasier than the one at Banana Leaf and it wasn't as flavorful though it was much darker in color than the one at Banana Leaf. Nonetheless still good but I just didn't like how the rice fell apart and didn't remotely stick at all. 

Overall a delicious meal. I'd avoid the hainanese chicken and nasi goreng in the future, but happily order other things as the menu is expansive."
"Food: 4/5
Service: 4/5
Price: 3/5
Overall: 3.5/5

So i've literally been coming here for almost 10 years. This used to be my favorite restaurant in Vancouver. The service was always great/attentive, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere was fine. But on this most recent visit, it's gone downhill. The food portions have gone down, and the taste is still awesome but somehow isn't the same. I've tried more than half of their extensive menu so here are a few of my favorites:

1. Chicken curry: super savory and unique compared to other curries I've had. Great with their garlic rice.

2. Beef or pork satays: the peanut sauce this comes with is to die for. Flavor is awesome and its super tender. Just a little pricey.

3. Prawn cakes: once again a little pricey but amazing flavor, comes with a great sweet chili sauce, and just delicious

4. Deep fried tofu: they use this really thin crunchy batter that's not like a tempura batter but more like just breading it with breadcrumbs, idk how they do it. But the batter is so flavorful and they use soft tofu. This dish is AMAZING.

5. Laksa: standard, but the ingredients they use (chicken, egg, fish tofu) is above avrg. The broth is super satisfying.

6. I forgot the name, but it's a fish covered with a paste made of ground up dried shrimp and other spices. It is such a unique flavor 

I can go on forever about other dishes, but honestly try anything and you can't really go wrong."
Ok so I like the pineapple fried rice here. They have a good virgin drink with pineapple, also. However, last time I went with my boyfriend, the eggplant we ordered, it was such a small serving for $18. At first we thought, for that much, it must be a big serving of eggplant and we will have leftovers, etc. However, we really did not, we thought it was over-priced for what we ate. The satay meat was tasty.
I only had the seafood laksa for lunch, but it was divine. My friend had the Singapore laksa (the same broth, but with chicken as well) and enjoyed it. I'll be going back again for this soup!!
Pretty decent. Their fried rice dishes always satisfy. Most dishes are modest in serving size, not overly generous but pretty flavorful. Servers have been attentive and polite.
"Service is ok, restaurant is cute, but food is REALLY good southern-asian afternoon tea...exotic southern asian (malay, singaporean, indian, etc) style comfort foods, like sauteed noodles, seafood, fried rices...many with lots of coconut milk (YUM!!!!).  there's even coconut rice on the side.  All served if you like with british-style tea, even yummier!

NEVER crowded, but i've never been to the other tropikas, i can't help but eat till i'm stuffed everytime i come here!!  Another must-do when i am in vancouver, but better to bring more people so you can try more dishes, or you can definitely take home leftovers.

(4.25 stars)"
"After all these years, they still got it.  

The reservation is well taken care of.  Note that there are evenings when they're booked up quickly.  This time, however, it was a slower night with tables readily available for those with no reservations. 

Our favorites there are satays, roti, shrimp cake, curry lamb, pad thai, and coconut seafood fried rice. Occasionally, we'll add some fish and chicken, but the above are our ""staple items"". 

Service is usually good, with lots of waiters/waitresses running around. They refill your water and even change your plates once in a while. 

Do try their warm desserts if you have room left after your meal.  Their mo mo cha cha and black bean (aka black glutinous rice) are both awesome.  Just sweet enough, creamy, succulent, and quite satisfying."
"I came here last minute. I was looking through my Entertainment Book for a restaurant close to me. Tropika was the closest restaurant to me that could fit me in at 8:30 pm on a Saturday. I have never been here before. I arrived and they were very busy. The decor made me feel like I was away in Asia. Service was attentive. Wait staff were all men in shirts and ties.

I have had lots of Chinese and Thai food, but never Malaysian. I was surprised at how similar the curries were to Thai. The food was fresh, spicy and very tasty.

I really enjoyed the food and service. The wine is cheap. I had a nice bottle of wine for $35. The fried banana and ice cream desert was fantastic.

I really like this restaurant and can't wait to go back. I crave this food right now!

Prices are very cheap! I can't believe how good this place is!"
"Roti canai was OK. Mee goreng tastily good but nothing that I will remember as out of this world. Some meat in the satay skewers a bit tough to chew.

The servers were all male and they were all so attentive I love the service here! Table setting and ambience is very nice too has an elegant touch to it. Nice place for a relaxed dinner."
I have been eating here for over 20 years! I still find it to be the best Singapore/Malaysia/Indonesia restaurants in the town.  You should give it a shot if you haven't!
"good service
good food/one of the better in the franchise
family friendly
parking is a hassle
average price for quality/ good for sharing
if I had to choose 1 dish: samba eggs
would I go back? yes"
"Impressive place. Get there during off hours for best service.
The clams were sauced nicely. Tender satay. The other dishes were wonderfully spiced and spicy as well. Would not hesitate to return."
The other half and I come here once a year with our entertainment book coupon.  The food is incredibly delicious, the service is very good and fast.  The only downside is that it is quite pricey.  Otherwise, we are always excited to come here.
I ate here once and had a very good experience. The place is cozy and the food is yummy. I don't recall anything bad about the service so I gladly give them 5 stars.
"Definitely a pretty good Malaysian restaurant that lives up to the chain's name.

Granted I am not a Malaysian native thus my tastes and palette may be different than those.  

The price is what ballparks my rating as only 3 stars.  

We were a party of 5 (3 guys and 2 ladies) and needless to say we can pack it in...thus was on the pricier end.  An order of 2 rice dishes, 2 noodles dishes, curry, 2 orders of beans..and other assortments surmounted to a total of around 9 dishes and 2 shared desserts.  Nonetheless the food was good especially the curry.

In summary this is an ok restaurant that is a bit on the pricier side.  Plenty of street parking is available nearby is a plus.  Service is ok in the sense that they appeared to be undermanned given the size and how busy it gets. 

I wouldn't choose to go here every week or have it become my ""goto"" Malaysian restaurant, but once in awhile this would be an ok selection."
"Busy on a Sunday night. Good food. Weak cocktails. Attentive waitstaff.

Try the Assam Seafood hot pot. The prawns calamari and clam was fresh. I didn't like the vegetable curry dish we also ordered which tasted like bland Indian style curry. It looks like people go for the KL crab which is a king crab topped with dry shrimp."
Decent food, even some really amazing items on the menu.  Outrageous pricing for what you are getting.  Try your luck on good service vs slap service depending on the visit.
"Tropika on Cambie is a family place, tucked away in what is, comparatively speaking, a more suburban area. It features the same flavours and spices as its other counterparts, minus the attitude of its downtown location.

Advertising itself as a Malaysian and Thai restaurant, it consistently delivers. Traditional dishes like Tom Yam soup, Pad Thai and green curry were present. Generally, most of the dishes seemed authentic (fresh tumeric, lemongrass and lime begin to tease the olfactory organs upon entry) however the heat doesn't come anywhere near to what would be on-hand at any street vendor in both Kuala Lumpur and Bangkok. At the very least, though, you don't have to worry about exhaust fumes adding another dimension of flavour to your food, unlike what is regularly seen on Kao San Road."
"Been coming for years, they are a staple. Service is superior, food is superior, pricing is very reasonable. Food is authentically well spiced without reaching sweat-level hot. It's true the decor could use updating, but I'm pretty sure decor is low on the priorities list of anyone going to an Asian restaurant in Vancouver.

Locals love about the Roti Canai with good reason, it is value-priced and delicious. But the Radish Cake is a lovely and overlooked delicacy too. 

Pro tip: Two entrees, a Roti Canai, and side bowl of ginger rice will feed two average sized hungry Vancouverites, with even some leftovers. Entertainment Book 2015 coupon gets you buy-one-get-one entree up to $14."
Service by the waiters are very attentive and friendly . Pork ribs are very meaty but not consistent in flavour. Very good one time and not as good second.  Oxtail - do not order - they either do not have it or if they do , very tough -  using coupons not very flexible - be sure to call first . - had a free roti coupon- expired 1.5 months - would not make exception and honour it. - had a entertainment coupon - would not honour it  because it was ST. Patrick's Day  Since when was ST. Patrick's day a major holiday (not offence to my Irish Friends )
Damian loved this place!! Their mixed noodles plate.. (forgot the name, but I have a picture ) was delicious!! We ate the whole thing up. The service was great!! Our waitress was very attentive. The only thing I didn't care for was their peanut sauce. It actually is the worst one I have tasted and I love to taste peanut sauces everywhere. Their lamb satay was great!! Overall a good experience. ( a bit on the pricey side)
"We have been few times here, and we repeat, that means we like it. But it is not outstanding, and because of the price as well as the food is always hit and miss, I wouldn't give them 4 stars.
The service is good, sometimes in rush when closing time is coming, which is a little bit uncomfortable for the customers. 
Love the seafood coconut rice, our favourite dish here, together with the eggplant with dry prawns. However, the eggplant is not always the same, and sometimes it has a big lack of flavour. When it is good, it is very good!
The Mee Goreng is something you should avoid here.
About the price, it is pricey compared with other Malaysian or Indonesian restaurants. Tropika has a larger menu, but as I said, you have to pick the right things to be happy at the end of your meal."
"Two words: KL Crab.  That's it. I would go back just for that.
Great for groups, great service! Get there early (ie: by 6pm on weekends to avoid the lineup)"
Just walked back from there to the B&B where we're staying around the corner. Fabulous! I had a wonderful lamb curry, she had incredible calamari. We started with fried soft shell crabs with a dry Thai curry that was house made. We couldn't help but notice that on a busy Friday night we were the only Caucasians there...maybe that means nothing, but it was noteworthy. Highly recommended.
"We used to go to Tropika all the time in Edmonton. The food there was great. We were pleased to discover that there were two Tropika's in Vanouver, and we decided to go to this one on Cambie. Our overall experience here was OKAY.

Iced coffee- I had a Matay Dark Iced Coffee. I had two because hubster did not want his. Both drinks were sweet-ish but watered down. Nothing special.

Satay- Good. Came with peanut sauce

Roti- It was okay. The sauce that came with it was watery.

Tom Ka Gai- Soup was good but not worth $19.95. I'll never pay for overpriced soup again.

Indonesian Spring Rolls- Decent but not as good as the ones I've eaten at other Tropikas.

Kari Kambing- the flavors and sauce were on point. This is Tropika's lamb curry dish but the meat was chunky and tasted more like beef pot roast.

Coconut Rice- I asked for coconut rice to go  with the currry dish. The rice had NO FLAVOR. It was plain regular rice.  I asked for a side of coconut rice to go. When I got into the ride I tasted it to make sure it was coconut rice and it wasn't. The rice had a strong chicken stock flavor. NO COCONUT.

Dessert- Only thing that was good. We had the Panda (black sesame gelato with vanilla icecream in the center) and the Pear (hazelnut icecream shaped as a pear and dipped in chocolate).

Customer Service- 4/5

As I said, it was just OKAY here. Nothing exceptional. We might come back one day just to try the K. L. Krab dish."
"*3.5 stars*

Great family restaurant.  Large enough to accommodate big groups and the more people to share with means more variety!

Always start with some roti canai.  These savoury flaky Malaysian bread are puffy and served with a thin curry sauce and should not be missed. One order comes with 1 so make sure you order enough! I like to have a whole one to myself.

Also tried the Char Kway Teow which is the fried flat rice noodles with some egg, fish cake and bean sprouts.  Love the flavours in here...some soy sauce, shrimp paste and chili for some spice.  

They also have different drink specials every day for those who are always thirsty."
"Reservations are definitely recommended for weekend (evening) dinner plans. Service was good, they work efficiently in taking orders, changing plates that are full, re-assuring that your water glasses are always full and that the food is in good quality. The food usually tastes great. It can be slightly overpriced for some of their portions (not all). 

They didn't get 5 stars for this visit due to having found hair in my daughters drinking glass. They also ""politely"" rushed us out by constantly asking if we were ""done yet"" - probably due to having others waiting at the door; which I found rude. We made proper reservations for 9 people and deserve to eat comfortably without feeling rushed."
"Decent place for the price but the food is not authentic Malaysian. We ordered the satay to start, sambal clams, kangkung and deep fried pomphret fish.

The satay itself was tasty but peanut sauce was lacking flavour and spice. Most disappointing dish was the sambal clams which had NO sambal in it at all more like a plain stir fry. Not a single hint of heat in it. Maybe you guys should rename the dish and not deceive your customers? 

The kangkung was great up until the point we found a strand of hair in it. Fish was okay and the serving was plentiful. 

Overall its not bad but not great either. Their service was on point and everyone there was helpful and friendly. But still not enough to make me go back especially when there are more authenthic Malaysian restaurants out there."
"This place used to be packed all the time, but now it can't even fill half the restaurant during lunch or dinner. I think that speaks volumes.

The food is priced well and the portions match about the size of what you'd expect for what you're paying which is nice.  Now to the actual food part of the review:

- Tom Yum Goong (or however they spell it there) is delicious but it's not as good as some authentic Thai restaurants. But overall it's really good.

- Hai nan chicken is not as good as it used to be so that was really disappointing.

- Pad thai was pathetic. I've had pad thai in a lot of places and this is probably one of the worst ones Vancouver has to offer. I wouldn't get it again.

- Deep fried shrimp cakes were tasty. I could eat it all day long.

- Nasi goreng is something that I personally think is difficult to muck up, so it's no surprise it was decent here. Their chicken and salted fish fried rice is the best though, but not for those who can't tolerate ""fishy"" tastes if that makes sense. 

The service was decent but not outstanding, but I don't come here for the service so I don't think it's something worth complaining about."
"Again Malaysian food, but I actually enjoy ordering their ""skewers"", ""jumbo prawns"" & ROTI :)"
"We decided to go here on a Friday evening to try, as we hadn't really spent a lot of time in the Cambie Village area.  Upon arriving we had a brief, but expected wait for a table and then were seated. The place is nice, has a pretty good atmosphere that is comfortable enough that you can relax and enjoy your meal.

Their fancy (non alchoholic) drinks are pricey $4-6 but well crafted and worth enjoying at least one of to complement your meal. The menu is large but not too large to be confusing, and there is something on the menu for just about everyone. Being Vegetarians we naturally stuck to those options, but the carnivore food we saw coming out looked equally as appealing. 

We ordered the Gado Gado (large) $8.50  which when it arrived we remarked we could have easily shared the salad with some roti and called it a meal. Generous portions, spot on flavours and great presentation - WIN.  Roti was hot, soft and just the right amount of sweetness in the aftertaste.

Next was the pad thai - we were already almost too full from the gadogado, but tucked in and enjoyed the flavours, a little different than other pad thai dishes we've had, kind of almost tomatoey. Different but good nonetheless. We had so much food left over we had enough for a meal the following day. 

The service also was excellent with the staff very friendly and operating as a team ensuring orders and plates got out to the tables quickly, and the food came quickly each course.  

If you are in the mood for Malaysian/Thai food and are in the Cambie corridor area, its totally worth checking out. Prices are reasonable and the food is well made."
"I'm not sure how authentic this place is but the food was pretty tasty.  We tried the sambal bunchies, which was delicious but I have never had asian green beans, that were not.  The Roti Canai was amazing.  Worth going back for that alone.  I could have made my whole meal out if this.  Reminds me of the buss up shut trinidadian style roti, but sweeter.  Delicious.

We also tried the seafood hot pot, pad thai, some kind of beef stew, and the fried hokkien mee.  The noodles and beef stew were really good, pad thai alright, but I didn't really like the sauce on the hot pot.  Almost tasted like an indian curry, which I do like, but maybe didn't like this one, as I was expecting something different?  

Overall, the food was pretty good.  

The service was extremely good, which was a nice bonus."
"I have been to Tropika many times; however, it has been a very long time since my last visit. One of the reasons I stopped going was because I found the waiters very curt. I don't mind higher prices food if it is good quality and the ambience, which includes the service, matches.

This time, we had a much better time. The food was very good. We had the green beans, the lamb curry, and the lemon chicken. We also had it with the famous coconut rice. For dessert, we had deep friend banana with vanilla ice cream. Everything was very good. The food came out quickly and the waiters were nice. They filled our water many times and made sure to top off our beer when it looked low. 

What brought me back into the restaurant is that Tropika has become a Lyoness member, so I get cash back with my purchase. I can't really pass up a deal, so I decided to give the restaurant another chance, and I'm very glad I did. 

I will definitely be back!"
"I have an Asian wife, therefore I've been granted expert status on Asian cooking, or so at least I tell people. Tropika is as good as any place in Vancouver for Southeast Asian cooking. It's not Thai, it's not Chinese, it's really more Malay (but not Peranakan). Anyway enough of the whitey education lesson. Tropika is great food, good service and reasonable prices.  Plus it's generally filled with Asians, so you know the foods going to be good. 

Get the Bunchies (Sambal Green Beans), it's the best thing on the menu. Roti is tops, as is the satay and any noodle dish (obviously). Coconut rice served in a coconut is fantastic too. I argued with the rest of the group as to the quality of the chicken red curry. I said it was a little substandard, I'm also a white male, whereas they are not.  Therefore my opinion on the matter was acknowledged and dismissed.

Great place, i can't decide which is better here or Banana Leaf."
Like the food over here especially the crab dishes. We find Roti and pineapple fried rice quite average but everything else is good. The place is normally busy and service could be slow. P.S. Parking can be hard to find.
"Let me start off by saying...boy, was I impressed with the crab I had here - it was flavorful, a bit spicy for my taste buds, but overall just a unique and tasty preparation with crunchy bits that leave a garlicky and savory after taste.  My honey seems to disagree with me a bit in that he feels the flavor was only ok, and overall it was not very satisfying.  He thinks the Chinese salt & pepper crab we had at xxx (can't remember name of restaurant inside Aberdeen Center) was much better.  

I was disappointed with the pineapple fried rice and the satay was lackluster.  I liked the Roti, but not everyone enjoyed it. The accompanying sauce was so watery, it didn't seem to go together at first, then the flavors came together in my mouth.

I loved the stir-fried veggies we ordered. It was just simple Asian veggies but the sauce was delicious.  I would usually think it is a bit too salty but for some reason, I just kept eating and eating and eating it.  

I come here each time I visit Vancouver because my cousins seem to really enjoy the food here.  For me, it's alright, nothing spectacular, but not terrible that I would discourage my cousins from taking me."
Not sure where all the low ratings are coming from because I'm a fan! Lunch menu - Beef brisket curry and roti canai. I thought this was pretty tasty and good value for a lunch. Brisket was tender, flavourful, and good cuts instead of being fatty or full of tendon. I'm not a roti expert but.... This roti canai here though was pretty high up there for me, I thought it was flakey and light and chewy, and not overly greasy. Pricing was good too and I left happy!
"My bf and I finally gave this place a go! We started off with the Indonesian spring rolls which i have to say were honestly the tastiest spring rolls I have ever had. We then had some chicken curry puff, which i was so so on simply because I'm not big into potatoes, but the bf loved it. 
We then had the home-style chicken which was yummy and the rendang lembu which I could not get enough of! 
The service was very friendly and quick! Try them out"
"We were looking for authentic Indonesian and we though we would give tropika a try.

Whatever type of food.. Indonesian, Malaysian or Singaporean, the food and service was excellent. I will be about the 100th person to say the roti is definitely worth a try."
"Been here many times. The food is good, and the service is good as well. I've never been disappointed. They know how to make that crab taste better than anyone else. You want to eat crab, it has to be cooked Malaysian style. 

From what I've heard from ""actual Malaysians"" this place is quite authentic."
"Be sure to get the Hainan rice if possible.  Nothing like eating a nice steaming bowl of rice coated with chicken fat.

Also be sure to eat the turnip cake (appetizer).  This is not what you normally get at dimsum.  Not at all.  My friends and I always get this staple.

Really can't get enough of this place."
"The food here is more Indonesian rather than Malaysian.  The service area is pretty big and can take quite a few guests at a time.  Parking is a bit of an issue as there is only street parking.  We ordered the Gado Gado, chicken satay, Kari Ayam, curry puff, and Roti.  The Gado Gado was very fresh and the chicken satay sauce quite authentic.  The Kari Ayam was very spicy (pedas)!

In the end we had enough left overs to make a killer curry fried rice the next day!  In all, the food is ok relative to the many Malaysian food restaurants in Vancouver.  Not over the top great but not bad either."
"I came here on a Friday night and it was PACKED...hence i had big expectations.   The fact that it was so packed didn't bother me because this restaurant does have a nice flow.  

We ordered:  

-Fresh young coconut: it had the PERFECT taste-not too sweet. probably what I enjoyed the most.  a MUST try.  

-Crab: RECOMMENDED!-  but should be remembered that it takes skill to get the meat out (Saying that because I look like a complete viking doing this)  This item not recommended for a hot date.   

-Green Beans: Nothing special.  Too greasy for my taste.

-Nasi Goreng:  I have never been to Indonesia so I don't really know what authentic nasi goreng is .....but it didn't have the usual egg and satay...also it was REALLY greasy and salty which killed it.

-Pad Thai:  Mediocre at best.  Nothing special.

Oh well.  The server was VERY attentive, friendly and had GOOOD attitude...even came often to refill our water- man this guy should win an award.  

it was $100 for four people which was reasonable.  

If you like food on the greasy side,  Tropika is for you.   Will I come back?  I'll give it another try.

It's not those romantic date places where you'd wear your sexy small dress but good for dressy-casual gatherings, or family dine outs."
Service was pretty good. Seated right away and friendly staff. Ordered home style chicken and Kari Liam ( not quite sure) curry. Food came in a reasonable amount of time and was hot and nicely presented. The curry tasted good but they cook bone in chicken and there were lots of small bones in it. I got s stomach ache afterwards and I think it might be because the chicken in the curry had the skin on and my digestive system doesn't do well with excessive amounts of fat. I would say that this place is okay.
"This was my first time at this Tropika location.  Doesn't look like much from the outside, but it's fine inside. I went at 5pm on a Monday, so didn't get affected by the busy = bad service that others have mentioned. 

We got our usual Tropika picks:
 + Hainanese Cold Chicken
 + Roti
We tried for the first time:
 + K. L. Crab (What does that stand for?)
 + Fried Hokkien Mee (noodles)
 + I don't know what it's called, but the green beans with some prawns

I'm surprised no one has mentioned the drinks -- I tried the pineapple one before, and it was good. They have other interesting drinks, like lychee and coconut. It's true I didn't get around to them this time.

The menu has large photos of half the items! I love that, especially because I don't know what the names mean."
Food was great, could have added more chicken but the fried rice was on point and the salad with the sauce was very delicious.
I like the food at Tropika but the services are sometimes not too great! I am a regular customer and I enjoyed their food because it's really yummy and great flavours but I am sometimes not so happy about the services because I want to be service like it worth my money! Customer service is really important because if I'm not happy I wont be back even thought the food are great! So I hope they can improve their services so everyone can enjoy good food and walk out smiling!
It has been many years since I've been here.  I remember liking it a lot.  However, I was disappointed this time.  I was disappointed that they didn't have any local beers, the roti was flat and completely unflaky, and my prawn hot pot was only OK, not the delicious rich flavours you would normally expect.  If you think you'll be ordering something that needs a knife to cut, I recommend you bring one from home.  Their knives are disfunctional.
GREAT food. I've been to the Tropika in Richmond and the food is so poorly cooked it doesn't even compare to the Tropika in Vancouver. The rendang beef is cooked perfectly and it's so tender. The skewers, roti canai, pad thai and spring rolls were also very tasty. I will only ever visit the Vancouver location.
As one of the longer standing malaysian restaurants in Vancouver, i used to go quite often as a kid but with the number of new restaurants, the prices are no longer worth the food. They have a delicious fried chicken dish but the meat was a bit dry. The roti was flaky and pretty good as well but quite pricey. Finally, each dish is quite small and it feels very oily, heavy and...chain produced? Theres nothing wrong with the food here but not my choice for malaysian cuisine.
"Tropika has been voted best malaysian food in vancouver for the pas few years now.  So, I decided to try it.  This place has really bad pad-thai. Really really sweet. I have tried 3 different fried rices and they were all terrific!  The service almost terrible a lot of the waiters are very rude. I went there with a group of 13 people. They did not crack a smile once. 

I want to say I will be returning for their fried rice and roti, but I can't. Not yet anyways."
"Three stars average only? What?!  This place is delicious!  The roti canai, chicken curry puffs, Indonesian spring rolls and mee goreng are amongst my faves. The food here is always delicious and tastes authentic. 

I'd caution that this place is realllly busy on weekends. It would be a good idea to make resos.  They do have the capacity to have large groups as well."
On a Sunday evening, we ordered family-style: curried duck, Hainanese-style chicken, pineapple fried rice, and bok choy to share (five people in all), and the dishes were all tasty but a tad on the smaller side, portion-wise, so we didn't have any leftovers to take home. Was it worth the drive from Richmond? Yes.
"Came here for a late lunch with a party of two the atmosphere here is comfortable and fits in with the Malaysian theme we ordered the roti canai to start followed with the lamb curry and the Assam chicken 

The roti canai was great flacky crispy roti served with a flavorful curry sauce for dipping 
*this appetizer is a must get*

The lamb curry was also great it's basically potatoes and lamb that was so soft you could cut it with a spoon all swimming in a thick rich curry flavored with coconut milk 

The Assam chicken was good but probably the weakest dish we had chicken and tomatoes swimming in sauce flavored with tamarind and lemon grass garnished with cilantro and carrots on the menu it also states star anise but I didn't pick that up to me it sort of had a sweet and sour flavor although unique and worth a try I definitely prefer the lamb 

All in all it has great food good service and an atmosphere that fit the theme I would definitely return"
Though the prices are a little steep, I continue to return for the spicy green beans and the MP tofu.  I'm no vegetarian, but I can't get enough of the flavors and textures in these particular dishes.
"Went here for dinner. When we made reservations, they let us know that we had a time limit at the restaurant. When we got there, half of our party was on its way, but the server seemed incredibly rushed when he asked us if the rest of our party was coming or not after a couple of minutes.

The food was pretty good. For appetizers, we ordered a large Gado Gado to split amongst 6 people, as well as Roti Canai ( Malay Bread ). I enjoyed the tasty peanut sauce that came with the Gado Gado. We ordered 3 pieces of the Roti Canai which they cut in half for us. The curry sauce that came with it was enjoyable.

Afterward, we ordered plates of meat and veggies to go along with a couple bowls of Coconut-flavoured rice. We had the Indonesian Style BBQ Pork Ribs, Thai Style Green Curry Chicken, Broccoli with Sliced Beef. I've forgotten what the other veggie platter was unfortunately, however all of the dishes were good! My personal favourite would be either the Green Curry Chicken or the BBQ Pork Ribs. The curry wasn't too hot and the coconut taste wasn't too overpowering either.

Finally, for dessert we had a hot Bubur Cha Cha and Cendol. I really enjoyed both of the desserts. 

I enjoyed the food, however the service wasn't exactly amazing. They weren't exactly the most friendly people."
"returning a year later to use up the entertainment book coupon, i gotta say my review for the FOOD itself is better with larger dishes, a little less oil slick (maybe because i've experienced much worse elsewhere) and authentic tastes, but the service is some of rudest around. We got a a lot of food tonight since we are a family that loves leftovers for the next day. The first dish was the jumbo prawns with vermicelli which was flavourful although the prawns were not a large portion (huge shells though). The roti and satay were as expected ALTHOUGH the pork satay was really really red...dont know if it was fully cooked. We got a char kweo teow and it was the oiliest of the bunch but an appropriate amount of noodle to goods portion. For meat, we got the half hainenese chicken, fried chicken and the beef rendang. The prices are quite high here but the meats were all very well received, each tasty and a large portion! the beef rendang was my dad's favourite with fatty pieces of brisket and a coconutty sauce to go with their chicken oil rice. Finally, we got a tung choy stir fried with sambal was delicious and spicy but not as oily as I expected! It was a huge portion of greens and satisfied our need for a veggie.

Overall, I must say i was impressed with the portions size as it justified the higher prices but the service is curt and unkind. The food came out a little slowly but was hot when eaten which is mostly appreciated. Continues to be a go to for malaysian eats."
"It's been a while since I've been here but it was still a nice dining experience. Great for our large group and kid friendly too. This is not a free colouring book type of ""kid friendly"" but they did have a stack of high chairs and a slightly whiny child won't be noticed because of the buzz in the restaurant.
Side note:  We didn't order or see the final total so I can't comment on the value but was overall a good experience. Since we had such a big order they even gave us a few complementary coupons for free roti and satay for next time! They know how to rope you back!

My highlights were:
- the fluffy roti (though the curry is on the runny/watery side!)
- nice crisp and juicy sambal beans =not soggy!!
- delicious eggplant dish, lightly browned on the outside and tender on the inside ...yummm! It just melts so you can even enjoy the inside of this without teeth! 
- the deep fried tofu with a sweet soya sauce dip was amazing! The tofu was so fresh, plump and soft on the inside and and crisp on the outside. 
Who ever was working their fryer tonight was on fire, seriously. No pun intended...kinda. :)

The pineapple chicken dish was nicely cooked through and the chicken was not tough and over cooked. The pineapple fried rice was fine and was the best for the kids who couldn't handle any spice. I don't usually order dishes in pineapple boats but the group enjoyed them. Most dishes have a bit of spice so best to ask if you're unsure. The squid was tender and flavourful...and was fine. 

Lowlight: I was underwhelmed with the clams, they were a bit mushy and drowned in a thick sauce. Our table ordered two of these dishes and the other side of the table loved them. So your gamble! 

Dessert time! 
- The warm Bubur chacha was amazing! Taro tapioca!
- The Goreng Pisang (deep fried banana with ice cream and whip) was nice but seemed to be a bit soggy. I'd ask for a knife and fork next time. But wasn't the best I've had. 
- The kids had the ice cream balls on the tabletop specials menu, coconut with mango centre's, but those are the decorated pre-made ice cream balls. A sure hit for the kids but nothing unique to this restaurant. 
- If you want a challenge and an interesting taste of Malaysia. Try the Ice Kachang. It's unique. I've added a pic. When I was in Malaysia on the Borneo side, we were offered this (by our hosts) as a Summer treat and all the local children gathered as well. What you don't see under the colourful shaved ice are the red beans, firm jelly, and corn! Yes that's right, corn. I ordered it for the nostalgia of it, but to be honest after the first bite you wonder...was this a mistake?...then you try again...and again ... think about...and it starts to grow on you. As weird as that may seem. I may not say it's my favorite ...but it's interesting! 

I'll be back and next time will try their: Laksa, beef rendang and mee goreng as those are our usual SEA restaurant staples. 

p.s. We parked a block away down 14th between Ash and Heather and was totally fine on a Friday evening. Don't let the parking scare you off. :)"
Food is good but a tad pricey when compared to its neighbours.  There are lots of asian restaurants in the area that serve fantastic food for a better price and with better service.  Good girly beverages, also a little on the pricey side.
"Came here for my brother's 21st birthday. We made a reservation for a table of 6 and also brought a cake into the restaurant. (Good thing they were open on Easter Monday!) 

For appetizers, ordered satays (two of each) and roti canai. 
Then, mains were duan pisang ikan pedas(fish on banana leaves), char kuey teow, pineapple fried rice, and thai red curry.

The appetizers were yummy! The problems that we had were figuring out which type of meat was on the skewers for the satays. 

Out of everything, I especially liked the pineapple fried rice, satays, and roti.

When the server brought the cake out... it was a little awkward because we didn't know when to sing and he didn't sing or cue us in... haha. Other then that, the dinner went well.
(The servers were very nice and gave us coupons at the end of our dinner!)"
Food never disappoints me! I have tried almost all their dishes and they're all delish! The service at times can get slow due to it being super busy. I asked for rice once and it never came. Other than that great dishes and great for large groups as well! My favorite would be the pineapple fried rice. I tried making it at home but just not the same. I wish they dug the pineapple in more and gave more rice!
"I love the Roti Canai here!  The soft and chewy type of flatbread is always a must order at Tropika.  

I usually visit the location in Richmond, but my friends and I decided to try out the Cambie restaurant again.  It's been around for years and I feel their service has always been consistently good.  I've never had a bad experience and I know I can count on delicious Malaysian food.  

I decided to try a new dish and am so glad I did.  It was the Acar Fish steamed with plum sauce and spices.  The fish was moist and flavorful without being too sweet.  Loved it and will order this dish again.  

I've actually never had a fresh young coconut before until now and it was refreshing.  They have a Fresh Young Coconut special on Thursday so take advantage!"
Came here for dinner and pleasantly surprised to find yummy malaysian food outside of new york. The chicken and beef satay was super juicy and tender. The indian pancake was good. But it seemed to taste like the frozen ones that you can buy at the supermarket and not made fresh ones that im used to. The hainese chicken was good. Nice amount of dark/white meat. Veggies was good. Lastly we ordered the fishcakes. It was decent just not what im use to from nyc.
Awesome food but service has change a little. I live 5 min away from Lansdowne mall which there is also a tropika, reason I come down here is the service but now kinda hesitating I will try Lansdowne this time and will see...
"I've been going to Tropika for years, mainly because my family members like this place.
Personally, I find that it's a very adequate restaurant. It's got good service, and food quality is alright, if you ignore how much your meal costs.

They make some pretty good curries, however their Pad Thai is somewhat dissatisfactory. My expectation of Pad Thais are simple. They need to be sweet/sour, and the noodles chewy. While Tropika has a good sauce, it's rather lacking in the noodle department. The noodles are hard and somewhat brittle.

They also make good beef briskets, which are definitely worth trying."
"Been here many times. The food is good, and the service is good as well. I've never been disappointed. Their crab stood out for us the one time we had it. Overall we've never managed to order anything that we were not happy with. 

From what I've heard this place is fairly authentic as well."
"Went here for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised at the quality and the price.

They have a few selections for lunch specials so I'm sure there's something for you. My guy and I ended up getting the Assam seafood hot pot and the goat curry with Malay bread. We also got 6 skewers (the minimum amount) of satay lamb, beef, and chicken

The peanut sauce for the skewers were very nutty and delicious! The skewers were fresh and moist, although the size for this could have been a bit bigger.

The Assam seafood hotpot was huge! A lot of seafood (shrimps, mussels, fish, calamari, clams) as well as tofu and veggies. It was very flavourful anda came with rice.

My favourite was the lamb curry with Malay bread. The bread was something I've never tried - crispy on the outside yet soft and rich/buttery. The curry was excellent with big chunks of lamb.

I would definitely revisit again during lunch hours!"
Pretty good and pretty authentic flavors. I came here with my good friend and his wife, who is Indonesian. She vouches that the flavor is very good. I couldn't agree more. There are'nt many south east Asian places in the northwest (aside from Thai), so its a treat for me when in the Vancouver area. This would make for a great date place. Its always busy during the weekends, but the service is still decent. Nice ambiance and location.
"Great pad thai- very well cooked tofu and vegetables, great flavor and spice

Great tom ka soup very yummy

Great thai iced tea

Mango sticky rice was the bomb as well"
One of our favorite places in Austin.  Food is consistently good, and we have been ordering delivery only because of COVID (which says a lot!). Delivery is always within an hour, the food is perfect, and the delivery person always wears a mask.
We started with the spicy option of chicken wings and the duck skewers. They were both really flavorful and cooked perfectly! We kept the sauce the wings were tossed in to put over our rice when we received our entrees, it was that good! Their cocktails are also really yummy I stuck to the tropical Asian. For our entrees we decided to do family style. We ordered the chicken red curry which was one of the best I've had. Also sesame chicken, always good! Thai Tum yum fresh coconut fried rice, it was sooo flavorful. And lastly my favorite, the filet mignon stir fry onion! We ordered it medium rare and wow!! Sooo soo good! Can't forget the complimentary cheesecake my husband got since it was his birthday. This is a must try place!
My son would eat their pho everyday if he could! Delicious broth and tender meat! The little grilled octopus were tasty and fried rice was great. The space is pretty enough for a date night too! This was a good halfway lunch stop for us between Houston and Fredericksburg. Such a good halfway stop that we ate there again on our way back.
Very authentic Thai food. The most unique experience in Austin Texas. HIGH quality chicken, soup, sauce, meat, veggies. Wow. Amazing.
I ordered this solely on the 5 star reviews on yelp. I was disappointed. I ordered the egg roll, salt & pepper shrimp, general tso chicken, pad Thai noodles & fried rice (ordered veggie fried rice) but only ended up liking/eating the fried rice. It was fine quality (good meat/shrimp/fresh veggies) but was not a fan of the flavors. Was very bummed as I was on vacation!
"Omg finally... finally, finally, finally.... I've been saying I'm going to eat here for 8 months now, and I just got it done. It's just been one of those restaurants I kept seeing on Yelp, but I just never got around to it. 

However, what a mistake that was. This place is in some apartment complexish area on Riverside. Bold move to open an Asian fusion restaurant in 888's hood, but... thank goodness this isn't the Highlander. There can apparently be 2 totally bomb places. 

So, lemme start by saying: idk what constitutes the word ""fusion"", this wasn't like any Asian fusion i've had before. A lot of times that means it's got an American/or other culinary twist on Asian food. Also, I'm not going to pretend like I know what authentic Asian food should be... probably just rice. WHAT MY THEORY IS THOUGH... they call themselves Asian fusion because they sell different dishes from different countries...?

Anyway, I got appetizer sampler, and I'm just gonna say -- best egg rolls I've ever had. When I go back I'll just get egg rolls. They were super tight. Nice fried look, crispy, flavorful. 

Main course I did the crispy pad Thai. Ugh... so good. Comes on a bed of veggies, and all of it was done masterfully. My girl thinks this place is the bomb too. We really did have a great experience there."
"Dang, come here for the pho with the beef rib! I generally don't like pho, and I was thinking about this for a few days after I tried some of that pho. The beef rib was smoky and prepared well and was a nice accompaniment to the bowl of pho. I ordered the pineapple fried rice which was a little disappointing but then again compared to how delicious that pho was, yeah I can see how anything would be disappointing. Seriously, best bowl of pho. 

Check this place out! The drinks were good too. Definitely check out the pho though!"
Best yellow curry and pho I ever had definitely the quality of the food is amazing, Also the service is great very friendly and prices very reasonable too. Beautiful restauran inside .
Very good Crispy Pad Thai--and my partner's Pineapple Fried Rice was also so scrumptious. They served it in half a pineapple. All the hosts and servers were *so* friendly and accommodating, making sure they got the spice level perfect. Great ambiance--they even had smooth live piano music playing. The owner or manager came out personally at one point to thank us for coming. We would *highly* recommend. Great for a date night especially. Also: parking was easy, around back.
Came here while on a girls trip with a group of 10. Parking was easy at 11 on a Saturday, and we were seated right away. We ordered family style and got to try many dishes. The most memorable dish for the group was the calamari. We are still thinking about this dish a week later. Another favorite of mine was the crispy pad Thai. Haven't eaten noodles this crispy in pad Thai before. So good!
Amazing ambiance. Amazing food - the Tom kha is to die for. Very attentive service. Will be back again soon!
A delight to find a reliable Vietnamese-Fusion restaurant on the outskirts of Austin. Their soups and Pad Thai are a must, and the performers on stage are a great listen while you dine. Do come here!
Unfortunately the food took almost 1.5 hours to arrive and it was unclear if that was on the restaurant or GrubHub who is notoriously horrible with their delivery times. However when I called the restaurant an hour later they said it was just getting out with driver. However I will base this on food only and give it a 4 star for taste. The sampler was yummy but the meat was too chewy in the bao bun...and the green curry wasn't too spicy so I liked it. The viet bowl was good but very little pork. I wouldn't mind ordering again but it wasn't the 5 star I was hoping for.
Service was incredible, place was just beautiful! The ambiance in there was just so nice and to top it off the FOOD was AMAZING!!!
"Wow! I don't even know where to begin. Everything here is so great, from the food, cocktails, service to the atmosphere. The staff is incredibly friendly. The grilled octopus is definitely a must try. The grilled lamb chop was very soft and flavorful, you can't even taste the usual lamb aroma. This place totally exceeds my expectation for an Asian restaurant. 

PS: They're having a soft opening right now and everything is basically half price!"
"Everybody gives this place five stars.

Your mom and dad give this place five stars.

The entire Yelp Elite Squad gives this place five stars - and so do their dogs and cats.

I give this place five stars.

That means its good.

* * *

The place has its quirks.

They have beautiful arc-ed wooden slats on the ceiling that are like a boat hull or the Saint Louis arch.

Lovely to look at. 

I wonder how hard those are going to be to dust.

They had a folk singer trying to sing to 1618's huge cavernous hall.

Good luck with that, folk singer.

She made pleasant random noise that was semi-drowned out in the general din.

One of the featured drinks is a Chocotini. I ordered it. It was lovely. 

Chocotini and Asian food are not exactly a classic pairing. But then Asian food and folk singing are not exactly a classic pairing either.

Thank you 1618 for making these pairings so other restaurants can learn from this and won't have to in the future.

* * *

So with this level of snark, 

Why I am giving this place five stars?

a) The food

Also,

b) The food.

* * *

We had about five dishes at our table nearly all of which were sensational.

As good as everything was, I will mention just one dish. It is an absolute best of in its class. If you eat this dish anywhere in the world, you probably want to eat it at 1618 Asian Fusion in Austin, Texas.

That dish is fried whole fish.

This is a Southeast Asian staple. 

You take a fish in its entirety. You cut out the guts but leave head, and tail intact. You deep fat fry the whole thing, generally in a simple batter.

You serve it sitting on its belly vertically, looking like it would swim down the river if it wasn't fried.

You pull pieces off the fish with your chopsticks and eat it.

If you like, they have lettuce and noodles to wrap it in, and fish sauce to dip your wrap in.

In most places, what you have is just plain good fried fish. 

You use the lettuce etc to add some flavors, but it is often fine just the way it is.

What does 1618 Asian Fusion do to kick this dish into the next dimension?

They brine the fish in tamarind.

This is not ""putting sauce on the fish"".

The tamarind is completely incorporated into the flesh and the skin of the fish. You now have a bona fide tamarind fish.

The fish is dry and crispy on the outside, the way fried fish is supposed to be.

The fish is tender on the inside the way fried fish is supposed to be.

But now the taste instead of being 100% fish and crusty coating is 80% fish and crusty coating and 20% tamarind.

Which makes all the difference imaginable..

Note that this is an expensive treat.

My wife's magnificent coconut curried salmon was less than 1/3 of the price of the fried redfish.

The other plates on the table were also reasonably priced and magnificent for what they were

The only item on the menu that is more expensive than the fried fish is their lobster.

But that redfish at fifty eight dollars was worth every penny.

I am willing to pay a premium for ""best in the world"".

Best whole fried fish in the world is a big deal.

* * *

And what was the best part of the redfish experience?

I was so engaged with the redfish, I forgot about the dust on the wood waves, the folk singer struggling in the background, and the absurdity of my chocotini.

I also forgot about the other magnificent dishes at the table.

All that mattered was the redfish.

It was like looking at a woman with the bluest eyes in the world.

It didn't matter if she was speaking profound wisdom.

It didn't matter if she was chattering inanely.

It didn't matter if she had a figure that was a glamour photographer's dream.

All I saw that night was those eyes, those eyes, those eyes."
This restaurant was so much more than expected! We celebrated my best friends birthday here and they made it the most special evening! A handwritten letter from the restaurant, a free dessert, the best asian food, and a wonderful ambiance created the perfect evening! Thank you 1618 for such a memorable experience!!
"This food is absolutely delicious!!! 

By far the best Chinese takeout I've ever had. 

I had the orange chicken. My mouth is watering just thinking about it"
This place is phenomenal. The red curry with roasted duck was absolutely incredible, it was the taste of happiness, truly an experience. The ambiance was wonderful, the staff were amazing. Oh and the drinks  the tropical Asian is soooo good. Probably the best dinning experience of my life. We will be back, many times!
"Space: Inside looks great. Modern and clean. There's a stage for live music and the large windows open up to the street outside (although Riverside isn't very pretty). 

Service: Solid.

Food: It's ok. Pretty basic viet and chinese dishes. I got the dry Hu Tieu and the bowl had a couple pieces of shrimp, a couple slices of pork, a slab of green leaf lettuce (can I get it shredded at least) and some chives. The broth on the side was more on the sweet side -- which is not my preference. The satay type sauce was also really sweet. 

I need more savory in my Hu Tieu, and this wasn't it. 

The satay was OK as was the eggrolls. A- for presentation though.

One friend had a pepper steak and she said it was solid, but nothing special. 

Cocktails were good and well balanced. 

It's worth trying if you're in the area (we were going to see a show at nearby Emo's), but nothing special."
This place is awesome! Super nice interior and decor gorgeous fireplace at entry. Togo order was packed nicely and service was quick. Super excited to have this place nearby!
"Came with a friend to try the food during soft opening so the menu may have changed. 

I wouldn't say the food blew me away but it was better than I expected for fusion food. It's probably because the common denominator is fish sauce and lemongrass. I liked everything we ordered. The char on the baby octopus was yum! I felt the duck skewer was well seasoned and didn't need the extra dipping sauce. Crispy pad thai is a take on the Vietnamese ""ap chao"" crispy pan fried flat rice noodles. Good take!

The restaurant is big! Has a stage for perhaps live music or it reminds me of a Vietnamese style restaurant for wedding receptions. 

I'll come back to see if there's any thing different from the soft opening menu."
Nice Asian restaurant. First experience is my graduation celebration with family and friends here. Nice and friendly staffs, took care and kept saying congrats to me. It really made my party impressed. Good food, good drink, but I hope they will have a better bartender for cocktail. It was Saturday night when we came so live music was served during the night. Definitely love the atmosphere and food and will come back!
"Hubby and I went in for lunch and had Brian as our server. He was extremely friendly and attentive. We order the grilled octopus, the lemongrass lamb-chops, as well as the dragon mule cocktail and Hanoi coffee. 

Everything was superb! The grilled octopus was perfectly cooked and held its firmness and the flavor was an amazing balance of sweet and salty. Skip the sauce that comes on the side. It's delicious all by itself. 

The lemongrass lamb-chops came with a refreshingly spicy sauce that paired extremely well. I have never seen this on the menu before so it was a wonderful option to have.

The Hanoi coffee was also a rare gem and a most appreciated finisher for our meal. 

We loved this place so much, we went here the following day for dinner. The pineapple fried rice was just as delicious as everything else and our server, R-Jon was super cool! Thank you!"
Absolutely made my day finding this place. I recently moved to East Oltorf and was craving some pho. From the moment I arrived the atmosphere was right on point. Casual but well done finish out. Lots of eye catching finishes. Brian greeted us at our table and was warm, pleasant, and very attentive. He made great recommendations from the appetizer to the drinks and entrees. Everything was perfectly prepared and delicious. All COVID guidelines were followed. He let us know about their 5 dollar happy hour and we will definitely be back to check it out. I will be visiting this place frequently. The pho was pho-tastic! (Sorry, could not resist)
We love coming here! We got the Five Sampler appetizer, Grilled Lamb chop, and Orange Chicken. All were excellent! Great service as well. One day I'd love to see live music on the stage.
We just ordered curbside to go. The hostess taking the order was very kind with recommendations. Pick up was speedy and safe. The green curry filet mignon was one of the best Thai dishes we've ever had. It was hot as advertised but not mind blowing hot. Wonderful flavors. Pad Thai was fantastic w big fresh shrimp.  Just wow!
This was my first time here and it exceeded my expectations! Free parking, nice ambiance/decor, and great food. We came on a Sunday afternoon and the weather was nice enough for them to open the windows. I got the calamari and the Vietnamese Bowl (basically a Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio). The calamari was perfectly cooked with explosive sweet, lemon flavor. The Vietnamese bowl was refreshing and tasted just like home. Would recommend coming here for lunch or dinner. Will be coming back!
"I know 5 stars may seem a bit extreme, but I think I'm sure about it. So the reason I came to this place was my birthday and I chose where we would eat. After a while I settled on 1618 Asian Fusion. I never heard of it before and it looked like good food. So my family saw it and agreed on my option. A couple days later my birthday came up. Also shoutout to Maggie Moo's we got our cake from them which ended up tasting good as we expected from their ice cream cakes. The big moment of walking in their doors arrived. The restaurant looked upscale from the location and appearance so wearing decent clothes might be a good choice. I became a bit nervous about what my grandparents would think of it because of all the action and stuff which. I was into it though. Eventually we were able to sit at our table when they were done preparing it. Most of the employees are dressed up in traditional Asian clothes which is a nice touch. Everyone sat down and started reading the menu. It was a bit expensive but that's not really an issue. All of us chose our food with an appetizer of spring rolls. When the spring rolls came I knew I chose the right place. It looked like food from a 5 star Asian restaurant, and it's because it was! My only complaint about the place is the music being played at the time. Loud country music. It's more of a gripe than a complaint though because it's opinion based. The guy had been playing good music but I'm
not really a country fan. I would recommend traditional Asian music it would fit the mood. Then the entree's started coming in they looked really tasty. This is when I found out my grandparents liked the restaurant. We all ate the food that tasted delicious and went on to the cake. Asian fusion can sing you happy birthday if you want which most people including us do. They put their own candles on it and brought it out singing happy birthday. Most of the surrounding tables cheered for us. I also got a card from them which had my name on it and was hand made inside. I think it proved how they were grateful we are there that day. I certainly was. Definitely would recommend. I am curious of what their whole pecking duck would be like though."
"My husband and I definitely debated between 4 and 5 stars, but after getting into the mindset reminder that this was Asian Fusion, the uniqueness of the dishes here definitely excelled.

There was a lot of hype that this was better than 888, but I have to say 1618 has a higher class feel to it. Parking was great for being towards downtown as their is a parking garage across the street and the ambiance is modern yet intimate with a classic Austin side feel.

The duck skewers were my favorite. The moistness of the duck and with how much meat was actually on each skewer, it was melt in your mouth delicious.

The crispy Pad Thai sounded good, but it wasn't my favorite. The clumps were crunchy and good in terms of flavoring, but the thickness and stickiness of the sauce made it hard to eat too much in one setting as it would get stuck in our teeth. The filet mignon was amazing. I'm not a huge fan of curry, but I was surprised at how the flavors came together in that dish. I would definitely want to go back to try some other dishes and obviously order some more duck.

The price was a little higher, but for the quality and uniqueness, it's not crazy expensive. More like average for new Austin restaurants now a days. Overall a great new addition to Austin's food realm."
"Went to their soft opening. Of the limited menu, I was thoroughly impressed with everything we experienced.

Ambience/Service:
This location is great for a nicer sit down meal. There is a stage so I hope they have live music that Austin is known for. Service was exceptional. The servers were checking on us throughout our meal without coming too often.

Food: 
We started with the Eggrolls and as a Vietnamese woman these were authentic, not greasy and full of meat. For entrees, we ordered the spicy Chicken Pad Thai and Filet Mignon Stir Fry with Onions (Bo Luc Lac). Both were delicious and we went home with leftovers. Dishes were well priced and sizable.

Overall we are excited for the opening and the full menu to come."
This is a new spot on the first floor of an apartment complex, which made it a little tricky for the GPS to find. We found plenty of parking once inside the complex. The food was good and the service was fantastic. We went with friends who had 2 young kids. The waiter was really friendly to them and brought plastic water cups for them to use. They even have a kids menu. The service was also really speedy. We ordered the pho, orange chicken, and red curry. If we lived here, we would come back!
I went to this place with my husband for a Valentine's Day lunch (dinner on Valentine's is a mess we wanted to avoid). It was so good! For appetizers we loved the lemongrass duck skewers and the grilled octopus (perfectly cooked, not gummy). My husband got the yellow chicken curry. The flavors of the curry were amazing. This one had a great combination of mushrooms and the portion was generous but not overwhelming. If you are looking for something flavorful and low carb, the lamp chops are a great choice. Last but not least, the best thing about this place was not even the excellent food, it was the experienced wait staff. As a foodie I love to ask questions to the server about a dish and our server knew every detail. He didn't have to go ask the chef about it. He had great recommendations on dishes and knew details about ingredients. I wish I had gotten his name. I can't wait to go back.
Super impressed! Great service, atmosphere and food. So many great choices, we couldn't pick just one. I couldn't get over their food presentation, so lovely and well thought out. We sat by their retractable windows and enjoyed this beautiful sunny Austin day. Highly recommend and we are definitely going back.
I just ate here for my friend's birthday dinner and we ate gooood. We ordered the calamari, pad thai, sesame chicken, and peking duck for the table and everything was very flavorful and well cooked. The servers were really nice too and even gave my friend a handmade birthday card! I will definitely be coming back to try the pineapple fried rice :)
Overstuffed on ribs and brisket? Need something that's not too heavy? 1618 Asian Fusion to the rescue. I was pleasantly surprised to find a great Vietnamese/Thai place in Austin. We had the banana wrapped salmon, shrimp papaya salad, and the duck lemongrass skewers. Every dish was on point. I am now skewering everything on lemongrass sticks, I swear! Our waiter was very pleasant and the space was inviting. Would love to come back.
Well worth five stars! On vacation in Austin and wanted quality Asian food and waas so thankful to find this place thanks to Yelp. Amazing food and service with livvd music in the evenings.
"Went here with my dad to try it out because it looked pretty good and was not disappointed. The quality of the food, restaurant, and service were all excellent and I found no problems whatsoever. I ordered the ""Saigon Lamb Chop With Lemon Grass Pepper Sauce"" and the ""Grilled Octopus"" Appetizer and both were amazing. They were cooked very well and the sauces that accompanied them really brought out the flavors of each dish. I highly recommend this restaurant and you should totally give it a try if you are in the mood for some classy asian food."
Green curry is delicious, but a little runny. We ordered to-go, so that might be why. Everything we ordered was nice and spicy, w/o burning my mouth off. I find that most Thai places are either too sweet or too spicy. This place found the balance!
Best place I have eaten in Austin that wasn't crowded and loud.  Service and food were the best ever.  My favorite now.  I live down the street at the South Shore District apartments and can walk if I decide to.
Saw the reviews when looking for a late night dinner. Doesn't look like much but it is beautiful inside. The waiter was great offering lots of suggestions and explaining their menu. EVERYTHING was made fresh. They were very willing to adjust the pad Thai my friend ordered with tofu instead of chicken for no extra charge! It was spicy but delicious! We will for sure be going back!
I had the crispy pad Thai and Drew had the filet mignon pho. Both were delicious and very flavorful. They have egg coffee but machine wasn't working that day. Vietnamese coffee was on point.
"First time eating here with my family & a friend. The place is really nice the ambiance was cozy. We we're greeted by the staff the moment that we came in. Our server ""Arjohn"" he's attentive he gave us suggestions of their best sellers. I ended up having the Fillet Mignon Yellow Curry it was good I would say 8/10 only because I felt like I only saw like 4-5 strips of fillet mignon in there and it was tiny & thin but it was flavorful. My husband ordered the Oxtail Pho it tasted good it reminded us of the Pho that we had back in LA. My friend ordered the chicken curry I believed and she had a decent amount of chicken in there. For the appetizers we shared the calamari it was so good and it match with the sauce that comes with it we also ordered the baby octopus it's good too but I'd preferred the calamari over that. We will definitely come back again soon but I'm not going to order the fillet mignon again."
Great service, extremely fresh flavors. Addicted to green curry filet mignon, medium rare. Went with a group and enjoyed everything people had - even the egg rolls on the appetizer sampler platter were interesting and delicious. Beautiful space.
"A-OK is the rating I am giving.  I can only describe the food I had as sweet and clean eating ( i.e. no fat when I am expecting a little).  My biggest disappointment was that there is no heat in the dishes that I have ordered.  I can only taste the sweetness but not the five common elements in Asian food.  I had request Thai chili, satay, and even jalapeno to supplement the heat factor but weirdly all the request condiments were flat and not spicy or had any heat.

Vietnamese cuisine has a mix of sweet, sour, bitter, spicy and salty in the dishes. However, sweet was the dominate element in these two dishes I order. I know Peking Duck is not Vietnamese - Its Chinese.

Given that the two dishes I order are on the pricey side, I expect it to be pretty good but it was ok.  I wasn't interested in paying double the price for noodle soup that I can have at other Pho place.  So I went for the good stuff...or so I thought.

I had the Imperial Crispy Redfish which come with rice paper, vermicelli and fresh vegetable ( julienne carrots, thinly quarter slice daikon, and thai basil) - basically to make your fish spring roll.  The preparation looks nice but first off, I was disappointed with the little special sauce that was poured over the fish.  It should be more sauce and the aromatics are non existence when it came to our table.  The green onion and peanut, are to enhance the smell but I didn't get the sweet aromatic smell.  Second, you need to pickle the carrot and daikon so that you can get the sour element into the dish.  I created my roll and was shocked how sweet and flat the taste was.  I could no longer bring myself to make additional rolls after the second one and ate the dish as is.  Just fish without the sides that came with it...the daikon and carrots was soaked in sugar water it seem. If the sides were good, I was going to mention that you should increase the portion for the price you are demanding but I think the point is moot if I don't even want the side.  Last but not least, why do we not have some heat in the fish sauce?  The fish sauce for dipping  was diluted fish sauce with sugar, where is the sour and heat?  This was why I asked for the heat, waiter didn't have chili garlic and so he brought Thai chili but it didn't have any heat, seriously.  Regular Pho place would have a little chili garlic in the dipping sauce to bring a little heat...I am surprise!

How many leg does a duck have? Two right? Dish came with four drumstick...isn't that funny?  Skin was crispy, but the duck is very lean which to me strip away the tastiness of the duck.  Ever wonder why people cook with duck fat? Such a clean dish, its not enjoyable to eat anymore.  I think they are halfway there with this dish but I feel like its missing something...

Service was good, Bryan our waiter was patience as I asked questions on the menu.  Fusion is suppose to be a cross in culture, but the menu just showed that they took the most notable dish from each country.  So jack of all trade and master of none."
This new place is easily a favorite and instant go to for bringing out of town guests. It's fair to say that each aspect of the restaurant individually stood out. The decor is tasteful with apparent Asian but modern decor. The price is well worth it for the food and drinks at a sit down meal without going broke. The music is intimate and still brings in the Austin culture of live music. The food is INSANELY AMAZING and good portions! Our waiter, Shane, was knowledgeable with the menu and able to field all of my questions and fully engaging in conversation. Upon request, he was able to give his personal opinions (without selling us the most expensive item, thank goodness) which turned out to be the best thing I have tasted in all of Austin. I am so happy that the WiFi is spotty (if it even works at all) so it promotes a culture of turning off social devices and engaging in personal conversation-100% stoked about this place and all it brings to Austin. Everyone should try this place and make sure to request Shane as your waiter!! If you have any concerns, John the manager, is more than eager to make things better.
Place is absolute fire. If Jackie Chan lived in Austin Texas, he would come here every single day. His words, not mine. The staff is so well trained and very attentive. This is a reflection of every experience I've had here. I'm planning to name my first boy Tom Kah after their recipe. That's how good it is. Waverly and Shauna are basically female versions of Bill Nye - chemists with the shit they whip up. Er Jon is a my favorite server there - super nice guy. Kerry has created a place that does everything great from the moment you walk in.
The layout Is nice, first time being here and I couldn't have  asked for a bbt tree first experience.  I had the chicken pad Thai with crispy Thai noodles.  I'd give it a solid 8/10 but they don't give you and sides really on any dish.  I hope they add more items to the menu.  The sticky rice was real good.  Definitely recommend this place. This place is a vibe man.
i stopped eating to write this review. the service is IMPECCABLE. the food is so great and atmosphere is amazing. this is now one of my favorite places. love it! price is a little bit pricey but not really. worth it 110%!
I've ordered takeout from 1618 multiple times- so far, I've had the mango salad, pineapple & combo fried rice, egg rolls, and spicy red curry. For a picky eater, I like this restaurant a lot, and the food is proving to be really good. A little pricey, but I haven't been disappointed. I feel comfortable trying different items and will continue to support!
Our friends recommended we try 1618 and we were not disappointed! Tucked away off Riverside, the ambience and atmosphere are wonderful; good music and very courteous staff. Our server Chris also provided some excellent service and menu recommendations. Can't wait to come back again!
Absolutely masterful pan-asian. The best Tom kha I've ever had, several amazing banquet style Chinese dishes that are very hard to find outside San Francisco or Vancouver, and some delightfully obscure and novel Vietnamese soups and noodle dishes that are sure to pique your curiosity. Will be a personal staple for years to come I'm sure.
Delicious food and excellent service. We started with the grilled octopus which is extremely fresh, tender, and perfectly grilled. We also had the pineapple fried rice which wasn't too spicy and the duck and shrimp in it were very flavorful. We had the crispy pad Thai too which is a very interesting take on the traditional pad Thai and delicious.
"I love the modern decor in this new spot. It's big, bright, spacious and they even have a cool stage where they host live music on the weekends. Pretty cool.

Went with a few friends a few weeks ago, and they were clearly busy. The service was somewhat spotty, which is forgivable when 1) a restaurant is newish and 2) they are apologetic and trying their best, both of which were true here.

The drinks were decent but I was really impressed by the food. The duck skewers were especially piquant and flavorful and a crowd favorite. My red curry (also with duck; goinn with the theme here) was spectacular. The flavor profile was super well rounded.

I'll be back soon and assuming service has improved, I can see myself delivering five stars in their near future..."
Been here many times and have always really enjoyed their food. Normally I'd give it five stars but today, during the pandemic, none of the staff working were masked. This is after everyone has been asked to wear a mask for public safety. It's disconcerting to see this taking place at a venue we normally give high marks. But as a matter of conscience I believe the public needs to be aware that this may not be a safe place to get takeout while we are under quarantine.
Every single thing we got here was fantastic, and even though we were hesitant any with the fusion concept, the execution was spot on. We got the papaya salad with shrimp, which was bright, fresh and flavorful. Then we got the lemongrass Duck skewers, which were really tasty, and finally we split the steamed salmon curry dish. The salmon was perfectly cooked and super flavorful. I wish we had something like this closer, because I'd definitely come back for more. Yum!!
We went out of our way to try this place. For us it fell a little short of all the 5 star reviews. Service was lacking a little bit and the food was nothing to rave about. My friend thought hers was too spicy & I thought my Pad Thai was overly sweet. Not horrible, but there are many other places I would rather go instead.
"Great service and food! The waiting staff was so knowledgeable and very welcoming. My boyfriend and I got the sesame chicken & chicken fried rice. Both were very yummy and more than enough to split for 2 people. 

The place is beautifully decorated and has an upscale feel. My boyfriend and I came from a yoga class so we felt a bit under dressed. Nonetheless, we felt welcomed and comfortable! 

Definitely would recommend!"
2nd visit, 2nd review.Still 5 stars. First I don't know anyone that can have a 4 month soft opening, but good for them. I had the salt and pepper shrimp. Lightly fried, amazing. Wonton soup had 4 amazing pieces in a cup. This place should be an absolute hot spot for Austin. Live music on the weekends of course it's Austin.
"Okay, any place that names itself 'Asian fusion' is always going to get some healthy degree of skepticism. 

That being said, I was pleasantly surprised with all of our food orders here. As a picky eater - especially with Asian food, I oddly loved all the things we ordered! What a feat! 

My partner and I ordered the salt and pepper calamari (my fave), the Tom yum soup, the Vietnamese bowl and crispy pad Thai. 

For the most part, the Vietnamese dishes tasted like something I'd get at a good viet restaurant, but with a little bit of pizazz and fancy presentation. 

Yes - I'd go back and I'd bring a friend!"
Great place for lunch or Happy Hour. Love the pho with beef and meatballs here! The portions are quite large too so definitely share!
Delicious. Great interior, excited for the live music. Yum yum tum yum in my tum tum!
This place was so so good. The atmosphere is really cool and the food is AMAZING. I loved everything I got but definitely recommend the egg rolls.
This place is great! Awesome service and yummy food. The Yellow Curry and the Banana Leaf Salmon are two of the most flavorful dishes I've ever had.
"WOW. If I could give 10 stars for customer service I would, and for the food as well!

Our server was Brian, and he was so thoughtful! It was my birthday, and when he found out, he surprised us with a complimentary slice of turtle cheesecake with a candle, and sang happy birthday! Soooo nice, he was so friendly and informative about the menu, and answered all of our questions with ease! The level of customer service he provided made us all want to come back and eat again!

THE FOOD:
I decided to try their Vegan Tofu Egg Roll Vermicelli Bowl, and overall really enjoyed it. Beautiful presentation! I'd say while there was a bit too much salad for my linking in the vermicelli bowl (but I am also a person who doesn't like salad haha), the egg rolls that came with it were not only SUPER GOOD (it seemed like it was stuffed with mashed taro? so delicious), but also abundant as well (6 rolls!!). I'd go back and just order those if I could! It was really nice with the vermicelli, and they have a yummy vegan sauce to go with it.

My friends got the crispy pad Thai with chicken, and they enjoyed it. They said it was very flavorful :) Will definitely come back!!"
"Located in a residential apartment complex that had several 1st floor business.   The restaurant seemed to very new such that the menus were crisp and pages hard to turn since they were so new.   

The first thing that caught my eye is the beautiful decor from the moment we walked in.   We didn't have a reservation but were seated immediately.  The restaurant seemed to get much busier after we got there.  

Atmosphere is great, food is even better.  We started with the lemongrass duck skewers (read great reviews on this) and calamari salted pepper.   For entrees ordered the Saigon grilled lamb chops and fried sea bass.   I loved everything we ordered and already started planning to go back to try more."
It was a cold, rainy night and my friend and I really wanted Ramen. All the Ramen spots had crazy long lines so we found something random that was close by and came here. Sooo happy I did! First off, the restaurant is a huge, open, clean and inviting space. The service was AMAZING. Everyone was so incredibly courteous and attentive! My friend got the Pho and I got noodle soup (which to be honest tasted exactly like Pho, I could not tell the difference at all) but it was some of the best Pho I've had in my life.. and I'm from Houston (the Asian food capital of North America). Definitely going back!
"Stopped here for lunch on our last day in Austin and are so glad we did! We started with the sampler appetizer tray which consisted of 
2 egg rolls, 1 fresh spring roll, 4 fried wontons, 2 chicken satays, and 2 seared pork belly buns... we thoroughly enjoyed it and the 4 sauces that accompanied it. I also had the crispy pad Thai, which was slightly oversauced, but was still very, very good. My wife had the hu tieu
(Vietnamese pork thick broth with shrimp, pork belly, fried shallots, and egg noodle) and it was great as well. I doubt I'll ever return to Austin but if I do, I'll be back!"
"There's a cool somewhat new Asian fusion restaurant in town and 1618 Asian Fusion did not disappoint. 

Free garage parking? Check. What more can we ask for in town where most of the hottest new restaurants are located in places with lack of parking spots such as E 6th or downtown?

Decor? Modern and nice. Definitely going for a fancier vibe: 

Stopped by for lunch and tried out their roasted duck red curry. Definitely an interesting combination! See it in my attached picture. First thing I did was try the flowers to see if it was edible, they're not for consumption, bitter. Warning please. 

My overall thoughts are that the curry somewhat makes the taste of the duck itself underwhelming so I'm not confident in saying it's the best combo. What I can say is that it's an enjoyable combo because I like both duck and curry. The red curry gives a more sweet than spicy taste, good choice for those that can't handle the spice. Excited to try the curry filet mignon.

Also had a taste of my friend's general tsao's chicken, a classic Chinese American dish. My thoughts are... not bad. It's good for those who just want pure meat. Quite a bit of breading and the crunch didn't last under the power of the sauce. 

Overall, I'm down to come again and try more dishes. Till next time."
"I went here tonight based on the awesome reviews!

I was really stunned by the decor of this place. Like everyone else has said, this place is huge! Such a nice break from the cramped restaurants that are everywhere in Austin. They have incense in the bathroom and the whole place is super clean!

Onto the food - I LOVED the calamari, it was probably one of the best calamaris I've had. There was a lemon sauce that came with it that was -heavenly- and the squid had the perfect flavor. I definitely recommend it, even if you haven't had squid before! I shared the dishes with the two other people I was with and we all agreed that the pineapple fried rice was the winner. The orange chicken and seasame chicken both kind of tasted the same, and to be honest they kind of tasted like slightly better quality Panda Express. Both of the chicken dishes did come with rice though, which was nice.

I'm definitely coming back here to try the pho and the octopus skewers! I don't think I would order the chicken again, but based on how good the other dishes were I think it makes up for it!"
While many Austin restaurants claim to be upscale Asian, most of them are just expensive. This one delivers. The food was outstanding. I ordered the spicy tamarind lobster and the salt and pepper shrimp. Both were crispy, delicious, and had amazing sauces. The staff was friendly and attentive and made great recommendations. I loved the decor and the whole place has a relaxing atmosphere. I will definitely be back.
"Great service and beautiful indoor. Seating next to window is amazing, specially when it's a great weather inside!

Now, onto the food, grilled octopus 8/10 Great appetizer! Sauce tasted great too!


Lamb chops 9/10 tender and done well. Sauce was NOT great with lamb though, I felt it overpowered the taste of lamb and did not enhance the flavor at all. I loved the lamb by itself and salad.

Chicken red curry was great, right amount of spice, not for super sensitive people. 9/10

I must acknowledge how outstanding the service was. Polite and attentive. 10/10"
Myself and a group of friends decided to try this place.  Overall, everyone was happy with their food.  Standouts were salmon in banana leaf, Tom Yum soup, spring rolls and a few standard Chinese dishes (sesame chicken).  In order to make the dining experience more pleasurable, I strongly recommend they get a shade to block the blaring sun from customer's eyes (and screens to print flies from getting in), and make sure the music is not too loud.  Nothing is more frustrating than trying to talk to people at your table, and music is so loud that you have to yell.  This place has potential, and I will gladly return after they tweak a few things.
"This is my first post EVER, and I thought it would be time to finally review a restaurant. 

First of all, I haven't ate here before, but I've read great reviews and their menu looked super tasty (I also have a lot of food restrictions and am gluten-free, so I was intrigued by their gluten free options). I ordered take-out for one of my friend's birthday. I was looking EVERYWHERE for peking duck, but no where could deliver on a Tuesday except 1618 Asian Fusion (I checked Grubhub, DoorDash, nowhere could deliver from the other Asian restaurants that had Peking duck). The family loved the peking duck and the pineapple fried rice :) I ordered through Yelp, but it would not let me order, so I called the restaurant directly and I spoke with Brian, and he handled my order smoothly. Thank you, Brian - I hope you see this review - good luck to your business!

I am going to be ordering from this place soon for takeout. Please support this restaurant because I want to eat here in person whenever the shelter in place is lifted!"
I had been wanting to try this place for the longest time and it did not disappoint! Drinks were good and the food was amazing. We got the sampler and calamari for appetizers and we didn't leave a crumb because it was that good. I got the chicken pad Thai and they made it extra spicy for me. So delicious and would come here again to try all the other stuff on the menu!
Very tasty, highly recommended. Visited Austin for the weekend and wanted to try some Asian food. The food quantity was just right and so was the spice level. Highly recommend the orange chicken. It was my favorite. The drink green Thai ice tea was very tasty too. The ambience is also soft and classy but comfortable enough to come in wearing casual clothes.
This seems to be a hidden gem! Relatively new opening with outstanding presentation and taste. The customer service especially from our waiter Ky wasI out of this world. Try the sampler platter appetizer and the pineapple fried rice. Both were amazing.
"10 stars. By far our favorite Asian place in town. We've been 5 times and everyone we take is always impressed.

Our favorites are the Salmon, Crispy Pad Thai, Pineapple Fried Rice, and Tom Kha soup. 

Friendly and fantastic service, highest quality flavors. Love it!"
Amazing amazing and amazing!! This place is simply amazing.. food 5 star, drinks 5 star.. all the drinks and food was delicious and presentation was brilliant.. must try thai lobster and lamb chops and do not.. do not miss the grilled duck..
This place was great ! Was able to get seated quickly. The menu had such a huge selection, was hard to just get one dish. The service was awesome, very attentive, making sure if we had a questions they were answered .
The food was great and minimal wait for a table at dinner time on a Friday. The vibe seemed a little confused. Trying to be upscale with the design, but also in an apartment building, so you get people coming down pretty casual. Drinks looked cool, too!
Very good food- was not disappointed! Easy parking, quick, friendly service. Highly recommend
"Everything is amazing (I dont usually leave reviews, but I had to after multiple visits)! 
Also, all the staff are superb at their jobs. 
Will continue to come back:)"
Everything was amazing. You can taste the quality in all of their cocktails and entrees. My boyfriend got the red curry with chicken and I got the tofu yellow curry. We also had the grilled octopus as an appetizer. The grilled octopus was perfectly cooked and not chewy at all. Both curries had a great amount of spice and flavor. The service was amazing from the moment we walked in. All the staff was attentive and welcoming. The pricing is more than fair for the atmosphere and the quality of ingredients. I can't wait to come back!
Not one dish out of the many we ordered was in the least disappointing. Must haves are the duck skewers, 5 app dish and tempura tofu. Whole fish dish (O2.) great. I had the green curry chicken which was amazing. We all overstuffed ourselves. Will go back often. Our server Sonya was perfect. The manager came over and explained their fusion moniker and how they came to be. Super nice guy who was speechless that we drove from temple to eat there.
Food was pretty good for Austin Chinese takeout. The lo mein had a weird smoky taste though--which was strange. The general tso chicken was okay- too much sauce and not enough heat. Overall - enjoyed the meal and would try some other items
...grand opening tonight and OMG EVERYTHING was delicious!!! the egg  rolls & crispy padthai chicken was amazing!!!
"Loveeeee the live music here. Ambiance is sooo great  service is 5 star. They are amazingly informative and helpful. And Fast! Food was delicious and drinks really strong just the way I like it  live music won me over. Would return again and again and again!
Sky was helping us out on our table and he was AWESOMEEEE!!"
"We were really excited about 1618 Asian Fusion.  We had to wait about 30 min for a table and that made us even more excited.  It HAD to be good.  The live music was also a nice touch.  The band was playing songs from the 80s up to present and that really got our appetite whet.  Finally got a seat and we knew exactly what to order since we browsed the menu while waiting.  Ordered the Pho with meatball and brisket, grilled lemongrass duck skew, and pineapple fried rice.  The Pho broth was 100% legit, not too salty, clear, and satisfying.  The duck skewer wasn't was we expected.  We expected just duck meat and a metal skewer...nope!  The ""skewer"" is lemongrass with the duck meat wrapped around it.  How clever!  Beautiful presentation and the grilled taste really made you crave for more.  The pineapple fried rice was spicy, sweet, salty, all served in a pineapple bowl.  All in all, A+ for presentation and taste.

The issues.  The ""brisket"" in my Pho was really disappointing.  I didn't care for the brisket and really preferred the thinly sliced raw beef but they don't have this option.  The ""brisket"" really looks like spare pieces of brisket just thrown in.  I had to complain about this unfortunately.  

The other issue is the table who sat down next to us ""party of 14"" sat down later, ordered later, and got their food first.  I know for certain that Pho and fried rice doesn't take 20 minutes to make and we were getting really agitated.  Then it made sense, the party apparently are friends of the manager/owner because he came to greet that table a total of 5 times.  Fine, understandable, friends of restaurant owners get perks but it's a little unacceptable when your other customers are waiting 20 minutes.  But the food was good enough for us to not make a stink about it.  If it wasn't for this mishap, I would've rated this place 5 stars."
"Who knew Asian cuisine could be fancy. The moment you walk into the restaurant, there's high ceilings with a romantic ambience! 

The service is impeccable! The server is very attentive and checks up on my table multiple times to ensure I'm enjoying my food. 

The food itself is delicious. Normal asian food - super greasy. 1618, the food is light and flavorful. The portions are perfect for sharing or eating by yourself. 

Recommend getting the duck skewers, crispy pad Thai, duck red curry, egg coffee, roasted duck and vermicelli bowl. Definitely will be going back to try more food! & The alcohol drinks are super unique and delicious."
Most amazing food, service, EVERYTHING! Had the Pad Thai, wontons, wonton soup & friend rice...VERY DELICIOUS! Jasmine tea was tad bit strong , but otherwise great!
"Excellent food and service! For appetizers, we had charred octopus, the duck lemongrass skewers, and the papaya salad, which were all amazing. For my entrees, I had the pho rib, which is huge and the ribs are nicely charred. I wish I could go back and try the desserts, but I was stuffed. 

I would especially like to highlight my server, Sonia (Sonya?). She was great and super caring/considerate. Everything came out on time and we never felt like we lacked attention. 

Definitely visit!"
wow!!!! i was like i don't understand why an asian fusion place has such high ratings but wow everything i got today was so good. unexpected highlight, this is probably now my favorite calamari dish ever, the seasoning and sauce are both amazing, and portions are a bit small but its SO GOOD. crispy pad thai wouldve been better i'm sure if it weren't for takeout bc the crispiness of the noodles wasnt amazing, still good flavors though. & the papaya salad was nice and fresh. i would say i can tell its fusiony bc the flavors aren't super authentic but that doesn't at all mean they're lacking! so good overall!!! will definitely be coming back
"Still My Favorite...
Times of Quarantine...
Take Out.
Still Awesome =D
Go for the Egg Rolls and Combination fried rice.
Great!
Soooo Much more Better food  Yum.
Try It!
They Rock."
"Still My Favorite...
Times of Quarantine...
Take Out.
Still Awesome =D
Go for the Egg Rolls and Combination fried rice.
Great!
Soooo Much more Better food  Yum.
Try It!
They Rock."
"I Love this place. Staff and Management are Awesome. The food is Great. It's a Comfortable place just to relax and enjoy the food and atmosphere.
Well Done.

11-01-19  I made a mistake in ordering, food togo. The best mistake ever. I usually order E.13 combo. Good comfort food to relax and watch movie. I got E.4 Orange Chicken.. Awesome!

All the Staff is Spot On!

One of the Best on East Riverside ATX"
"This restaurant is just perfection! The live music while sitting on the patio was such a vibe. Our server Spencer gave us fantastic drink and food recommendations. I started with the Smoky Old Fashioned made table-side  which is a must have. Then we ate:

Grilled octopus
Lemongrass duck skewers
Pineapple fried rice
Papaya salad with shrimp
Filet mignon w/ stir fry onion

Everything was incredibly flavorful and delicious, each served with a complimentary dipping sauce that just added to the intense flavors. Absolutely love thisno lace, a must for date night or girls night out!"
"Best table service I've ever had in Austin. Period.

Chris (aka Ton) was hands down the best server I've come across in this city. His recommendations were unique and incredibly helpful - made me feel like I was eating in a 5-star restaurant. From appetizer suggestions to pairing spicy oil recommendations for our entrees, Chris was attentive, knowledgeable and fast. When we return, we will make a reservation and ask to have him serve us.

The food is excellent and the atmosphere is an absolute delight. The live music was great and the acoustics in the restaurant make it possible to hear great sound without having your dinner conversation drowned out. Bathroom was sparkling clean, dining room lighting was marvelous and the visit we got from management at the end of our meal really delivered that the owners are very hands-on/invested in delivering a good experience.

The only constructive (and still very minor) criticism I can come up with is that the Cherry Soda cocktail was a bit too sweet - likely from the cherry and vanilla flavoring used. I'd also like to see an expanded craft beer list, but they had St. Arnold selections behind the bar, so I definitely found some things that paired well with dinner.

Overall, I can't recommend this place enough. I will certainly be returning again and again."
Was between 3 and 4 because the food was decently good, but THE most Americanized tasting Asian food. So go ahead and come hungry and hang with friends in a faux-fancy atmosphere, but definitely don't expect authentic Vietnamese food by ANY means. I got the genera tso chicken and it was good, huge portion though - fed me twice for sure (one in restaurant and one for leftovers, and both times I was super full)
"I'm a bit skeptical when I visit a restaurant that has the word ""fusion"" in it and serves ""every"" Asian cuisine. 1618 seems to be the exception to that rule. I went on Chinese New Years with some friends. We didn't make a reservation and it was packed so we had to wait ~30 minutes - but no worries, we got some drinks! I loveddd my 1618 secretini which is a lychee martini - it was fruity, boozy, and not too sweet! 

Once we were seated, we started with the Five Sampler. I wish we had purchased 2 of these since it was a bit hard to share it between 5 people. Everything was super delicious. I loved the pork bun the best. 

Other things we ordered:
- Fried large red snapper: OH MY GOD delicious. get some rice and scoop that sauce on!
- Red curry: yummy typical red curry
- Pineapple fried rice: good!
- Papaya salad: refreshing 

I don't think this was enough for 5 hungry people. I would recommend ordering a few more dishes! We did find a hair in one of our dishes and said they would bring out a replacement dish. They forgot to bring out the dish but they were kind enough to remove the dish from our bill. 

Overall, 1618 has a great ambiance, service, and food! Win - win - win."
Loved my 1st visit of 1618...unique decor, awesome services, amazing food. We has grilled octopus, special Asian pizza appetizer,  Tom Yum Ka soup, fillet mignon in green curry, and crispy pat thai. All of them were outstanding. Will be back...
"Wow! This place is fancy. The Vietnamese owner of 888 restaurant sold 888 and opened 1618 Asian Fusion. Those who jumped ship with him, were a Filipino manager and five Filipino servers. 1618 is an elevated Thai and Vietnamese restaurant. The chef is Vietnamese. The ambience and service are on par with Soto South Lamar but without the exorbitant prices. A live band performs at 6 PM every weekend and parking is ample. 

They are currently in their soft opening. Their grand opening is this coming Friday. I really enjoyed the dragonfruit rose refresher drink. There are tons of items on the menu that are labeled gluten free as they only use gluten free soy sauce!  They are still in the process of switching ingredients to gluten free, so some of the items on the menu haven't been updated yet, like the deep fried egg rolls and pineapple fried rice. This is my new favorite gluten free restaurant. I haven't had deep fried egg rolls since I went gluten free eight years ago. The tum yum kha soup was spicy and sweet with the coconut milk. The pineapple fried rice was too spicy for me, but I would definitely come back again and try a different dish. They are still in the process of creating a dessert menu. Temporarily, they are serving mango and sticky rice not on the menu. The rice was a little hard and the mango wasn't sweet.  Dominic said it probably won't make the final cut to their menu at the grand opening."
This is now my absolute favorite take out for covid times!! I highly recommend the Octopus, the duck curry, and the Tom yum fried rice! Such great food!
Not only is this the best restaurant in Austin, but the service is fantastic. Jordan did a fantastic job tonight. We love the Rib Pho. The new soup dumplings are as good as New York!  Can't wait to try the new brunch!
Great service, fantastic ambiance, beautiful decor, tasty food, and live music! A tad pricey, but worth the aforementioned pluses!
Came here because of the Yelp reviews and was NOT disappointed! Amazing food with BIG portions! Will be back!!
Great meal in every aspect! Beautiful setting, affordable, attentive service. The food was amazing. A new restaurant that's definitely a keeper!
"With a recent soft open, I'm leaving a 3 star review not because the experience itself is bad, but because it has some ways to go in terms of really differentiating itself from its sister restaurant (888) before standing out as its own type of destination.

To start - the venue is beautiful. They've renovated the old Draft Pick location that was here and transformed the typical dive-y sports bar locale into a real clean and modern setup. The staff and service is attentive as hell; seems like a lot of familiar faces from the wait staff at 888 which also operates at impeccable efficiency and speed.

The current menu is a rotational experiment, a good way to solicit feedback from early guests. Although there is no issues with being limited, there is a sort of disappointment in looking at a menu that looks almost identical to the items offered at 888, albeit with a 30 - 50% markup.

And this is ultimately where 1618 fails to meet the mark: not because the food is not good (888 is a personal 5-star and weekly favorite), but because it is nearly identical to everything at 888. Outside of having nicer plates and silverware and a nice venue, the menu items look and feel the same as its more affordable sister restaurant just 7 minutes away. Based on my understanding of what the owners are going for in terms of delivering a slightly tiered up experience, this is where the food lacks real differentiation or creativity. 

Given our endless loyalty to 888 (delicious, affordable, efficient), we're hopeful that 1618 will soon find its own niche of a slightly more up-scaled (yet equally delicious, relatively affordable, and efficient) pan-asian restaurant. We'll certainly be back for a round 2 in a few months to see if that's the case."
Service and decor were really nice and food wasnt that bad but i think my appetite was thrown off when my party and I saw a family of mice running up the oustide of the wall. I get they are across from a patch of grass but it threw me off. They have a good combo rice and shrimp dish under specialities but probably wont be back just based on the experience. Sorry
Amazing food every time. It's my go to spot for good food and amazing sake!  The curries are great. Had the Peking duck once too, absolutely loved it. The grilled octopus is amazing as well, and a must try!
"We were here for the grand opening! We tried every single dish on the tasting menu and loved them all. The best meal I have had in Austin. 
Worth every single penny!!"
"Moving to this neighborhood soon. First time we tried this restaurant, but DEFINITELY won't be the last! We had duck skewers, chicken satay, pad Thai & veggies with yellow curry. Everything was SO DELICIOUS! We cleaned our plates embarrassingly well!

Our waiter was Sky and he skillfully guided us through our first meal here. He checked in with us often to make sure it was going well.

We LOVED the LIVE MUSIC (they say there is live music every weekend!)

We'll DEFINITELY be back. Probably will be REGULARS!"
"Great food - one of my favorite red curries I've ever had, and the pineapple fried rice is delicious! 

Atmosphere is very nice as well. A much needed addition to the riverside area. However, when we were there, there was a band playing loud Hispanic music, which did not fit the vibe at all. That's the only reason it didn't get 5 stars. 

I definitely plan on going back soon."
The fried pad Thai was excellent! A solid choice in downtown, also got the red curry which was good too!
We were welcomed by Peter who guided us through the assortment on the menu and indicated us even the limited beverages. I feel that administration has a major impact when coming to feast in and that is actually what he did. The food was stunning and satisfied its expectations. Much obliged to you for the friendliness.
"Best Asian cuisine, atmosphere, and service I have experienced in a long while (my fiance and I have experienced dozens of high quality Thai/Fusion restaurants). 

Congratulations to the owner and staff on a job very well done! 1618 is destined to be an extremely successful restaurant, well worth the drive from Downtown. 

Do yourself a favor and check them out asap!"
"We ordered take out. 
Crispy pad thai w chicken,  red curry w chicken and the combination rice without the beef. EVERYTHING was delicious! The person ringing me up was friendly and even invited me to stay for the folk singer, but I had to run. The atmosphere was beautiful and I look forward to dining in next time. Highly recommend the crispy pad thai. THE ONLY suggestion I have is more shrimp in the combo rice, only three shrimp...? Other than that, y'all didn't disappoint. Stay fresh ;)!"
"The food is delicious, and so flavorful. I got the orange chicken, and it was juicy and large pieces. 

I did take out, and my food was still warm but was cold soon after. An improvement would be to somehow keep the to go orders warm before they're picked up. 

Lastly, the parking isn't the best. The closest spots are reserved for the other businesses."
"My husband and I were looking for a new place to try for date night and landed on 1618, which turned out to be a perfect choice. Service was outstanding- fast and our waiter made some excellent recommendations including the papaya salad. We also got the 1618 egg rolls (so good) and I had the crispy pad Thai while my husband ordered the combination fried rice. Both dishes were very tasty, but we also were able to get some extra chili sauce and siracha to add some extra kick. 

There was live music and even though we were seated next to the stage, it was not too loud at all! We will definitely go back again soon."
So my friend invited me here for lunch cause he's got word that this is the hot new Asian Fusion restaurant in Austin.  I was impressed by all the 5 star reviews so my expectation was pretty high.  Luckily, 1618 Asian Fusion has met my expectations and I concur with the 5 star ratings.  We got the appetizer sampler plate to share and I got the duck red curry for myself.  The appetizer sampler plate was amazing!  My favorite has got to be the egg rolls cause it's got taro mixed in with the pork and shrimp.  Absolute deliciousness!  I also liked the spring rolls as it's the first time I've had spring rolls with pork belly instead of just a slice of pork.  I think I just love pork belly in general.  Now for my main dish, I've never had Thai red curry before so I don't really have a base line for how the dish was suppose to taste.  I will say that it is pretty flavorful and different than the Japanese or Indian curry that I'm used to.  Overall, I will definitely come back to try more of their dishes cause it's pretty amazing.
Saw the reviews and decided to try it out...great good and great atmosphere.  The filet mignon stir fry was so much flavor and tender cook to perfection.  My friend had the combo fried rice and definitely enjoyed that as well.  Service on point by our server and had a blast.
The food here is so amazing and the staff is so friendly as well!! We ate here after backpacking vietnam and Thailand for two months and badly needing some authentic asian food, and 1618 nailed it!!! Seriously some of the best Tom kha soup I've had (tastes just like the best stuff we got in actual Thailand!!). HIGHLY recommend- ya won't be disappointed :)
Trendy, overpriced restaurants are no stranger to Austin.  You can't even get a lousy cocktail for under $12 anywhere these days.  This place has it all.  Simple and delicious, stiff drinks, cool staff and really good food.  I hope this place stays because i plan on trying everything on the menu.
"As an Asian, I was pretty skeptical about a fusion restaurant. Howeverer, I was pleasantly surprised. The Vietnamese dishes were very authentic  and well executed, especially the fish. Typically it is made with catfish, but the snapper was great. The Peking duck was also pretty good. Better than any other place in Austin with really crispy skin. Its not as good as the peking duck I had in Beijing, but very few are. The octopus and tom yum fried rice in the coconut were also really good. The Thai food wasn't as traditional but the flavors were authentic. Overall, one of the better fusion experiences I've had.

It is also nice ambiance. Date worthy."
This restaurant has beautiful aesthetics. The plants and lighting really add a lot to the atmosphere of the restaurant. The prices are very affordable and the service is great! If you plan on going I would book a reservation just to be safe. The papaya salad is a MUST GET.
The food is great! My family ordered Filet Mignon, Pho, Chicken wings, Calamari, and Duck skewer for our main dishes, and we ordered a cheesecake and a creme brulee for dessert. They were all amazing! On top of the great food, the servers were very friendly!
Wow the food here were not only super DELICIOUS they were served in big portions as well! We tried their Crispy Redsnapper and it was beautifully presented and super tasty and crispy! The place is clean and has high ceiling with nice contemporary design that is very pleasing to the eyes. Our waiters and waitresses are super friendly and attentive. We had a great time dining and will definitely recommend this restaurant to our families and friends!
I tried about 6 dishes, they were all FANTASTIC and I would definitely order it all again. But the real star, the WOW I can't stop talking about this show stopper, was that fresh orange sauce! It was out of this world, so fresh and not too sweet! I don't think I can have orange sauce from anywhere else now unless it's made fresh like they do at 1618. Can't wait to go back! Highly recommend.
"Unique, with amazing decor and ambience that is modern and elegant.  Even the dishware was  I stopped by here while traveling for work, and I'm very glad I did.

Everything about this restaurant is authentic and phenomenally delicious, and I mean that very sincerely.

Hot tea served in pots and steeped at table was a delicious surprise for me, as not many restaurants do this.  Fresh greens served with everything, to mix in to the amount desired, and I was given chili sauce to mix to My desired level as well.

I had a ""Saigon"" dried noodles dish that is unique to here as far as I've ever had, and it was one of the most refreshing and unique dishes I've ever had, with savory flavors that complement one another perfectly.

Their authentic Vietnamese style egg rolls were also very delicious and I would highly recommend then whether on your own or with a group.

For dessert, with their menu being relatively new, they had a Mango sticky rice in a coconut cream that was a new experience for me as well and incredible."
"Wow! I don't even know where to start. It was phenomenal! 
Started with the egg rolls- sounds simple but they were so good! Filled with pork and vermicelli noodles- the fry on them was flakey and flavorful!

Then we had the pineapple fried rice and filet mignon pepper steak. The pineapple fried rice is a med-high spice dish- just what I was looking for! Full of huge shrimps and I subbed chicken for the duck. It was very good and I love a little char on my fried rice and they do it that way.
The filet dish was super yum. Beef was super flavorful and juicy. Big chunks of meat and hearty veggies. Wow.

Seriously super happy with my time here."
This new spot is nothing short of amazing. We stopped here for lunch because we saw the great reviews and we were not disappointed. Everything from the service and cocktails to the prices and the food itself were amazing. The servers and food runners were very knowledgeable and had amazing recommendations from the menu. We got the roasted duck skewer bowl and the filet mignon stir fry with the spring rolls as an appetizer. It was easy to tell that the ingredients were fresh and we were very happy with all the dishes. We will definitely be back.
Amazinggggg food and service!! I would recommend their Thai Iced Tea, Secretini, Crispy Pad Thai, and Sampler Platter
This place is amazing! We loved everything. The decor is really nice and so is the staff.
My boyfriend and I were craving curry and we stumbled upon this place we drove an hour to get there and were not disappointed with what we got it was absolutely delicious we both got the red curry, it might be to spicy for some but we enjoyed it 10/10 would definitely visit again.
We had dinner while sitting at the bar. We started with the grilled octopus and pork belly spring rolls. The octopus was delicious and grilled to perfection. The spring rolls were not what we expected as they had neither basil nor cilantro, but they quickly won us over due to the quality of the ingredients.  My wife had General Tso and I had the Red Curry with chicken.  Both were very well made with delicious sauces. I requested mine Thai hot, and the kitchen nailed it.  Keyshawn was our food runner and he completely enhanced the experience. He provided extremely attentive service that was in no way overbearing. He truly made us feel as if we were receiving personalized service.
"A big fan of this new spot on east riverside! It's huge (plenty of seating), pretty unassuming, great service, good food, and plenty of parking options. 

We had the pad Thai, filet mignon stir fry, spring rolls and satay. I loved all of them but am not naturally a fresh spring roll person ( so it wasn't my favorite). The beef was so good, melted in your mouth. We heard from our waiter that the crispy pad Thai and Thai dried red snapper should be on our list for next time. In addition, we both had a glass of the $5 red blend, it was not bad. 

My only critique would be to improve the music - there were times that it felt really quiet or the classical was too soft. Might be fun to play some more lively tunes in the place!

Will definitely be back to try more from the menu! Thank you for a great dinner!"
A warm & cozy place with great food at Riverside. Love their cocktail and grilled octopus
Recommendation from a friend who said we had to try, and glad I took it. Great atmosphere, comfortable decor and prompt service. Food was so yummy and lots of options. The papaya salad came both with and without shrimp which is great when you want something with friends who have an allergy or vegetarian. Had the lamb chops--- so tasty and not expensive. Overall a great experience and will go back.
"I have been once to this brand new Asian Fusion restaurant try and it was absolutely delicious!

Large portions, not overly seasoned and perfectly cooked! I can't wait to try their entire menu in time!

This is a perfect addition to the riverside East district!"
"Great new Asian Restaurant! Super excited to see something new on Riverside!!! 
The seating was good, staff was friendly! This is still a soft opening so there are some kinks to work out, like seating at the bar. The food was great! We had lobster and filet mignon with green curry as our main meals... Delicious! We also had the duck skewers and egg rolls as our appetizers, tasty! 
I'll definitely go back!"
Excellent service, truly good food - top 3 best Asian in town - just well done all around.
Food was great! It's definitely very good quality but you can tell their new and are still working on their service game. The Crispy Pad Thai is a must have and so is the Green Curry. The food is filling and the price is right.
"I like that the main room is open to the street as well as the wooden space dividers and ceiling structure. The plants around the restaurant need some love. The restaurant has not been open for long and they already look sad. Invest in the maintenance of the ambiance.

Food overall is ok. I had the grilled octopus, duck skewers, combo fried rice and Vietnamese bowl. Nothing jumped out as spectacular. The skewers are overwhelmed with seasoning that you can't tell you're eating duck. The grilled pork in Vietnamese bowl is modest in portion and generous in salt. 

I applaud them for serving appetizers on these ""bamboo"" like plates."
"I am REALLY impressed with this place and I hope they don't change things!

Upon first waking in I was impressed. The atmosphere is really nice. Makes me think of some of the more upscale restaurants in the casinos in Las Vegas. We were seated right away. Our server, Shauna, came over to introduce herself and bring us water. She talked to us about the menu and we ordered.

I got the Tom Yum Kha soup with salmon and the orange chicken. My boyfriend got the sesame chicken. Everything was tasty. Service was great. And the prices are wonderful for the quality.

If they keep everything the same or better I will for sure be coming back over and over again."
Average Asian fare. Lots of service issues (new staff lack of training/menu knowledge). Not very authentic taste.
We stumbled upon this lovely restaurant after a long walk around Lady Bird Lake. Was a fortuitous discovery! First, a shout-out to our fabulous server Shane, so friendly and knowledgeable. Freshest imaginable salad with a delicious dressing preceded our lunch entrees, a Vietnamese bowl and a noodle soup with duck and pork. Both were absolutely delicious and generous portions. Cannot recommend this restaurant more highly - fabulous! Wish we lived in Austin; we'd be there at least weekly.
"10/10 Great find! We ordered the Vietnamese Bowl with Stir-Fried Lemongrass Chicken, and it's DELICIOUS! The fish-sauce that comes with it complemented the taste really well. It's not overpowering, and the flavors have just the right balance and medley to it. We'll definitely be back! The place was clean with a modern asian decor. The customer service was fabulous, too. They greeted us politely and the food was ready right on-time!
Will definitely recommend this place!"
As soon as you walk in you can tell the vibe is something else. From the faces on the employees (that actually seem to like working here) to the friendly management to the cleanliness, this place cannot get anymore perfect. The live music is nice and sets a good vibe. The food is delicious along with the sauce. I will definitely be coming here again. I am speechless
I was very impressed by this restaurant, especially since it hasn't been open very long. The service was attentive and the atmosphere was fun and lively. The food was incredible and everyone at our table loved all of the dishes we tried. I can't wait to go back again and try other items!
"Stupid-good food. Fantastic service. They even found a way to make their special coffee for us vegan-style. 

Really delightful experience. Wonderful ambience. 
We'll be back!"
"Perfect fusion blend of authentic tastes from mainland China Hong Kong a bit of Korea and Vietnam. The fried red fish with Chile's and scallions and a tart dip was shared by four of us. Perfectly moist and chewy crunchy. The duck on skewers tender. 
Atmosphere is quiet and on the night we were there the live acoustic guitar music by John and his partner was suited for the room. Def going back."
This place is incredible, ever since we discovered it last week we have ordered it two more times. The food is fresh and perfect
"Mind-blowing!!!
On-time delivery, even though I ordered pretty close to their closing time. 
Every single dish felt like heaven to me.
I dont know how they kept food warm and fresh even through delivery but it made me forget that I'm stranded home!
Highly recommended through Covid and Post-covid times :)
Yes it's a bit on the expensive side, but times are tough for everyone & their food is worth every penny.
Gotta try the green curry & pineapple fried rice... it literally comes in a freshly cut pineapple."
"A lot of potential here. They are currently in a soft opening with a limited menu. Every dish I've tried so far is excellent. In particular, the shrimp papaya salad appetizer, and the filet mignon stir fry, are very well done -- sauced enough to bring out the flavor without being overbearing. Portions are huge for the prices. Decor is very nice and tasteful. 

I wish there were more drink options. I'm looking forward to the full experience when they officially open."
"Love this place and everything on the menu! We have done take out a few times in the last month during COVID when we were craving a good curry.
It was so delicious and had just the right amount of spice!
We will definitely be back for more!"
I picked up shrimp spring rolls and the Vietnamese bowl with pork tonight (ordered using Grubhub). They were organized with all of the Togo orders. The springs rolls are great - taste so fresh with the mint! My Vietnamese bowl was tasty as well. There was fresh vegetables along with the grilled pork, egg rolls and vermicelli noodles. I will definitely be getting takeout from here again!
I was hitting some golf balls on the driving range and a guy that lives here recommended this place. It was a good experience. I was really happy they were open for dining in as well. The food presentation was great. The baby octopus was my favorite. My wife ordered the Pho and I ordered the pineapple duck rice. Both were good.
"We went to Austin for a short vacation and we chose this place based on the reviews and rating - this place did not disappoint. Service was great. Our server (Abigail) knows the menu well and was very attentive. In terms of the food...no complaints! We ordered grilled octopus for appetizer and then we had the lamb chops and pho with meatballs and fillet mignon. The octopus was tender and very tasty. The pho i would say one if the best beef broth i have tried  (which i think should be the star of a pho) and the beef meatballs are special. The lamb chops were cooked perfectly and has this spicy mint sauce. 

On top of that, they have a musician outside. Lovely voice and performance

Overall experience was excellent. And the price was very reasonable."
Had the Yellow Curry Chicken with my Thai girlfriend and we both absolutely fell in love with it! Looking to come back, especially with the live music on top of the delicious meal.
Awesome food and drinks! The staff was friendly and informative. The app sampler is great for a group. I ordered the Crispy Pad Thai, so rich and flavorful. When I order this dish again I will order a side of veggies or rice. The cocktails were top notch. I'm excited to try more things on the menu.
This place is FANTASTIC! From start to finish! Rock star service, great menu selection and perfect upscale but casual atmosphere.  I am picky about my panang and never had it with fish but this dish in a banana leaf was perfect! The little bites of kiffer throughout and the creaminess of the sauce was delicious.  They try and sty away from powders and do everything fresh. You can totally taste the difference.  Even down to sparkling restrooms...this place is GREAT!
Amazing ambience. Love the live music which was on a Friday or Saturday I think. The service is really good with the waiting staff being not too pushy and attentive at all times and the food came out quick despite the crowd. Their duck dishes are amazing especially the duck skewers. We tried the pineapple fried rice, red curry, brisket pho and the wonton soup and everything was really good. My only reason to give 4 star is that I thought some of the dishes were a bit sweeter than I would have liked it such as the wonton soup. I added their chili oil and the green chilli paste which made it better, but definitely the dishes have more sugar than I would have wanted. Also they had just one dessert ..the mango sticky rice and I was looking for more options.  Overall it is good and would definitely coming back for more.
"Wowzer. This place has way too many things going for it.

I literally never talk about the decor of a place, but the wood accents bruh. So good. Those bent wood things on the ceiling make you think you are about to pay 50 bucks for something terrible. 

But then the food comes out and whisks you into a wonderland of deliciousness. 

We had the red and yellow curries and the Vietnamese bowl, and holy shit they were all excellent. The curries were as good as any I've had in Thailand. I haven't been to Vietnam but I eat an obscene amount of Vietnamese food and that was a baller Vietnamese bowl. The pork was charbroiled and the veggies, herbs and noodles were all on point. 

The Thai tea was even good. Literally everything about this place is fantastic, including the service. Everyone is so nice.

I can't recommend this place enough. I am going again tonight to try the crispy pad Thai. It's def two days in a row-level good."
We took 4 teenagers here 2 nights ago. Everything we had was excellent! Really loved crispy pad thai, whole roasted duck, and all appetizers are yummy. Atmosphere is lovely. Love all the plants. Highly recommend!
Discovered 1618 Fusion on a quick biz trip and came here to eat 2 nights in a row because the food was so so good.   The Duck Skewer appetizer was absolutely delicious!  I had the Filet Mignon Stir Fry Onion each evening and the meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned just right.  My guest had the Beef Pho and the Tom Yum soup and the octopus appetizer.  She is Vietnamese and told me the food in her opinion was 5star.  I requested no sugar the second evening and loved loved the simple savoriness of the dish!  Our waiter, Johnny, attended to us beautifully--checking in on us without being intrusive and making sure our requests were met.  Nhat--assisted my first evening and was a delightful source on info about the menu items.  John, the manager, visited with me and my guest about our meal and the restaurant's Thai/Vietnamese fusion and also a source of entertainment and community for the locals and visitors like me.  Great food!  Wonderful service.  Thoroughly enjoyed both visits!  Thanks 1618 Fusion!
Excellent food and ambiance. Ample parking and seating for a large party . We tried the duck skewers . They were just melt in your mouth and not at all gamey . The brisket pho was very soothing . Also tried the crispy pad Thai . It was sweet and tangy . We will be back .
From free parking to delightful service, this place was fantastic! I had the red curry chicken and a chocotini and both were beautiful, tasty and reasonably priced. The restaurant itself is modern and beautiful, with jazz playing quietly in the background. Impeccable, attentive service from start to finish. This would be a wonderful place for a date or family dinner. I will certainly be back!
"My husband and I visited this place during our stay in Austin and it very easily became my favorite. 

The ambiance is wonderful, clean, modern, with light classy music in the background.

Our server, Abe, was fantastic. He was very attentive while giving us our space to make decisions. 

Food: 
Grilled octopus $7 and chicken satay $6
Pho brisket and filet minion $12
Passion fruit cheesecake $6
The apps were good, a little bit on the small side but still worth it. 
The Pho was amazing, easily the best I've ever had. The broth was rich and flavorful and the meats were juicy. My only complaint was the noodles. I felt like the dish needed slightly more noodles. Also, they were flat whereas I prefer round but I'm just being nit picky at this point. 
The passion fruit cheesecake was good, it hasn't been added to the menu yet so I imagine the final product is still in flux. I loved the cheesecake part of it but the top cake part was just okay, a little dry and bland. I think a nice passion fruit drizzle would add the zing this dish was missing. 

Overall I loved my experience here and would recommend it to anyone looking for a wonderful dining experience"
We had egg rolls, octopus, Beef green curry and pad Thai. Everything was above regular Asian restaurants I've been to with about same price. I feel like everything we ordered was made from scratch. The place was very nice and clean. Service was great. I'd take anyone here
I love this place! It's my new go-to spot on riverside! My favorite dish is the filet mignon with onion.
Amazing food, worth every penny, and great service !! We also had the Thai crispy red snapper in tamarind sauce and it was magnificent, we were too excited to even take a photo, Will be back for sure!!
"Ordered to go and the crispy pad thai was so underwhelming. The dish was prepared very poorly and the egg was not even mixed in with the food. It was only 2 pieces of large eggs just sitting there, with a bed of bean sprouts and maybe 5 clumped pieces of actual pad thai noodles. Definitely skimped out and prepared poorly. Yes, I didn't believe it either when I opened it but yep it happened to me. I also specified tofu skewer but they added chicken skewer. It truly was disappointing and deserves less than a one star.

Edit:
Owner directly contacted me and was very understanding and cordial. He offered to give me a gift card for the next visit! Thank you. I will stop by sometime and check it out."
Such delicious food, very well prepared, smaller portions but well worth it for the quality. Seem to take great care to apply Corona safety measures, everyone wore masks properly and sanitizer was available. Crispy pad Thai and coconut fried rice so yuM. Can't wait to go back.
Being new to the area, I've been keen on supporting local east side eateries. 1618 is basically down the street from me and had a promising menu, although priced just $1-2 higher than the typical Viet meals I seek out. Upon receiving my order of salt and pepper calamari, pho w/ brisket and filet mignon, and filet mignon and onion stir fry, I can totally appreciate the price range for the quality of each dish!!! Compliments to the seasoning and batter on the calamari. It had a great sauce accompaniment that offered a tangy counterbalance to the salt and pepper. My pho came with a healthy portion of meat and sides. The broth is adequately oily with a nice balance of fat, spices, and onion permeating the broth. The meat in both main dishes was so tender and flavorful!! They don't skimp on anything here. 1618 is definitely worth a try. I'm excited to be in the same neighborhood and look forward to trying out more dishes!
The ambiance of this place is beautiful and I loved the ease of parking. The chicken pad thai was delicious and a cake in a relatively large portion. The tempura tofu was very soft but had a very salty coating so I could not eat much of it. The menu has a large variety of simple and fusion Asian foods that all looked and smelled delicious as they passed by us - great place for people who like to try new things AND for people who are less adventurous when it comes to food.
Went during their soft opening for dinner and drinks. There was also live music which was an added bonus! The Secretini is delicious and refreshing. Started with the shrimp spring rolls and I had the sesame chicken which tasted fresh and delicious and shared the Thai pineapple fried rice which was SO good. Slightly spicy but perfect. Overall we had a great experience, with exceptional service and would definitely recommend! Looking forward to the grand opening!
"My friends and I were celebrating her bachelorette at Asain Fusion and it was all of our first time here. Right when we walked in, we were in awe. From the atmosphere to the aesthetics of the restaurant, everything was beautiful. Food was wonderful, staff was great, and the manager even came out and congratulated my friend on her wedding. Next time when I come back I will most definitely bring my entire family.

My boyfriend and I got the ""Green Curry Filet Mignon"" and it was one of the best curry I've ever had. It was creamy with a bit of kick to it and there was a lot of meat in the dish. My boyfriend loves meat and he eats a lot of it and to see that on our very last bite there was still meat left. This just shows you that they do not skimp out on their food.  I would most definitely come again with my whole family!"
Came here with a group of friends. We are from Florida and have had many pho's. I had the brisket and filet mignon pho, my buddy had the filet mignon green curry dish, the last friend had the sesame chicken dish. I must say this was by far the best pho I've ever had- bar none. My buddy who got the green curry dish has traveled to Vietnam and said that this food surpassed the food he had there. Highly recommended. Would come again!
This should be 5 stars. The building is that nice as was the food. They stumbled on service. The calamari was fantastic. My wife had the Vietnamese bowl, which was delish. Our son has a bowl of pho, which he devoured. I ordered a duck curry, and got chicken. By the time they checked back and then replaced the meal, my companions got to watch me, across their empty plates, as I had my dinner. The waitress apologized.  The manager came by and apologized. The bill came with nothing comped. We had beer and wine. The restaurant had been open for a week or two by this point. I was surprised that they didn't offer anything to address their mistake. I brought this to their attention, and they comped us 10%. Great. Fair, but I shouldn't have to bring it up. This won't keep us away. We'll chalk it up to opening jitters. There were lots of other pleasant details. And the duck curry was delicious.
Excellent quality of food and extremely friendly staff especially manager Jon! I went there multiple times and the quality is very consistent! Keep it up and I will be back!
Great food & excellent service. Smoky Old Fashion was off the charts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"During the pandemic, we have ordered curbside pick up three or four times, each with a great experience both operationally and gastronomically.  Ordering is easy, orders were on-time, delivery to curbside was quick and easy.  

But the real surprise is the food quality.  Everything we have tried has been very good.  The baby octopus app is a standout.  The Peking duck can  be ordered 30-40 minutes before pickup (many require day prior); it was very good and served with mini sticky buns.

I haven't been into the restaurant but their curbside solution has turned into a great periodic Asian fix to add to our Thai Fresh neighborhood favorite."
The atmosphere is nice. Nice tables, nice decor, great ambiance. The pork spring rolls were so good and very thick. I was full from the 2 spring rolls appetizer. The duck red curry was flavorful. I just wish it had a little more duck and a little more rice but I would order it again. The crispy pad Thai is different but really good. The cocktails are very tasty. Try the Tokyo Ramune.
Excellent meal on Sunday night at this new restaurant. The whole duck was amazing and all the other dishes we ordered were high quality and very tasty. Very attentive service and the restaurant is warm and comfortable inside. The restaurant is a little off the beaten path but well worth the cost of an Uber.
The food was awesome, the ambiance was awesome, the service was awesome!!! What can I say...this was hands down the best meal I've had since moving to Austin from London last August! I couldn't flaw a single thing. Friends that I've recommended this place to say the same thing! If you're thinking about dining here...DO IT! You won't regret it! Thank you 1618!
"For the first time the hype is real. Had the pineapple fried rice - absolutely terrific. Ordered takeout and they still gave me the dish in the pineapple which is a true rarity. Some duck and well cooked shrimps. Pretty good spice level with the red pepper that complimented the small sliced pineapple well. Filling dish and worth the $16. 

Restaurant itself is beautiful. Had live music at 7pm on a Sunday and was pretty packed. No tv that I could see and tough to park with so many spots reserved to the apartment. But other than that, can't fault this place at all. Menu is large and open to all palettes. Wine list actually pretty solid and beer good enough with about half dozen on tap. Really solid option for Asian this side of Austin."
The Restaurant was very modern and had a relaxing vibe. The duck skrewers with lemongrass was amazing and juicy. The saigon rice noodle soup had a very flavorful broth highly recommend. Definitely coming back for their whole duck, the skin was crispy and the meat very moist and tender. Good place for a nice relaxing date
Absolutely awesome! Great service, comfortable and cozy atmosphere, and excellent food. I had the Pho and calamari which were on-point. If ever in Austin again I'd go back in a heartbeat!
This place is amazing. Visited last week for Pho and will come back again for other dishes:) the staffs were amazing too
Excellent service, nice space and kudos for having some authentic items on the menu. However I have to dock two stars for the amount of sugar they put in the food. The wonton soup and the broth for the Hu tieu kho was loaded with sugar. Even the sauce for the Hu tieu kho had too much sugar. Our suggestion to the chef - you don't need to add sugar to your dishes to have them taste great! Plus, it'll be healthier for everyone.
Two thumbs up for 1618 Asian Fusion! Saw their great Yelp reviews (thanks, Yelpers!) and decided to check them out. First, the restaurant is beautiful! Sophisticated but not pretentious. There is lot and garage parking, so not problems there. The staff are SUPER friendly and helpful. They're currently still in soft opening, which probably accounts for all the extra care and attention, but hopefully that kind of service sticks around. The food is delicious! The menu seems to still be in flux a bit, but there are many options, including vegetarian and vegan options, so anyone can easily dine here. The cocktails were also really good. They don't have happy hour yet, but they are worth the price, particularly the Smoky Old Fashioned...what a great presentation! Will definitely be coming here often.
"I was so surprised to walk into an only week-old restaurant that had over 200 5-star Yelp reviews already. Definitely set off high expectations!
When you walk in, the waiting area consists of comfy modern couches and a modern fireplace. To the left is the front desk which has modern (and beautiful) Vietnamese clothing displayed. Many of the servers were also wearing beautiful traditional Vietnamese clothing and they looked great. The restaurant is huge. There are lots of different seating arrangements. We (my family of 4) were seated at a half booth table. There is green everywhere (plants) and it really makes for a fresh vibe. There is also a stage and I was told they have live music on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. We had a cute older couple that came on at 7 that played some classics. The server mentioned they wanted to take advantage of great local music. Our server was super sweet, helpful, and accommodating. We were also approached by one of the managers and he was a hoot to talk to.
Now onto the food. I ordered the Crispy Pad Thai which I shared (luckily because the quantity is HUGE here!). I would definitely order next time I come. The Won Ton soup was great and the General Tso's Chicken was good but not a plate that really stands out (the rice was really yummy and sticky though!)
I will definitely come here again when they have live music playing!"
"The food are amazing! We went on new year day and they were still on their soft opening. I could see that they are still trying to figure out their identity, ""fusion"" is in the name after all. We ordered a lot of the appetizers, squid, baby octopus, spring rolls, eggs rolls...they were all delicious! We also had the Singapore lobster, amazing!"
Great environment, very modern remodelling and fantastic food! Very authentic - if you're looking for the traditional taste of Thai and Vietnamese with a modern, fusion style, that is the place! Staff is super friendly too which does add up to the experience.
I had the opportunity to try 1618 two days ago and was blown away. The restaurant itself is beautiful inside and the service was amazing. I ordered the Vietnamese bowl with pork (no papaya and the vegan fish sauce) and it was perfect! I also ordered a cucumber lychee martini which was very refreshing. You will not be disappointed.
"""We were visiting Austin for a conference at The Line Hotel and got a hankering for good Asian food. Discovered 1618 Asian Fusion nearby. Super easy to find, great free covered parking, too. The place is​ beautiful but more than that, the food is GREAT! Such ​friendly and helpful staff. Our waiter Zayn went over and beyond our expectations​. Whenever we're in the Austin area, you can be sure we'll be at 1618 Asian Fusion. Hope it's soon!"""
Really like our meals. Chicken curry and filet mignon with peppers. The Secretini was awesome. The curry was great. Spicy and light. The filet mignon was tender and well prepared. Perfect. Service was friendly and reasonably quick. At this price point, this place is amazing. Nice new fresh  setting. Plenty of distance between tables.
If you love 888 Pan Asian, but hate the wait and are underwhelmed by the ambiance... 1618 Asian Fusion is for you!  A truncated menu with our favorite cuisine is paired with specialty drinks that are equally as delicious.  Occasionally, live music adds the atmosphere.
I started off with the lychee martini drink and immediately loved it! As an appetizer I had the Tom yum soup and it was very tasty. For the main course I tried the chicken curry and the pad Thai. The curry was great, lot of flavors and veggies. The pad Thai didn't have much of a pad Thai taste to it but it wasn't terrible. Just wasn't pad Thai to me. Everyone else's food looked great. The general Tso chicken was a hit with the other people I ate with. The decor is super cute and a step up from the old restaurant for sure. The owners use to own 888 so you know it has to be good!
"My husband planned a surprise date night at 1618 and it was extremely wonderful!  

It is one of those menu's where you want to try everything.  This is how they get you, with quality food and service!

They also take presentation very seriously here.  The pineapple fried rice is served...in a pineapple, and the coconut fried rice, you got it...served in a coconut.  Sometimes I am wary of this because it often means style over substance, but I was pleasantly surprised that the food is as good as the presentation.  

We also had the orange chicken which was so unbelievably delicious.  

My absolute favorite experience though was the Hanoi coffee.  I've never had this style of coffee before, but it is Vietnamese coffee poured over a sweetened egg cream.  The pour over is done at the table and is just lovely to watch.  

They have a green Thai tea which I was not a fan of because it tastes like Jasmine (but looks like matcha).  I am just not a fan of jasmine tea, but my husband loved it, so if you like jasmine, you'll probably love this tea.  

We went on a Saturday evening and there was a great musician performing.  I appreciated that the music was not so loud to make it hard to have a conversation. 

Lastly the service was top notch.  We did have a reservation but arrived a little early and they were kind enough to seat us earlier than our reservation."
"Food very flavorful! Enjoyed our experience! Great costumer service!! Would recommend!

Bartender was killing it with their specialty cocktails! My husband got 1618 Secret-Tini and I got the Dragon Mule! I wish I could get a pitcher to go! Thanks Kiet!

Octopus, spring rolls, calamari, oxtail pho, mi kho, filet mignon stir fry!
Yummm"
Excellent pho! We finally found our go to pho place in Austin. The pho had filet minion and great portions of meat, veggies, noodles, and broth. We also tried their spring rolls and camomile tea with was very good. We'll definitely be back!
Great blend of flavors. Hard to find something I didn't want to try on the menu. Ended up getting duck skewer bowl. Amazing
We are excited to have this addition to our neighborhood. Beautiful space, friendly and attentive service, signature cocktails, and delicious selections. They also have gluten free options and are responsive to inquiries. The papaya salad, orange chicken, lemongrass skewers, and curries were great. Things have evolved since the soft opening, and we will certainly go back again and try more dishes!
Fabulous service and delicious food! The restaurant decor makes this is a beautiful space, as well.
1618 is wonderful. It looks and feels very fancy (they've got a stage and live music) but the prices are reasonable, and the food is excellent, especially the curries, which are the best in Austin by a long shot. The Pad Thai was also very good, as was the pineapple fried rice (which was served inside a pineapple, something I am always here for). Also the Thai tea is good. This place is what 888 used to be (or what I rose-colored-ly remember it being).
Great new spot!! Yellow curry, pad Thai and the Vietnamese noodle bowl were outstanding. Very affordable with incredibly accommodating and friendly staff. Cool vibe .
Food here so good. I like. Nice restaurant, clean, enthusiastic service. Next time i'll visit again
After picking up our daughter at the Austin airport, we decided to grab a bite , found this spot and loved it .  Presentation and taste were terrific (though a bit on the salty side).  Lamb chop, pineapple fried rice, curry, crispy pad Thai... all terrific.   Great decor, classy yet not pretentious.  We will be back!
"Excellent! 

Finally East Riverside has a decent restaurant!!!  Couldn't be more excited.  We had 4 people in our party and everyone loved their meals.  The Filet melts in your mouth!  The service was spectacular and the atmosphere is wonderful.  When I walked in I immediately thought it was going to be overpriced but was completely surprised at how affordable it was. My only complaint would be that it doesn't have a bar area.  The manager said that they would be adding it soon.  I can't wait to go back!!!"
"1618 fusion serves exquisite food at excellent prices making it easily worthy of the 5 star review. I've been a couple of times and on my most recent visit, I tried their hutieu and the Peking duck! 

Prices: the Peking duck retails for 40 bucks and can feed 2 hungry people or be a large appetizer for 4 guests. The hutieu was 13 which wasn't too bad for a upscale restaurant on river side. 

Taste: everything here is excellent and I have yet to try a ""bad"" dish. This is one of those places you get excitement wanting to go back to try more things! My next goal is to try the fried fish there. The flavors are great and I think the Peking duck is the best in town."
Pretty solid Asian food spot. The egg rolls are definitely worth it, although these only came with one piece of lettuce. It made it tough to wrap all 4 egg rolls in the order. The Thai fried rice was good, had a little unexpected spice that made the dish better. The pad Thai was average. A little too saucy for a pad Thai and could use more spice. All in all would definitely pick up to go food from here again.
"Wow! What a treat! Beautiful ambience, excellent service and the food was delicious and prepared perfectly. Sky our server was polite, efficient and you can tell he really took pride in the service that he was offering.

We ate the duck red curry which was out of this world and the rack of lamb chops which were also prepared perfectly. We will definitely be back and are excited about the future of this establishment. 5 stars!!"
Love the inside of the restaurant, I think its new. Anyways, we ordered pad thai which was good, orange chicken I didn't like it it was too much flour, Oxtail soup was good, calamari was a little salty and so small portion, beef panang was great! Customer service was great too. So I will give it 5 stars
Service was great and the food was excellent. Great tasting all around. I highly recommend them. The restaurant is beautiful as well. We had a birthday party and they made us feel comfortable and welcomed.
Came to Austin from Houston to celebrate my best friends birthday and this spot happened to be nearby our Airbnb so we decided to check it out! The customer service was excellent and we went to pick up our order which was five different orders so a little complicated! They made sure they gave us silverware and even asked us if we needed any sauces he even gave us a little sample of each sauce! The eggrolls were different in a good way! The pad Thai was also different not the same as the one I usually get from places in Houston but it was still good! Overall would highly recommend this place
Awesome new Asian food spot! It is beautiful inside and the staff are so dedicated and excited about the new restaurant- food is delicious and they have a full coffee menu and you can call in for take out! ample parking & garage parking available as well
Loved the food and the service celebrated my birthday here and I would recommend!! They were really nice and fast the food was warm and well done I love Asian food and I would come back to this place I'm from dallas
This place is amazing! Every single dish we ordered was mine blowing. You simply must try the Hanoi coffee at the end of the meal. It's very different but absolutely delicious!
This new Asian fusion restaurant opened recently and I highly recommend it. We had the lamp chops, Peking duck and whole fish, bok choy and Tom kha soup. All outstanding! The Peking duck was amazingly perfect. Good parking, nice ambiance, friendly staff and great service! Definitely will return!
Amazing food and even better service. Very clean and safe environment for those worried about COVID. My new favorite date spot hands down. I really cannot recommend this place enough!
"Wow we went there and had dinner with friends. And we were so shocked. The service was great and the food was amazing.
We ordered 3 appatizers
General 
Sesame
Lamb 
Pineapple fried rice
And the best yellow curry ever.
We had drinks ND the drinks were only 6.00 I ordered one of each to try them because they were 6.00
I told the owner to keep the prices on the drinks the same and just add an extra dollar to the food.
I will for sure be back. Can't wait to favor this food as well. 
But the inside is amazing as well."
The grilled octopus was the best thing on the menu that we had...we ended up ordering it twice.  The fresh spring roll was pretty bland...needs more herbs and less lettuce and noodles as well as a more interesting (and larger quantity) of dipping sauce.  The egg roll was much better.  We also had the duck skewers which were very tasty.  The papaya salad was pretty standard...I would have liked a bit more heat and was missing the dried shrimp element that many have.  Was a bit disappointed in their cocktail selection, so we stuck with wine, which was good...not great.  We'll likely be back to try some of their mains.
Our family was craving Asian food and settled on this place due to the stellar yelp reviews. As a Bay Area native, I get to eat a lot of Asian food but the food here definitely stood out. We ordered beef pho, filet mignon, the red curry with duck, coconut rice, and crab rice. The beef pho was very rich and flavorful; the curry was spicy and very authentic, and the filet mignon was wonderfully succulent. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
"Got takeout from here last night and I forgot how GOOD the food is. The orange chicken was crispy, had the fresh citrusy flavor of oranges, and the wonton soup was rich and delicious. As always, their red curry is top notch. I'm not sure what the ""secret ingredient"" is but it's got layers of flavors that I have not tasted anywhere else. I think it's safe to say this is the best bet for Asian food right now in Austin."
Great serve and the food was extremely good. I had the Phai Thai and it was delicious. My table was pleased and we all agreed this place is definitely one we will return to try some other yummy dishes! Enjoy!
This place is so beautiful inside. Love the modern decor and there's even a stage for live music. My husband and I ordered the pepper steak, salt and pepper shrimp, and a large tum yum kha. All three dishes were delicious! I especially liked the pepper steak. It's so flavorful and cooked perfectly. Oh, and the service was great, as well. Will definitely come back soon to try out other dishes.
I'll echo everybody here this was good food. Had the pad Thai and it was a solid entree that wasn't best I had but very good and would go back for more. But the main event that was just so good was the pepper filet. I will be taking my family here. Solid Asian fare that matches out of state flavor profiles as I know Austin has so many in town for business or recently moved. You will like this place. It can in fact compete with places in both New York and California! Try this place--you won't regret it!
Highly recommend!! We were just walking in after driving to Austin for New Years! They said it was a 30 min wait but they got us in within 10mins! We orders the Calamari, Duck noodle soup, and Tom Kha! They were all delicious to the point that I wanted to keep on eating but to full to add anything to my belly! Will be back again!
Unique food options that are mostly good in a nice upscale-feeling space.  The one knock against the ambiance is the loud pop music they have playing in the background; it feels very out of place.  We had the duck skewers as an appetizer and they were incredibly moist and full of flavor.  We had the crispy pad thai and the filet mignon green curry.  The crispy pad thai was unique; basically the noodles were deep-fried.  While the crispy noodles were nice and the taste was good but a bit sweet, I think I would have preferred regular noodles with crispy noodles as an addition.  The green curry had deep flavor with a nice subtle spice.  The beef was a little tough, but the dish was great.  The lemongrass refresher drink was a nice pairing with a sweet and sour taste.  Overall, great food options and great service.
If you like WuChow but want to pay half the cost and have even better food, come here. This place has never let me down. Would highly recommend.
The food here is so yummy. I ordered the egg rolls and they are so crispy and delicious.  They told me to wrap them in the lettuce and that makes them even better! I got the O5 fried rice and it was super tasty! I want to try the Pho next time.  :)
First time to this joint!!! Prep was very fast and the food tasted fantastic. I believe I picked the green curry randomly, but I'd def get it again. I'm not picky at all, but haven't found anything to give them less than 5 stars  Hopefully I can remember to cop a pic next time before I devour!
"We're new to Austin and the misses really likes Asian Fusion. 1618 popped up as one of the best spots in the city with a 5 star rating. Done. Parking is in the rear of the building because the restaurant is located under a mid rise apartment complex right off of Riverside. No biggie, there is a free parking garage for retail business right across from the entrance. We started with the sampler platter pictured here.  It has a little mix of goodies such as pork buns, fried egg rolls, satay chicken, wonton and shrimp spring rolls. It also comes with 4 different sauces to do some dip action and all were the truth. The wife had the Crispy Pad Thai which had crispy fried flat noodles mixed in with tender pieces of chicken. Tons of flavor and the ""crispy"" version is a hit. I opted for the Yellow Curry Chicken which had some kick to it, potatoes, onion, mushroom and of course chicken all in a yellow curry sauce. Tons of flavor and just the perfect amount of spice. The service was top notch as well which rounded out a great experience at 1618 Asian Fusion. I highly recommend it as a ""must try"" when in the ATX."
This place is amazing! The interior is gorgeous and they had live music- it feels like fine dining, but the prices are very fair. We had the spicy chicken pad thai and orange chicken. Both had great taste! Service was amazing. I will be recommending this place to my friends, it's perfect for a date night!
"I had heard really good things about 1618 Asian Fusion. I ate there today for the first time and they EXCEEDED my expectations. The service and the food were both amazing and our server very knowledgeable about the menu and the food. 

Would definitely recommend."
"One of my new favorite restaurants, and I'm unhappy with myself for not ordering sooner. I had seen the good reviews but it took me until Coronavirus lockdown to order from them. Even though I used UberEats, I didn't get charged for the delivery as 1618 does their own delivery. Sweet!

My lamb chops were everything I had hoped for, and the appetizer sampler didn't have a bad item on it. My only disappointment was the extra spring rolls I ordered were accidentally replaced with a different appetizer. When I called the restaurant, they were quick to apologize for their error and offered for me to call in on my next order and they'd add it no charge. Worked for me.

Ordered for a second time yesterday and they remembered me about a week later. I was able to customize the spring rolls to be vegetarian so my girlfriend could have them, and we each had a new dish we hadn't tried. She loved hers and I did as well. I tried the general tso's chicken and they were nice big portions of quality chicken meat. I would have liked a bit spicier, but the flavor was on point.

Considering you save the ~$4 delivery fee vs. other restaurants, I plan to order from 1618 more in the coming weeks. Can't wait until I can one day dine-in here."
"This was a great place! Great food, amazing service. Super friendly staff. The pork pho was especially amazing. And the vibe is super inviting and peaceful. 

Shauna and Waverly were awesome bartenders.

Definitely recommend to anyone around town!!!"
"Simply Delicious food with layers of flavor in every bite. Plus impeccable service from our waiter
Cannot ask for more. We'll be back."
"Amazing food and THE BEST costumer service a restaurant can have. We were 17th in line and were seated earlier then time and the manager came around multiple times to let us know what our queue in line was. 
THE FOOD WAS YUMMY!!! Crispy pad Thai is a must try. One of our friends is allergic to vegetables (yes all vegetables) and they changed his two entrees without any trouble and even said we apologize when it wasn't their fault. 
Definitely will be back soon and will recommend to many! 
As far as COVID; the tables are 6ft apart and there was a table empty on both sides, felt super safe and comfortable."
Great service. Waiters and staff were very friendly. I was told they do live music here once a week and have a nice stage to do do so. Food was amazing. I had the filet mignon stir fry onion and it was delicious. This place seems like a very upscale and fancy restaurant but the prices are great and it would be a great place to take a date to dinner.
No words! Our first time here and we loved everything from the cocktails to the apps, to the entrees. Every dish is very carefully thought out, made FRESH and different from anything I've had in Austin. Our server was extremely friendly and had many good recommendations!! I LOVED the vegan Vietnamese bowl with avocado and tofu. My partner had beef pho and loved it. We will definitely be back to try more and dessert as well!!
Excellent food, ton of attention to detail, great ambiance range for a friend dinner, date or special occasion.
I ordered from them through Uber eat . Chicken pad Thai was pretty amazing. One of the best I had in ATX. Definitely coming back to try other items on the menue
Came here for the first time on a Friday night about 6:30 pm with boyfriend, and had a great time. There was live music setting up, the food was great, and the inside decor is just beautiful. Seems like it got much busier around 8 pm, if you're trying to beat the rush. We tried the appetizer platter, then our own dishes (orange chicken and general tso's). The platter was good, but the price did seem a tad high. You get one or two of several things, but the amount still doesn't seem to equal the cost to us. Our individual dishes were great. Prices overall seem fair ($15ish+), with seafood-style dishes being much more expensive ($30+). The service was good, also. Definitely coming back as they're located near us.
The food is amaaaaazing! Just so good! Portions are ok. Giving 4 stars due to pricing. I'll definitely pay the price from time to time, but can't say it will be one of my regulars due to the price. Atmosphere and service has been great the couple of times I have gone.
"We've been here 3 times in the past 4 weeks and every time has been outstanding! The prices are reasonable and the portions are great. Decor is nice and there has been live music every time (Friday's and Saturday's).

Favorite drinks: tropical asian and smokey old fashioned (amazing presentation)
Favorite apps: egg rolls, spring rolls, duck skewers and calamari
Favorite entrees: chicken pad Thai, red curry, pineapple fried rice and tamarind lobster 

Bottom line: Once this place has it's grand opening, it will be a hard restaurant to get into!"
Great food, very good quality! Our server Jordan was really good too. I'll definitely come back.
Really beautiful with a place for live bands to play! Service is so great and nice and both food and drinks are tastyyyyy
"Presentation and service were excellent; food was ""fine"".  Nothing special.  Recipes seemed nice.  There just wasn't much of a diversity of taste/spice/savory/sweet.  Had a couple of appetizers and two very different mains.  Even asked for ""spicy"" and got something about as spicy as ketchup.

Unfortunately won't be coming back."
"Very unassuming yet equally amazing. 

While food is fusion Asian it stays true to the quality of all your favorite Asian upscale restaurants.

I'd start with octopus skewers. They are lightly grilled and a good portion.

All of the entrees are very large. You could easily split. The pineapple fried rice is hard to stop eating. So delicious!

The bartenders (Waverly, Shauna) are super knowledgeable and friendly. 

The owner is always around and is just as friendly as any othEr staff member.

Must try!"
"I've been here three times in two weeks and it just opened. I'm in love. 

What do you call that feeling when you're comfortably listening to steamy jazz by soft lighting, sipping wine and eating something delicious? Well, this place is the embodiment of that feeling.

PLUS, you can buy a cocktail for $6, a glass of the house wine or a chilled mug of beer for $5.

This space can seat 200 people and the acoustics are so good that your conversation will remain private and you won't have to shout, either. 

I recommend the filet mignon pepper steak. Tender, flavorful and juicy, and combined with an appetizer, there's enough for two with a moderate appetite. I've had better pho.

On warm days, they open the windows way up, there's outdoor seating, and dogs are welcome. 

Parking is FREE (praise the heavens)."
"My husband and I visited for an early dinner on a Friday evening. If I could give more than 5 stars I would. Not only was the food delicious, but also very reasonably priced. Highly recommend the duck skewers, won ton soup, yellow curry and filet minon/brisket pho. 

The space itself is definitely a vibe, very well done and relaxing. Service was also superb. 

We will definitely be back!"
Wow!!! Best asian food in Austin. Beautiful new interior, great drinks, amazing food, and attentive service. This place was awesome. I will be back!
"This place is hot and new in the area by work. I really was impressed with the food and how the entrees are displayed. The food is very delicious especially the Filet Mignon Pepper Steak. I have not ever had such a juicy tender steak like this place served me today.

The ambience of the place is relaxing throughout! There are plenty of seating areas with booths and tables. It also looks like there is a area for live music.

I cam with some co-workers too and their dishes look great as well. Everyone from my group was very impressed with their entree. 

Customer service was phenomenal! They explained to you everything that was on their menu to include their different types of Tai tea. I had the green Tai tea and I liked it a lot."
"Well service,food, atmosphere, music, people. TOP NOTCH. 
We are here for my son's 30th and what a great experience. 

A must when in Austin."
Very good. Not only that but great service and not pricy at all. The food is nicely decorated and the meats are tender everything is great about this place go on by and give it a try
"I picked this restaurant because of the really amazing reviews but my encounter was on the other side of the spectrum. (The business has reached out to help resolve some of the issues we had) I came by after a doctor's appointment and I ordered through their website and selected the curbside option. I didn't like that their menu didn't have any details about the food, like what sides do they come with and what exactly is in the dish. I ordered a side of fried wonton for $6 (there was a technical glitch on their website and these were actually FREE) however I wanted to purchase larger wontons, but didn't see that as an option and I ordered two entrees, Pho Chicken for $11 and TSO Chicken for $12. I thought the pricing was very reasonable and comparative to other places. 

I arrive to the restaurant and it's located in an apartment/shopping center similar to the domain. I didn't stop in front of the restaurant because there wasn't any signs for curbside, the parking curbs say no parking in red and there were no parking spots available next to the restaurant. There is a parking garage in close proximity so I pull into it and call the restaurant. I asked them if they did offer curbside pickup because I selected it online but wasn't sure where to park. The guy on the phone questions the curbside and seems confused and says just come on in and pick it up. It's over 100 degrees and I'm 6 months pregnant so hence the reason I wanted curbside pickup. If they don't offer it, then they should not have it listed as an option. 

I live 45 minutes away and when I get home with the food. The wontons were small but very tasty! I thought I was ordering regular wontons but these were freebies so no complaints there. 

My husband said his broth was very oily and he just didn't enjoy it like he usually does. Fortunately my General TSO was very flavorful so I shared it with him. 

I updated my review based on the response I received from the business. I truly appreciated them addressing my complaints and working towards a resolution and for that I increased my rating and I would definitely give them another try!"
"Love the room and the decor.  Service was excellent!  Two things I had a problem with, I ordered my chicken curry dish with no mushrooms so, it seemed like, they doubled the bamboo shoots and there were only 3 slices of chicken.  Second, we received our soup and spring rolls at the same time....please space them out. Before we were even done with our soup they were bringing our entrees.  We sent them back because our table was already full of plates and bowls.  Flavors were good but could be spicier.

Melinda V."
"I've eaten at 1618 Asian Fusion two times and thoroughly enjoyed my meal each visit! 

This is a newer restaurant in the Riverside area. The ambiance inside is welcoming and nicely decorated. 

A few weeks ago, my family dined inside and the tables were distanced between guests. 

Depending on what your preferences are, there are plenty of options on the menu. 

The Thai Pineapple Fried Rice was delicious but warning, it's not for someone who doesn't eat spicy food! The Thai Tum Yum Fresh Coconut Fried Rice is a less spicy option that doesn't disappoint. Their egg rolls and soups are great.

Would definitely recommend 1618 if you are looking for an Asian restaurant with a twist!"
Tried 1618 for the first time tonight. The food and service was excellent. Brian took great care of us. Loved their happy hour specials for appetizers and drinks. Also ordered their filet mignon green curry and pineapple fried rice. Might be the best green curry I have had in Austin. There was plenty of parking. We were also to sit outside and even though we were next to Riverside, there was enough landscaping to keep the traffic from being distracting. There are big sliding windows so I might even feel comfortable inside as well. Highly recommend!
Quality, authentic, not the typical Americanized sweet comfort-food style Thai but definitely good. The crunchy pad Thai is unique, the pineapple fried rice is spicier than expected (and included shrimp despite our selection of duck only). Loved the duck lemongrass skewers
The food is great, I have tried many dishes but the crispy duck is really good. The service is superb. Thank you ArJohn.
Mind you if you are thinking of going to this place. Make your reservations now. Or else wait for the kind of wait you will have to wait ..lol. Hey but don't go anywhere this place has a good chef, a good manager and good staff. They have fair amount of vegan/vegetarian options. I would really appreciate if they added few more to their menu. It's been a pleasant experience with live music and beautiful ambience ..food was delicious. If you want to go please go but not without reservations..! Thank me later.
This place was very popular in yelp and I though I'd give it a try. We didn't make any reservations so we waited about 40 minutes for our table but they had an open bar so we were keeping ourselves occupied. They also had GREAT live music from Erica Michelle ( who's also in America's got talent). Our server Chris was tentative and knowledgeable about the menu and made GREAT recommendations ( baby octopus, lamb skewers). John, the manager was also very hands on. He tended to our table and educated us on the history and innovations of the restaurant. The food is also very delicious.
The ambiance is nice. They spent some money on the place. I hope they get some more business during Covid-19. Ordered the Tropical Asian, which is their most popular. I didn't care for it, but the Watermelon Cucumber is so good! Wiahbthere was some cucumber flavor to it. Grilled octopus Appetizer was dl delish... I love me some idako! The lemongrass duck skewer... don't order it. The minced duck skewer tastes like pork gyoza... factory-made gyoza. Next was the Roasted Duck HuTieu... it smelled soooooo good... and tasted soooooo good. This dish makes me want to come back to try more. Now off to another place, but wanna come back for sure
"Fresh and delicious!  The duck skewers were great as well as the Yum Kim spicy soup. The soup could have had more veggies as it was almost too ""thin"" but it was great!"
This place knows customer service!  We were treated wonderfully and were even given a slice of cake and a card for our anniversary.  Great touch!  The food was delicious!
"First walking in the decor had a modern feel to it. Grabbed a seat by the open window which was pretty cool for the nice weather we've been having. Service was quick and on point. Aight into the real thing everyone's looking for.

The food was pretty solid all around. The plating for the appetizers, the sauces, and the actual taste were . We got the roasted duck skewers to start, they were wrapped around lemongrass which kept the Vietnamese aroma. Shared a hu tieu bowl, broth was excellent, and that's going by my standards. Having an abundance of viet cuisine in Houston and cali, it was nice to see that austin finally has a spot that I would recommend to my family and friends that want Vietnamese food. On the Thai side, they also had a dish that kept up. Their greens curry was straight fuego . Super creamy and flavorful. Hitting all the right palates I would say it's a definite yes on coming back. Hit this place up"
Amazing food! Excellent service! The ambience is great. Definitely a must if you are in the area.
Excellent service! The food was fantastic. The menu was very entertaining to read. Definitely will be back when I'm in ATX again! It's on Riverside but is a hidden gem. Only complaint is that they don't really have any parking lot and it's hard to find spot
"This place is insanely good. 10/10. We had the five-part appetizer. Each item was spectacular and paired very well with the sauces. We split the whole duck, which was so tender. The skin gave it a great crisp; the sauce gave it a great tang. Very authentic - reminded me of the duck I had in Beijing.

Server was beyond good. The manager stopped by our table and chatted with us, which added a great touch. Very safe during COVID - everyone had masks, some tables were shut down for social distancing, and hand sanitizer was in several locations.

I cannot recommend this place enough!"
"There's not too many spots in town with good pho, so I was pretty shocked that the pho here is pretty spot on. I ordered the pho rib and was not disappointed at all. A bit gimmicky that they serve it to you with a raw egg and they pour the broth from a kettle, but still good nonetheless. Can't wait to come back and try just the regular combo pho or the oxtail!

We also got the duck wonton soup and it was A+. The flavors were great and not too heavy considering it was duck broth.

A bit on the pricey side but it wouldn't deter us from coming again (looking at u Elizabeth St)"
OMG! IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE! The food and drinks were so yummy and creative. Especially loved how genuine and personable the staff was. They made my friend's birthday very special and the manager himself came to greet us. You must come here!! Fried rice was a 10/10 also!!!
"Have gone back three times since the original review and it looks like they're really starting to hit their stride!

Menu continues to be refined, and after trying several of the other dishes, they're definitely beginning to differentiate the menu in a way that makes 1618 stand out as its destination worthy of a stop.

Their live music stage is actually quite robust, and it's now definitely a place I'd recommend for anyone to visit if they're craving a pan-asian // more date-night style vietnamese restaurant for a fun evening.

Oh, and their Pho is probably the best pho I've had in Austin."
The atmosphere and service were great. I came here an hour before closing and the staff were friendly and attentive. It's more of an upscale restaurant so the portion size holds true to what is expected. This would serve as a nice date night restaurant. The Salt & Pepper Shrimp was tasty and the broth in the Tom yum was out of this world. Personally, I felt like the broth tasted like a mix of Vietnamese Sweet & Sour soup (canh chua) and Thai Tom yum soup. I've tried a plethora of variations of Tom yum but this one stands out the most to me. Would definitely come back here when I am in town.
From the moment my friend and I sat down it was relaxing. The atmosphere was clean and reminded me of my time is SE Asia. Our waiter Fernando was awesome & John the Front House operations manager took time to come and introduce himself because I had told Fernando it was my friends 40th birthday! Duck appetizers were awesome to start off with for an appetizer then we had the Pho , Orange Chicken & Green curry. Everything was perfect. Tasted fresh. Good game out warm. Definitely going back !
They've been open for 5 weeks only but let me tell you they seem like they've been doing this for years. We popped in because we couldn't find any places open between 3 and 5 except for this one. We ordered the old fashion and the Tropical Asian cocktail. The presentation alone of the old fashion was incredible. Then the smoky flavor with the fig syrup absolutely delicious. We tried the grilled octopus and duck skewers for our appetizers. Both really good! For our main entrees, I had the crispy pad Thai and my boyfriend ordered the duck red curry. Both absolutely delicious but that duck red curry was something else. I regret not ordering it. I now know for next time not to make that mistake again. We will definitely be coming back. Service was absolutely great. Epic experience I'd say.
"Updated with photo of Vietnamese Bowl! Sooo good!!!!

As a Korean, I have very high standards for Asian food and rarely care for Asian fusion food. Decided to give this place a try after seeing it on A Taste of Koko's Instagram. 

The interior immediately had me skeptical. It's not your typical hole-in-the-wall place. It's actually very beautifully designed with wood paneling, earth tones, and wall planters. It feels modern but in an Austin-y sort of way. There's even a stage that I hear hosts karaoke night / live music sometimes. 

The food. Oh. My. Goodness. This little place has got to be the best Asian restaurant in Austin! We had the Duck Red Curry and the Filet Mignon Stir Fry with Onion. The curry was phenomenal. Spice level was just right, the duck was fork tender, and the coconut notes were spot on. The filet was cooked perfectly (medium rare is the only way to eat filet!) and the seasoning was amazing, not too salty. After the first bite, it had my mouth watering for more. We ended with mango sticky rice, which was the perfect way to end our post-Valentine's meal on a sweet note. 

Everything was plated beautifully and the service was fast & friendly! Can't ask for anything more from this new favorite restaurant of mine in ATX"
"Took my mom here for lunch, and we each ordered a noodle soup. The soups were generally tasty enough, but you could tell the dumplings in mine had been frozen. They weren't fresh. I did like that they deboned the duck which most Asian restaurants don't. This is during COVID, so we're fine with giving restaurants some latitude that they may not have the same level of quality as they may otherwise have.

The service was perfectly nice. They didn't have the outside patio set-up for the day, so we asked if they could put up a covered table for us. The waiter seemed less than thrilled to do it, but he did it anyway. It was lunch time. Three other tables ended up setting up outside too."
This place is so good! I got the crispy pad thai and it was a game-changer. I could honestly eat it everyday! My girlfriend got the orange chicken and is was also really good. Both dishes had a subtle heat so if you're really sensitive you might want to let your server know. Speaking of the servers, everyone was so pleasant! That paired with the ambiance of the jazz band made for an awesome dining experience. I can't wait to come back!
"Pho is 4 1/2  (for restaurant quality that is impressive for me) 
Stir fry filet mignon was good (shaken beef) 5  
Lamb chop  4  the sauce that came with was not good. 
Sampler everything was good, however EGGROLL was so good! 4  
Fried calamari 5  love the dipping sauce
Grilled octopus 4  
Dry noodles (hu thieu kho) 4  
General tsao chicken 3  although it was good. It could have been crispier. Compared to everything else I couldn't rate it more. I wouldn't order this again. 
Sticky mango was good, but it taste like all the other. It didn't stand out. 
Cheesecake was good too. 

Service 5  

If you're in Austin, should be on the list to try. Thinking about going again before we leave. 

All the food was shared between 4 people. It was a lot, but I really wanted to try everything I could. I say I because it was really me and they went along with it. It was not disappointing."
Man this place is always so on point. Have prob eaten here 5-6 times, everything has been great. Dining in at the bar, the bartender is super fun and makes dinner really enjoyable. Incredibly consistent. Their anniversary party was also top notch! One of my favorite pad Thais in town, and the portions are great value!
I came here celebrating my birthday. My friends actually picked out this place and I'm glad they did. We were sat inside but still had a gorgeous view of the outdoors. Everyone was so very kind and asked for my name and the staff wrote me a birthday card and sang to me. They offered to store our cake in their fridge till we were ready. The food was amazing as well. I asked for the chicken yellow curry extra spicy and they definitely delivered! Also got the big sampler platter as an appetizer which didn't disappoint. Wish it was closer since I live in Manor! Boooo. I'll for sure make the trip back soon.
"Yes yes yes!!! Finally a great Asian restaurant in the area! This place is beautiful, has amazing ambience, a great menu and everything was on point. I've never had tempura shrimp like this before! My boyfriend said it was the best Vietnamese bowl he'd had in Austin - which was very surprising. 

I had the salt and pepper shrimp. It was incredible! I'd get it again in a heartbeat. They also have a full bar. 

One note - the music was not great. Maybe bc they just opened they didn't have their music license yet? Hope it improves!! Great restaurant and incredible food"
"First time dining at this restaurant and I'm very impressed with the ambiance. I ordered the Grilled Lamb Chops and their Pho Steak Brisket and both were delicious! Also love the presentation of their dishes! My Server was Ar John and his service was top notch! 
I will definitely dine here again when I return to Austin, TX"
The hype is real on this place. We ordered takeout the other night and got the grilled octopus, the yellow chicken curry, and the regular chicken Pad Thai. It was all absolutely delicious. Hands down the best curry and Pad Thai I've had in austin. The grilled octopus was cooked perfectly too. We'll definitely be back to dine in and try out all their cocktails that were priced surprisingly cheap!
"The interior feels ""cold"" and unfinished. Materials feel cheap. I would have no problem with this whatsoever since the price point is fairly low, I guess seeing 5 stars o. Yelp made me expect more. Food is ok, ""crispy onions"" on my papaya salad were soggy and the fish sauce overpowered the salad for my taste anyway. Calamari was too greasy. Service was very nice and the duck we had for entree was very nice. It's an ok place if you come with no expectations"
"This place is super good!! From the food to the service, it definitely exceeded my expectations :) Our server was Brian! He was attentive, nice and made sure we weren't forgotten. The manager or owner, Kevin, he was so nice as well, he came to the table and chatted with us, also asked if we wanted the fan facing the babies at the table since it was warm outside. So considerate! I would recommend eating outdoors here, it was nice and relaxing. 

 I had the crispy fried pad thai (would recommend! Something unique), the Saigon fried chicken wings (rate 5/5, crispy and had a lot of flavor) and the calamari (rate 5/5, loved it!). My family also loved their meal. Too many orders to list, but overall everything was good!"
This a great neighborhood spot. There's PARKING and the food and drinks are reasonably priced for this area. Food is good not the best but a great spot for all the things listed above.
Exemplary service, beyond accommodating, and the food presentation is five stars all the way! I've never seen an orchid as a garnish but it is gorgeous
"Wow I am so impressed with 1618! I am from the Bay Area, and since moving to Austin, I missed good Asian food. I almost gave up on finding a good spot, but then I tried 1618. I was skeptical because of my poor experiences in Austin trying to find good Thai and Vietnamese, but 1618 is incredible! 

I ordered the Vietnamese bowl, filet mignon curry, and their egg rolls. Wow! All gluten free too! So delicious, and tastes authentic also. 

I ordered once through Postmates, and it was steaming hott when it was delivered.

1618 is going to be a part of my permanent rotation. I would love to dine in one day, but for now I'll be doing take out and delivery :)."
"Our meal was excellent! Service was quick but not rushed. Portions were just the right size. So much flavor in each dish and there were 5 of us. Each of us was very pleased with our choices. 
I also felt comfortable with the Covid precautions that were taken. They do give you paper menus but if you're really concerned, you should be carrying pocket sanitizer so it's not a big deal."
Just opened what a wonderful place inside, even during covid this place had a good amount of food and liquor options, Arjohn was great at explaing there menu. Food was bomb
"This place is great! Located on Riverside and the best part - there is FREE parking! 

The inside is awesome - cool wooden decor and very modern. The staff was friendly and the service was good.

We ordered the octopus (which was a tiny bit spicy) and the duck skewer and one of the noodle bowls. It was a pretty good serving and each dish is $10-$15 which is super reasonable.

The menu is pretty large so I can't wait to come back and try more things!"
Brand new to Austin, and thus was the first place we ate. I made a reservation over Yelp, and when we arrived a table was all ready for us! We had the coconut rice and the tofu yellow curry, both were delicious. Also the sample appetizer was great for sharing. Great service and great food!
"I visited 1618 Asian Fusion with my family for their soft opening and was greatly impressed with all areas of what makes a restaurant great...

The ENVIRONMENT:
An ambient contemporary and modern color setting with options for full stage performances. This is a new restaurant so everything was kept very clean and well organized. We truly enjoyed the wavy wood design ceiling leaving one feeling peaceful and creative at the same time. Their stage was not yet operational but the potential for fun entertainment is definitely there in the future and we can't wait to check it out later! We already saw people holding birthday parties here which said a lot about comfort and ease for big gatherings.

The SERVICES:
The service staff waiters and waitresses were exceptionally friendly and happily recommended to us what they felt as good food options to try on our first visit. They visited our table often enough thereafter to refill our water and check up on our needs while never once being pressuring for us to leave. They also smile often even while standing on the side waiting to service, a rare sight indeed!

The FOOD:
We ordered appetizers Grilled Octopus and Papaya Salad and they did not disappoint. They served 6 octopi on skewer sticks nicely grilled and very well seasoned. The papaya salad was super delicious seasoned perfectly and almost taste like authentic Vietnamese papaya salad, making me homesick! For our main course we ordered their signature dish Imperial Crispy Redsnapper and Pho Brisket/Filet Mignon for our little daughter. The crispy redsnapper was one of the tastiest fish dish I've ever had since moving to Austin. It is nicely seasoned and slightly sweeten to the taste and super crispy to eat! Highly recommended! Our daughter loved her Pho, we tried some as well and truly enjoyed how tender and juicy the filet mignon were! All the food we ordered from appetizers to main courses were beautifully presented making this feel like fancy dining, yet, everything were reasonably priced and served in sizable portions with decent waiting times!

Overall, we would give 1618 Asian Fusion 5+++ stars if we could since they've met and exceeded in all areas that make us feel like true fine dining without breaking the bank. We highly recommend this restaurant for all family and friends gathering and party goers as well (they also served alcohol) and we can't wait to return again to check out their full menu once they officially open!"
Amazing. The red curry duck and crab fried rice were our favorites. We went for my husband's birthday. Great celebration dinner. Loved the atmosphere. Food was soooo good. And great service too!
Delivery and curbside pick up options are great and super easy/quick. My go-to order is the pork vermicelli bowl and mango sticky rice, 10/10 every time.
The food was delicious and the service was excellent! My drinks never got empty before the waitress refilled them. My husband and I will definitely be back!
Let me start this by saying, I LOVE PHO, but I'm a bit picky with it.  1618's pho was one of my favorites.  The broth was dark, delicious, and complex - it was so good.  The other ingredients were all so fresh and delicious it made for one delicious bowl of pho.  I can't wait to try other dishes on their menus because if it's even close to as good as their pho I'm sure I will love it.
"Just had an amazing meal here, courtesy of Eric and the team at 1618. It was my first time dining in, and they absolutely knocked it out of the park.

The service here is, I think, exceptional. I'm a pretty low maintenance guy, but I really appreciate the white glove treatment I received. Eric was extremely friendly and accommodating, and really took charge and owned our experience. The interior ambiance of the restaurant is also very nice, definitely not what you would expect, being in a mixed use development and all.

I ordered the chicken skewers, which I loved last time, and they did not disappoint. Super tender & smokey, very satisfying and I will need to try the duck skewers next time. I also sampled the tom yum kha which was light and refreshing, with a touch of heat. 

As for the entrees, my wife ordered the red curry, and she was delighted. It really made her afternoon. I initially wanted the oxtail pho, but Eric let me know that I would want the beef rib variant instead, and he was completely right. The pho here is has a lighter & fresher broth than some of the other pho places I've frequented on the North side. The noodles aren't vermicelli noodles, I don't think. They are a bit wider and more translucent. I could be wrong. The broth was poured over the noodles tableside, out of a kettle, and the pho was also served with a raw egg. Never had pho with raw egg - it proved to be a great addition. The star of the show was the heaping portion of beef rib, resembling two prehistoric tusks, jutting out of the bowl with a presence. The smoked flavor absolutely killed it. And the sizable portion is going to suit me well later tonight. 

The best part is that our meal, 2 drinks, 3 appetizers and 3 entrees came out to a tidy $60. I think this place is a steal for the service and quality of food. I am very excited to come back again and delve further into the menu!"
My boyfriend and i are from san antonio and decided to try this place out and it didn't disappoint! not only was the food amazing and authentic BUT the service was AMAZING. our server Bryan/Brian went above and beyond for us. We will definitely be back.
Pleasantly surprised by the level of authenticity of these south East Asian dishes! Love that they are vegan friendly as well and looking to add more dishes they can veganize. Our first time here we made the mistake of getting the vegetable curry which was absolutely creamy and delicious, but not vegan since they use a shrimp paste in it. No worries, the tofu vermicelli bowls are satisfying and flavorful as well as the vegan pho! Grab some egg rolls for apps and wonderful cocktails (real dragonfruit?! Yes!) and you'll be set for the night.
"The lemon grass stick in the duck skewers make the dish special. Also ordered tom yum soup, I like the level of spicy and sourness. My frd ordered wonton soup, he thought it is too sweet for him, but i think it is acceptable. They have their own way of making wonton,which tasted a little bit different than the ones i had. 
Entree: pineapple fried rice. Lots of ingredients, tastes good. Not too moist and not too dry. 
Environment: relaxing, but the volumn of music could be a little bit lower(couldn't hear the waiter well)"
"My girlfriend wanted to go here but I hesitated going to a place that describes itself as Asian fusion. Boy was I wrong! The interior is beautiful, the five dishes I've tried have been full of flavor while still feeling balanced and healthy. 

We came a second time on Saturday night to find a long wait time. Fortunately the bar pulled two extra chairs out of storage so we could eat without having to wait. We were too hungry to wait for a table. The service is excellent and the bill for two including drinks is significantly lower than it is across the river, closer to downtown. We will be back. Oh, and I forgot to mention they had live music too."
"WOW!!! I am TOTALLY impressed with this place! The food was amazing! The hostess was so kind and friendly!! The wait staff all worked together as a team/family and they killed it!!! Our waiter was so kind. He went above and beyond for me and my husband. They answered every question we had about the menu. They never rushed us. It was clean and beautiful inside and out. 

We sat on the patio and it was just the perfect little spot. They had fans and misters out there to help keep it cool. 

We had made reservations and they had our table already set with our napkins and menus. It was set so pretty. 

The food!! SO GOOD!!!

We ordered Tropical Asian drink with the 1618 Eggrolls to start....OMG! BOTH were phenomenal! I can't say enough about these two items. So good. 
Then for our entrees we had the Thai Pineapple Fried Rice and the Thai Tom Yum Fresh Coconut Fried Rice....DELICIOUS!! Wow. Just so good.

The whole experience was so pleasant. I will be going back!!!"
Beautiful space! A place you would go for drinks any time of day. If you've never tried Hanoi coffee, this place serves it in a beautiful glass cup (wish I could take it home). Pro tip: slurp it with the wafer cookie like a straw. Food highlights: grilled octopus believe it or not! I didn't think I would like it, but it was Smokey, crunchy and not too chewy as octopus can often be. Recommended entree dishes would be the duck and lemongrass over vermicelli and pineapple fried rice. My only critique would be for more rice to be served with the curry.
Literally so good. Good service, good food, good atmosphere. A vibe. Get the calamari, filet mignon with onion, spicy salmon in banana leaf, honestly anything is worth getting. The price is not bad at all and the food is high quality. Fine dining!
"When I hear the phrase ""Asian Fusion"", I get pretty skeptical. When you focus on 3-4 countries' cuisine at one restaurant, how can everything taste equally good? Oh boy did 1618 asianfusion prove me wrong. Their menu includes Thai food, pho, hu tieu, fried rice, whole fried fish, and is now the only place in Austin that serves Hanoi Egg Coffee.

We ordered family style. EVERYTHING was delicious. The duck skewers and lamb chops were super tender. We got the appetizer sampler to share and cleaned the plate. Thai pineapple fried rice had just the right amount of flavor and spiciness to it. My friend ordered a whole fried red snapper, and we made our own spring rolls. You can order the rice paper and other ingredients on the side of the fried fish even though it's not on the menu. The restaurant itself is big and inviting with plenty of natural lighting. It's slightly pricey but for the quality of the food, it's totally worth it. I am very curious on what their Pho broth taste like. I can't wait to go back soon to try it."
Wow! How cute of a restaurant. Great cocktail and wine selection. All of their food was on point!!! We started with the pork belly and shrimp spring rolls along with the dumplings. Orange chicken, pad Thai, and pineapple fried rice were all amazing! The service was really the reason for my review. They were short staffed due to COVID but that didn't affect their service at all. Wonderful hostess and our server Sonya was amazing.  We'll be back!
"I absolutely love this place. The food is delicious, the service is excellent and the ambiance is great. 
We had papaya salad with shrimp for appetizer (the best papaya salad I've ever had), fillet mignon pepper steak and brisket and fillet mignon pho for main and mango sticky rice for dessert. Absolutely everything was delicious and I can't wait to come back here again. Our waiter Brian was an absolute delight, very attentive and helpful."
"Everything about this place surprised me.  

Walking in, I was surprised at the large space, beautifully decorated, very modern, and generally impressed with the vibe. There was a young lady singing cover songs to set the mood. She was good!

The food: Sooo good!
We had the lamb chops, whole fried delicious fish, octopus skewers, egg rolls, papaya salad.. basically everything was good!

The service: Super quick and ready to get you what you need.

I totally recommend this spot and would come back again if ever in town."
Best pho ever. The place is warm and nice. Will  definitely come back to this wonderful restaurant
"I don't know where to even start with 1618... thank you for feeding me! Thank you for your talent! Because that is what this food is- talent. I got the pine apple fried rice and the egg rolls. My initial thought while scrolling through Postmates was, ""wow, that's expensive."" And don't get me wrong, the price is high for this cuisine, BUT so worth it! The egg rolls were such a perfect Vietnamese style egg roll. When I touched it the crisp stuck to my hand. It was perfectly golden. The taste was amazing and I loved the duck sauce. The fried rice was so sweet and spicy and I loved the pineapple! I also like pineapple on pizza, so this was totally my thing. The shrimp were so flavorful and the duck!!! The duck was amazing! A little gamey for my taste, but that's duck. It had so much flavor and it was glazed nicely. The fact that it was served in a pineapple was so cool! My boyfriend was a pretty picky eater before I came along, and he loved the fried rice to the point of atealingcan not wait to come back and try all the appetizers and get some pho and grab some other fun entrees! 
We went to the patio for my birthday and the service was great! We got the general Taos chicken, the pineapple fried rice, the green curry, the coconut fried rice and shrimp, and the rack of lambs. We shared a couple bottles of wine too. My sister didn't love the coconut fried rice and was disappointed that they didn't put it in a coconut like the menu describes it. My boyfriends chicken wasn't as spicy as before. The rack of lambs was a bit overcooked but so very flavorful. The green curry was delicious. The Thai pineapple was delicious! We also got the appetizer sampler. The buns were by far the best thing! The chicken satay was pretty good. Like before, I didn't like the spring rolls. The egg rolls were once again perfect. The fried wontons were really good! Overall, we will definitely be back several times! Some will choose spicier dishes and some will pick more mild dishes."
"First time in Austin and found 1618 via Yelp. What a find. We are Bay Area based and are spoilt with amazing Asian food. 1618 topped all Thai and Vietnamese restaurants we have been to!  Such friendly and accommodating staff. We had the yellow curry with Japanese tofu. Intense flavors. Also the  crispy pad Thai. Amazing. 

Came back two days later and repeated the order. 

Place is been open only three weeks!"
We were in the neighborhood, and really wanted to see if we might be able to dine in.  Guess what?  They have in restaurant dining (following the social distancing rules of course).  Well we wanted to try something new and we ordered O5. THAI TUM YUM FRESH COCONUT FRIED RICE and the P7 Pho Rib and both were excellent!  For the Pho Rib Soup, they pour the hot beef broth into the bowl at the table. It was very good presentation! We also had a Green Tea and an unsweetened Tea, and they too, were great.  Service was a bit slow, but we chalk that up to the social distancing phenomenon, so no negatives on that at all.  If you are in the area and want some of the best Pho around, do give this restaurant a try.  We will be back!
"Visiting Austin from Odessa - land of shit food. Anyway, 1618 was out of this world yummy. 

Get the brisket fried rice and pepper steak - you won't be sorry.

We're already looking at the menu to see what we're ordering in a couple of days. 

Can't wait to be back."
Had a 10/10 great time here the green curry specifically is to die for. The entire pricing is not bad at all considering we had a server and server assistant. We had our drinks refilled OFTEN, the cocktail menu hits, there was a drink cart that came around serving imported liquors for $5 all in all amazing
Lamb chops were the best i have ever eaten in Austin! Been there several times and i dont remember anything i order disappointing me.
"There's a reason this place has all 5-star reviews: it's GOOD.

Since the pandemic, I've never had the chance to dine-in at this spot, but I'm extremely lucky to live within their free in-house delivery radius. You can also order on UberEats, but if you live within 3 miles, they will also delivery directly from 1618I for no fee! I've ordered from here about 4-5 times and every time it's great! Here's a few menu items my husband and I have tried... if you want to save some time reading and prefer to just know if you should order your food from here already, I can summarize: EVERYTHING on the menu is good, and yes, order away. 

- Appetizers: we've tried the egg rolls (shrimp + pork, and the veggie ones) , they are AWESOME and come with this badass sweet and sour dipping sauce that's a tiny bit spicy. They're never greasy but they're crispy on the outside in the best possible way! We've also had the fried dumplings, spring rolls, appetizer platter (that's my husbands favorite) and tom kha soup. You can't go wrong, but if you're looking for munchies to snack on while you binge Netflix, def recommend the appetizer platter so you can try the egg rolls, satay, buns, and fried wontons.

- Entrees: I keep ordering the Vegan Vermicelli bowl, because it's delicious and healthy, so you feel good after you eat it too. I like the one with tofu and veggie egg rolls, but have also had the one with avocado and grilled tofu, and they are both delicious. It's basically a spring roll in a bowl! My husband is a Sesame Chicken enthusiast, and he LOVES the Sesame Chicken from 1618. Good quality chicken, the sauce flavor and the fact that it's not greasy, it's just saucy but somehow the chicken still stays crispy under all the sauce. Our two year old also approves. Apparently good Sesame Chicken is an art- who knew? I've also had the Chicken Pad Thai and it was solid. 

On my To-Try List: the Tom Kha Coconut Fried Rice and the Pineapple Fried Rice, and the Green Curry with filet mignon!

Drinks: The Thai Iced Tea is particularly awesome at 1618. Not sure what they do differently to make it so special, but I can't order from here without getting it."
I placed a Togo order, because of quarantine. I ordered the Pad Thai with tofu instead of chicken. I thought it was good! I would probably go back once this is over to actually sit down and eat and try the other items on the menu.
I can't believe we scored so big coming to this place. Thank you my fellow yelpers for this gem! In town for a friend's wedding and craving asian food for the gods. I tell my friend let me find a good asian place to eat I just want good Chinese. And let's face it is hard to find. So yelping my way in I discovered this place and with 5 stars nevertheless I say to self... let's go. Walking in this place smells legit.. looks legit and is legit!  Wow... I can't explain but looking around and seen people trully happy and enjoying their meal made me jump for joy. We ordered the pineapple fried rice, general's ck and white rice. We devoured the food to say the least. The rice has shrimp, duck and probably crab meat I think. With pineapple, basil, onions and other little bits of goodness. I love this rice so much and really think is the best I have ever had. The generals ck was tangy, sweet, good crunch and juice ck with real pieces ok meat in it. Very hearty indeed. The sauce is just delicious. I can't deal with this find and the food. Our server was super attentive, new the menu well and by the way this is a very new location. Did I say I can't with this place? So listen.... you need to open in Dallas just for me and don't worry I'll bring my friends. In fact I think for my bday I will ask my husband to bring me here. Is that good! I am a sucker for all asian flare and this place has my heart. Good job!
This new restaurant is amazing! The design, the service the food. Everything was magnificent. I can't wait to visit again.
The pineapple fried rice and the crispy pad Thai were amazing! Also ordered the Pho Brisket and Filet Migon. There is a reason why this place has five stars!
Wonderful ambience. The staff is real attentive and friendly. The food though is incredible! Will be back :)
Our first time dining here but certainly not the last.  Fantastic food, great service and excellent atmosphere.  From the fresh food to the hospitality and to top it off, some great music playing to set the scene.  A place to come to often.  Can't wait to come back.
I love this place! The atmosphere is so classy but modern. The combo rice is my favorite. I think is the best fried rice I ever tried. Service is absolutely amazing. Servers looks very happy and proud to work there.  My favorite bartender is Shana. She makes sure everyone at the bar is having a great time while there.  It's definitely my favorite bar in Austin so far.
"8/10
Eat again? Definitely 

Overall
Every time I come here I have a positive experience. Everyone who works here is extremely friendly and helpful. The food is reliably delicious and the outdoor dining is pleasant on a nice day. 

Favorite dish: calamari 
The calamari here is so. good. I literally get it every time. It's crispy and savory with a tangy sauce. It's a must get. 

Also got: green thai iced tea and Peking duck 
The green Thai iced tea is also a must get. It's just sweet enough and pairs perfectly with the food. The Peking duck was a pretty reliable meal, yummy and enough for 2-3 to share. 

Ambience
Everyone working at this restaurant is very nice and helpful. The dining area seems clean and decently spaced apart. I would recommend the outdoor seating area for a comfortable lunch or dinner out."
Delicious food, lots of gluten free options and staff was knowledgeable about cross contamination, lots of vegetarian options as well. Great service. Restaurant was clean and they were practicing social distancing. Loved it.
Brand new Vietnamese-Thai fusion cuisine restaurant in town! All the foods were really tasty and fresh! Great drinks selection from the bar! Their non alcohol drinks are also great, just in love with the egg coffee! Great service! Love the atmosphere too, they have bands coming in weekend for live music! Really live up too Austin' night lifestyle!
Amazing place! Everyone must try it. The place is very clean. The servers are amazing, everyone is super nice and friendly. The food is top quality. The food is also really fresh. If you like Thai food! You must go
I was able to dine in here before the pandemic and man, I miss dining in! The ambiance and decor is lovely. It will be awhile before I dine in again, but thank god for take out! 1618 has been doing take out consistently well this entire time. Their pineapple fried rice, lamb chops, and chicken pad thai are to die for. Egg rolls are delish too. This restaurant is definitely on my take out rotation for now. Not many good asian restaurants here in Austin IMO, but this place hits the spot.
"The inside of this place is really nice, looks very fancy and elegant. We got our food to go.

I had a tofu dish and it was okay, the tofu was good but the vegetables were minced too small to eat and the sauce was a bit weird. Overall the dish was good, but nothing special. The prices were okay, wasn't the cheapest but matches the environment/setting.

I would give this place another try!"
I came in on a Friday night and there wasn't many people so the wait for my food was not long at all. I ordered the calamari with a mango tequila to compliment my food. One thing i would recommend for people to try from this place is the calamari! The taste has truly opened my eyes for the better (not being dramatic at all)! But seriously, i have never tasted anything like it and if i come back I am definitely ordering this again. I came with a friend and we ordered a crispy pad Thai and pineapple fried rice and both with shrimp. I couldn't eat meat because it was lent but my friend had tried the duck inside the fried rice and said that it was amazing! The crispy fried rice was okay for me, I wanted to try something different but I much rather prefer the regular pad thai. I saw the table next to me order some Thai teas and had the craving so i ordered the matcha Thai tea and it was soooo good! Our server was very accommodating and really walked through the menu with me and gave me recommendations along the way which i loved!Honestly i have no bad opinions about this place and I would come back again the next time I visit Austin!
The atmosphere was lovely. As a vegetarian I enjoyed the vegan bowl. I was however disappointed with the limited vegetarian items on the menu. The vegetable pho is made with beef broth, the pad thai cannot be made without fish sauce, the Vietnamese vegetable noodles are made with pork broth, and the two vegetable curries don't have a veg symbol next to them on the menu so I'm not sure. It's close to my house and I like that they have a stage for live music. I really hope that they will be more inclusive of plant based eaters so I can become a regular.
"I don't know where to even start with 1618... thank you for feeding me! Thank you for your talent! Because that is what this food is- talent. I got the pine apple fried rice and the egg rolls. My initial thought while scrolling through Postmates was, ""wow, that's expensive."" And don't get me wrong, the price is high for this cuisine, BUT so worth it! The egg rolls were such a perfect Vietnamese style egg roll. When I touched it the crisp stuck to my hand. It was perfectly golden. The taste was amazing and I loved the duck sauce. The fried rice was so sweet and spicy and I loved the pineapple! I also like pineapple on pizza, so this was totally my thing. The shrimp were so flavorful and the duck!!! The duck was amazing! A little gamey for my taste, but that's duck. It had so much flavor and it was glazed nicely. The fact that it was served in a pineapple was so cool! My boyfriend was a pretty picky eater before I came along, and he loved the fried rice to the point of stealing it. We can not wait to come back and try all the appetizers and get some pho and grab some other fun entrees!
Edit: I ordered again and I got the spring rolls and the general tsaos chicken. The chicken tasted good and you could tell it was fresh. But not rave worthy. The spring rolls were not my thing at all. Overall I'll keep trying other dishes but the fried rice might be the winner."
The food was excellent. We ordered lamb rack and chicken red curry and they're really great. Our server was really nice. Not only him, other staff were really really nice. We had a great dinner there. Will for sure return next time!
Lovely ambiance and fantastic Thai! Absolutely delish! Thai tea, Filet Mignon Green Curry, Chicken Red Curry, Calimari- all were totally amazing! Such a find!
LOVE THIS PLACE! Amazing menu selection they have something for everyone! And let me tell you, the restaurant is so beautiful, dining experience was impeccable and couldn't have been any better. Food was fresh full of flavor and delicious.
Wow! Wow! Wow! I ordered food for delivery while staying at The Kimpton Van Zandt. Seeing the reviews, I was hopeful that it would be good food but was not prepared for the explosion of flavors and great quality to surpass all my expectations! I wish I lived in Austin so I could dine here on the regular! I ordered spring rolls, green papaya salad, pad Thai and pineapple fried rice. Everything was amazing!! Thank you for such delicious food!! I am saving this spot for whenever my travels bring me back to Austin!
This place is not too bad. I appreciate their service, ambience, and different dishes. I honestly probably won't come back here even though I had a positive experience. I don't find the the food to be better than average, and especially for this price point - I don't find it justifiable. Crispy Pad Thai was good. The pho was very meh. The ha noi egg custard coffee was different but in a good way. For my friends, I'd say this place is worth a try.
"Came here for dinner on a Saturday night, and made a reservation to sit on the patio beforehand. The patio was really nice and the indoor seating looked great too!
I was immediately impressed with the service at the restaurant. Our server, Brian, was very friendly and attentive. The food came out pretty quickly, and we started with the Five Sampler. I really loved the dumplings and bao. Everything tasted so fresh and authentic. For main courses, we did the yellow curry with tofu, pork noodle bowl with shrimp, and the crispy pad Thai. All the food was amazing! The portion sizes were large and had great flavors. We got the passion fruit cheesecake for dessert and WOW. It was a layer of coconut, cake, and cheesecake. It's a must-try dessert here! At the end of the meal, Brian brought out a bottle of hand sanitizer for us to use, which was impressive during this covid time. 
Overall, I was amazed by this restaurant and can't believe I didn't know about it sooner. I will definitely be back to try some different menu items!!"
Soo good! I had some happy hour foods, the pork belly was amazing! I had the coconut fried rice and it was so tasty. I loved the presentation also. The shrimp were so big! The service was nice too! I will definitely be returning to this restaurant again, I want to try the pho next time and see how it is, I saw that a few people had it. The dessert was good too, I tried the mango sticky rice! Yum
This was a great place! Cool ambience, super nice staff, and very good food. The pineapple fried rice was flavorful and fresh. The Peking duck was so crispy and delicious! The grilled octopus was very tender. The sampler platter appetizer was an awesome way to try a few things. I could eat a bowl of those little eggrolls and fried pork wontons! The only downside were the drinks. The old fashioned was really strong and the Red Snap was just ok. Overall I loved it and will be back!
Food was good but nothing spectacular. Prices were high for what you get.  Customer service is hard to describe since it was very inconsistent. There were only two customers in the entire restaurant, yet I had to wait to be seated and it took forever for the dishes I ordered. I had two different waiters, the first ended up disappearing and then another one took over who was very good. I'm not quite sure what all the other staff was doing.  The owner was there, but made no attempt to interact with the customers.  I think I will continue to look elsewhere for Asian fusion.
"In Austin for work and stumbled on to this restaurant during thier soft opening. WOW, this please is setting the standard for service. Friendly, caring and yes even Charming these words describe the female server that helped me. Also, to a lerfer degree the entire staff.
The setting is residential and mixed use. The dining area is welcoming and spacious, upscale use of natural materials and a very  large open window filled the room with a sense of being comfortable in the outdoors.
The food was delicious, the spring rolls, tso's chicken and octopus skewers are solid. The Vietnamese bowl was the star of the show.
Drink selection was limited for the opening and a full bar is being opened this week. The lychee martini balanced and not too sweet, the second was even better."
Literally the best restaurant experience I've ever had in my life, not exaggerating!! We came to celebrate my boyfriends birthday and it couldn't have been more perfect! From the extremely kind staff (especially our server Brian) to the candle lit lantern they brought to each table for the sunset, I'm in awe! We had the filet and brisket pho, chicken pad Thai, and the sampler app, SO good. Then they ended it with a surprise complimentary cheesecake with a candle to celebrate! 10 stars deserved
Amazing food and service! We got the Peking duck and it was some of the best food I've had. Jordan was our waiter and his recommendations were amazing, he recommended an amazing bottle of wine for us. Definitely will be returning!
Their delivery is so fast and food is so fresh. Its the best, we continue to order here once a week because we cant get enough.
My husband and I came here today for lunch and were blown away with the impeccable food and service at this location. Our server Bryan was very personable and made our experience that much better. It was not just amazing food, but an amazing experience. The atmosphere and ambiance is top of the line. We will definitely be returning back.
Literally everything we ate here was so delicious! We came to eat for my brother's birthday and are happy we choice this restaurant. I definitely recommend the 5 Sampler for starters and the pork dried noodles! Bryan, our server, was so nice, accommodating and took great care of us. John, the manager, also stopped by our table and was funny and hospitable. 5 STARS! We will be back!
"Really great food and very accommodating to dogs :)
Pho was so delicious!  really happy we discovered this place."
Delicious food, modern design, and super friendly staff.  HIGHLY recommend this place to everyone!
I was looking for a nice asian restaurant for my 21st birthday and sure enough, this was it! The food was not only delicious (I got the Vietnamese bowl with pork and eggrolls - definitely recommend) but the service and staff were so kind and intentional in all that they did! Definitely worth the price. I am so glad that I got to celebrate my birthday with 1618 Asian Fusion. I will be back and for anyone considering trying this place out, do it!
This was such a treat! My family and I really enjoy Thai food and lucky for us we found this beautiful location. As you walk in the setup is spacious, clean and welcoming. The service was quick, friendly, and helpful. We ordered the pad Thai, vegetables and pineapple fried rice (it came in a pineapple shell). It was delicious! The Thai tea was also refreshing and had great flavor. Finally we had the mango sticky rice dessert and that completed our meal. I look forward to returning with more friends and family.
"An amazing new spot for Asian food in Atx brought to you by the owners of 888. This is a classier and hipper version. They take southeast Asian food and give it a little spin to it. They got live music here and It's a cute date place!

I really enjoyed it but my parents and grandparents thought everything was too greasy and sweet for them. In my opinion it is not fully authentic however it is the best fusion that's closest to authenticity. If that makes sense. It's like 98% authentic. They definitely cater the taste to the American tastebud = more sweet/fats

My favorite dish was the calamari, thai crispy red snapper in tamarind sauce, Saigon grilled lamb chops, Saigon chicken wings,and the crispy pad thai.
I don't recommend the Thai tum yum fresh coconut fried rice. It was hard to get the rice out of the coconut. It was aesthetic though.

In all I really enjoyed the food here! Would definitely come back!

Follow me on insta: eatwithlilz 
#eatwithlilz"
Ordered take out from 1618 last night; it was our first time trying it out. I recently moved to Austin and I'm so glad I found a great spot for delicious take out right on riverside. Everything we ordered was amazing, and perfectly seasoned! The fast delivery was just the cherry on top. Great job guys!
Great food! Service is top notch.  Aesthetically beautiful decor  Filet mignon plates are a standout.  iLive music on the weekends.  Just ate here and can't wait to come back . This place just opened a few weeks ago.  Would definitely recommend
Flew into Austin en route to San Antonio and were hungry. YELPed and found this place with excellent reviews and an interesting menu.  After a bit of a wait (understandably popular place), our expectations were exceeded on every level.  Number one, the food was UNBELIEVABLE.  We shared a sweet and spicy shrimp dish and a green curry filet mignon dish, both of which were excellent.  The jazzy vibe was awesome!  And the service was impeccable!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Deserves its hundreds of 5 stars. Mind-blowing seafood and curries. On the pricey side but hella worth it. Get the spicy shrimp and the banana leaf steamed salmon. And everything else on the menu.
Great food and awesome service!!! The place is pretty nice as well. Ordered a Pad Thai Chicken with Fresh Spring Rolls. One of the best I have tasted!!!
"1618 is aesthetically beautiful with its natural decor of wood and plants surrounding the restaurant. The hostess could use some work, but other than that our service was great. As its name states, 1618 is an Asian Fusion restaurant. If you are expecting traditional nationalistic items, 1618 ain't it. Instead, think of it as Asian Food with an added touch of pizazz.

We ordered the Crispy Pad Thai, Vietnamese Styled Chicken Wings, and our favorite, the Filet Mignon Pepper Steak. The Crispy Pad Thai is a breaded version of the the normal Pad Thai. It's a bit too fried for me, which steers me to order the regular Pad Thai the next time I'm in. The Vietnamese Styled Chicken Wings can also come across as a bit too much, as it is overdosed with sauce. However, if you save it for the next day, you can actually taste the better flavors such as the lemongrass that enhances these wings. Our all-time favorite which takes the cake is the Filet Mignon Pepper Steak. It was so good, I was contemplating on ordering another one to-go for dinner the next day! Logically, I didn't. But, oh my, you will not regret it! The Filet Mignon we ordered was medium rare per our request, and was SO SO SO SO tender, seasoned well, not salty, and pure perfection. 

They've only been open since January, so come out & support your local businesses during these trying times!"
Alright so this place is pretty interesting. First off, this place is a little too fancy for me personally. For those who want a fancy date night or a more upscale place, this is it. I prefer a more casual setting but it all really boils down to the food. Growing up and traveling to Vietnam many times throughout my 25 years of life I can honestly say their Mi roast duck is actually soooo good. I've had many Mi dishes all over Austin/Houston/Cali and I can seriously say this one is the bomb. In Saigon there's a mi place owned by a family that I think is the best in the world and I can say the one here at 1618 is a very close second. And to me that is IMPRESSIVE. Go try it!
"Has parking and is pretty easy to find. 

Service was fantastic. Nice people, and very quick. 

Food was even better. My wife and I had the egg rolls, crispy pad thai, Hanoi coffee, and lemongrass refresher. All were great.  Definitely get the Hanoi coffee if you've never had it. Maybe as a dessert."
"We stopped in this place on a whim after asking the SUP host where some good Thai food may be. It just so happened to be right next door and I am OH so happy we walked in. This place was awesome! I've had a ton of Asian food - authentic and fusion - and this place definitely lives up to its name, fusion. I have never had some of the flavors that I experienced here. 
I attached photos and descriptions of everything we had. I've literally been craving the egg rolls and margaritas since we left. I can't wait to be in town again so we can go back!!"
Bryan gave us perfect customer service. We will be coming back, & requesting him!! Food was great also
The food was amazing but the wait was ridiculous. My daughter and I found it on yelp and decided to try it out. We went at 5 and there were only 3-4 other tables there. It took 40 minutes to get our food and my 8 year old and I were starving. The staff was nice enough but two ladies behind the bar were talking with profanities and my daughter and I sat at the tables by the bars so we could hear them. Everyone seemed to gather around the bar so when we needed help I had to stand up to find someone since they weren't coming over to check on us. However once we got the food it was really good. It was a shame we had to rush to eat because we were on a time crunch.
There are so many things great about 1918. First the aesthetic before you step into the building is perfectly designed they took consideration into everything. There were quality fans that kept the air circulated, so you wouldn't feel the summer heat. The building itself gorgeous, live performance, live plants, everything is so detailed, even the way they give you your check/receipt. We had a server named Dominique and he was phenomenal. The manager, John, also personally came to us and he was very pleasant. My friends and I were celebrating our graduation and he surprised us with a coconut type of cake and we ALL loved the cake. It was such a beautiful gesture. The food was so phenomenal. My table had the Thai pineapple fried rice, duck skewers, coconut rice, brisket, calamari, filet mignon, the green curry, and the chicken satays. And everything was GREAT!!!! NO COMPLAINTS. There aren't much restaurants that put thought into every detail. It's literally feels like fine dining but the best part is the prices for meals, so affordable and the portion sizes were very filling! The food was like a symphony in our mouths.
The service was fantastic my waiter told me at the beginning that they are open for a trial period trying to get feedback from the community. At the end of my experience I told him I could not think of one way they could have improved. The atmosphere is great the service was awesome and the FOOD! The food was some of the best I have had when it comes to Asian fusion. The red curry is a must have! Go check this place out, you won't be disappointed!
"This place is really yummy! I'm not a fan of fusion restaurants but this was amazing.

We came during COVID  and staff wore masks and is still very accommodating. We had. Service animal and they even brought him a dog bowl! 

Service overall was good. It started slow but food was fast, service was good. She attended to our needs and they even gave us a mosquito spray (they had plants that attracted them to it) 

Food: For an appetizer, we ordered egg rolls (we actually ordered another one because it was 4 rolls and it wasn't enough for the table! Calamari was good and whatever their dipping sauce was FIRE( so good not spicy) !!!!! So tasty and perfect for calamari. I even asked for more sauce to dip my duck in, that's how good it is. We ordered the duck and my FIL had pho! I haven't eaten much duck in my life so i couldn't tell you how good/bad it was. In my opinion is was good a little dry but not bad. My father in law had pho and it tasted good he didn't complain of it either! 

Overall good place to try! So happy that I tried it!"
Amazing food!! We got the pad Thai, orange chicken and sesame chicken and everything was just amazing!! We will be going back very soon!
The food was great! The staff is so friendly and there was live music. There's plenty of seating so it's good for a large group. We ordered the green curry, fried rice, banana leaf salmon and papaya salad and it was great!! I would come back for sure! The prices are reasonable too. The cocktails are delicious.
So good! Not super busy for weekday lunch (during soft opening), so our food was out quickly! Tasted so fresh. Great service. NoT pictured; green curry filet mug on, yellow curry  chicken. All of it was amazing
"So glad we found this restaurant! 
The Grilled Lemongrass Duck Skewer & Pho Rib are awesome!"
Ate here for lunch; it was so cozy and the staff is so nice. We had the duck skewer bowl and the pineapple fried rice which were both delicious. We will definitely be back!
This is my favorite Asian restaurant in Austin. Top tier pho, excellent Chinese and Thai dishes and service is better than most fine dining restaurants. Tried the dim sum menu for the first time and it did not disappoint. Though the price point seems a bit steep, it was definitely an elevated experience and each dish was delicious. Special shoutout to our waiter Brian for being such an excellent host and making sure we had a memorable experience.
"This place! OMG! This is a hidden gem!  The food is delicious and their pho definitely is out of this world!  The 5 sampler is an awesome appetizer to share with friends and their fish and lobster are always fresh!  The servers are so friendly and the General Manager ""Jong"" comes by to check up on you to make sure that you are having a great experience!  The ambience is classy but casual so you don't feel uncomfortable if you are not in your fancy clothes.  The decor is very modern but the food feels like home! This place deserves to be on everyone's ""have to visit"" list especially if you are looking for something different than the normal ""broccoli with beef"" places.  I can go on and on but you have to try it for yourself!  You won't be disappointed..."
"Wow this place is awesome. How has it been many years in austin and we are just finding out about 1618??!  Such phenomenal food. 

The red and green curry are some of the best I've had outside of Thailand. Great pad Thai - tried regular chicken pad Thai and fried pad Thai. I prefer regular but the fried was delicious and a fun modification to a traditional dish. Papaya salad was great, reminds me of what they have in Thailand as well. We also tried the garlic bok choy. Not my thing but hubby liked it well enough. Won't do that again but I'm guessing there are lots of things we need to try here.

What they do right is the flavor and attention to detail in each dish. They do not cut corners and they focus on bold flavors. They seem to care about every dish they make to ensure it is of good quality. Super impressed with this place. Highly recommend. We've done take out both times and it's wonderful. Hope to make it in person post COVID."
My boyfriend and I tried this place today for the first time and it is PHENOMENAL! From the moment we walked in, we knew we were in for a treat because it is beautifully decorated and smelled so so good!! We started with the sampler appetizer and wow! It was a great choice to get a little bit of everything! We were so impressed! Then we shared the crispy pad Thai and that had such an amazing flavor! My boyfriend got a Thai tea that was one of the best Thai teas we've ever had. We ended the meal with the mango and sticky rice dessert and it did not disappoint!! We had such a wonderful date night and know that we will be back!! I can't wait for our next time at 1618!!!
I just wanted some good food during this quarantine and I got it ! This place went above and beyond served me drinks while I waited and my to go order came out fast ! Now let's talk about food ITS FRESH banana leaf wrapped salmon with brown rice the right balance of sweet and spicy ! General Tsos chicken not to heavy oh and the salt and pepper shrimp to die for ! Don't for get the calamari .... I wanna give this place 10 stars customer service speedy service and great food can't wait to visit under better conditions
"Decided to give this new Eastside restaurant a try. So glad we did. Atmosphere is great and service and food were even better. We had both the spring roll and egg rolls as appetizers. The spring roll with pork and lemongrass was delicious. Egg roll was also good but definitely recommend the spring rolls. Our main courses were the salmon steamed in banana leaf in Paneng sauce and the filet mignon with stir fry onions. Both were so good and a lot of food. The filet was cooked perfectly and the sauce was fabulous. The salmon was also perfectly cooked and the sauce was slightly sweet/spicy with an ice Coconut flavor. Our server, Shane, was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive but not overly so. I highly recommend this place!!

Came back again and food was just as good 4 months later. Shane was our server again and he was as great as the first time. Our meal was fantastic!! Please support this restaurant as they serve authentic Vietnamese, Thai and Asian cuisine. Atmosphere is great and customer service couldn't be better!"
"New place around the area. Absolutely lovely staff and service. The decor is very nice without giving too much of a pretentious feel. I would dress a little above casual for this dinner but not a suit and tie.
I assumed it would be a place that's more trendy than it it delicious, but I was mistaken. The food is very reasonably priced while also being presented beautifully. Everything I had actually reminded me of what I would eat as a little girl, very authentic but with their own beautiful presentation. The service was amazing and I would absolutely recommend it to anyone that wants good asian food. The peking duck was delicious, the tom yum was perfect, but the cocktails were very strong! Overall, I would definitely come back again."
This place was delicious. Great menu options, hard to pick from them and excited to come back to try the rest! We ordered grilled octopus as an appetizer, then shared crispy pad Thai and Tso Chicken. Good amount of food. Great service. Amazing atmosphere.
"5 stars? For an Asian restaurant? That's something I rarely see, especially in Austin. 
However, this place definitely lives up to the hype! 
It's much classier than your typical Asian restaurant but the prices were still reasonable. We started with the grilled octopus, and it was as juicy as ever. I got the Duck Red Curry. It was both sweet and had the perfect amount of spice. 
This place comes as a close second to Titaya's for Thai-style curry. 
The service is really great here too. Our server came to check on us many times to make sure everything was good."
"Updated Review 05/24/2020
Due to Covid, I haven't been out for several months now. Lately, I've been trying out grub hub so I ordered some from 1618. I have to say that among all of my orders, 1618 has to be my favorite in terms of packaging. As pictured below, it's very nicely put together. The pricing and portion were perfect, love the meat cut. The food was delivered either on time or earlier as well. After eating here several times and seeing how they are very organized even in times of Covid, I'm going to give them 5 stars! 


This was my first time at 1618, and my experience was good! The restaurant had a cozy, sophisticated vibe to it. It's not a typical hole in the wall Vietnamese restaurant- hence the name is Asian fusion. The menu was simple and had some Thai and Vietnamese dishes. I tried their well-known octopus skewers appetizer and shrimp pad Thai. The dishes were as expected and good. My friend's crispy pad Thai (not pictured) tasted more special than my ordinary pad Thai- I'll have to get it next time. The service was amazing, our waiter was really accommodating and professional. I hope this excellent service will remain the same over time! I only gave it a 4 star rating because I need to go another time to try out their Vietnamese dishes. Overall, I have to say the ambience and pricing are on point- quite affordable and posh."
"Visited the place during the F1 Race weekend...this is an amazing place for Asian Food. The cocktails were good. 
Ordered the Tofu Tom-Yum soup - 5 stars for it. The lemon grass flavor was incredibly fresh. The staff is amazing and the service is good. If in Downtown Austin, this is a place to surely try."
Food was so good!! A group of friends and I ordered combo fried rice, lamb chops, curry salmon, egg rolls, duck skewers and wonton soup.. EVERYTHING was amazing and so flavorful! I'd say definitely order the chops and Salmon!
This place is so good!!! my sisters and I went the service was great and food was even better!!! i got the vermicelli bowl!!!
Great experience. Gives you the fine in dining experience with very reasonable prices. The food is really good and the location/design of the place is great. Service is also exceptional, not to mention the talented and very relaxing live music provided!
The food and ambience were excellent. Our server Jordan did a great job as well. We will be back!
Superb asian restaurant in the heart of Austin. The ambiance is 5/5, as is the service. It's shocking how fair the prices are given the ambiance and service. They also have live music. Food is 4.5/5, it's definitely authentic but caters to the American taste. Will most definitely be back. Austin is really fortunate to have this restaurant.
One of the best dining experiences I've ever had. The customer service was exceptional, there was a live band playing that made the ambience so fun, and he food was incredible. We got the octopus as an appetizer and pho for our meal. Both were so delicious - We were told all seafood is kept fresh and alive in the back until time to be served!!! I could never write a review that would do this place justice. A MUST TRY!
OMG! The pho is amazing here. I came in for the first time and let me tell you it was the best pho I have ever had in my life. Plus the mango sticky rice after eating was also the best. I HIGHLY recommend for you to come here if you want to try pho *chefs kiss* it's delicious. 10 out of 10 will eat again.
This place was really beyond expectations. We came in an hour before they close and the staff were still incredibly courteous and accommodating. The atmosphere was beautiful, staff were lovely, drinks were delicious, and the food was incredible (in looks and taste). Truly a wonderful experience, thank you Sky for a lovely afternoon!
Went there for date night and we will definitely be back! Loved the interior, it was modern and clean. Service was attentive and the food was amazing. I recommend the grilled octopus!
Delicious! Picked up for lunch recently, was fresh and authentic pad Thai (nice and spicy) -enjoyed it and will go there again.
"Hey Austin! There's a new Asian restaurant in town. 1618 Asian Fusion is casual, inviting and most importantly, has excellent food! They're not ""fusion"" per se, because all the dishes are quite authentic but they serve dishes from various Asian countries very, very well. We had the sampler appetizer and it was beautifully presented in a wicker platter with fresh spring rolls, fried spring rolls, a couple of pork belly buns, fried wontons and chicken satay. It came with 4 different sauces which were all freshly made. They definitely did not come from a bottle. They even garnished with edible little flowers! We also ordered pad Thai which rivaled my own except I don't have to slave for hours to make it. The orange chicken was excellent and I don't normally eat this because they're usually so sickly sweet and covered in tons of dough. Not at 1618 Asian Fusion. Theirs was lightly breaded and the sauce was tangy and not syrupy. I would also do this restaurant a complete injustice if I didn't mention that they have the most ""whole fish"" menu items I've ever seen. Some Asian restaurants will have one and it's seasonal and on special. They have about 5 different whole fish in different preparations from their fish tank in the back! You read that right. They have a fish tank. You can't get fresher than that without getting a fishing pole and catching it yourself. I chose the striped bass and it came fried to perfection. Super crispy outside but tender and juicy inside. It was easy to pull it apart with chopsticks and dipped in the citrusy chili sauce that it came with. There was also a mango slaw that was the perfect accompaniment to the fried fish.
1618 Asian Fusion is so new they haven't had their grand opening yet. They have live music on Friday nights and Saturday nights which I'm definitely going to check out. It's located at the Amli Southshore on Riverside so there's plenty of parking in the garage. If you love Asian food, do yourselves a favor and eat here!!! You're welcome."
"My new favorite Asian restaurant!!!

Cool, modern decor. Very attentive and friendly service but best of all is the food!!! As it should be!

We started with the grilled Octopus appetizer. They were 3 skewers of two little octopus. Tender and well seasoned. The highlight was the pineapple purée that came with it. Mmmmmm. 

Next was the Tom Yum Kha soup. It was very good! Chicken, mushrooms, grape tomatoes all in a spicy coconut broth. A great version. 

For the entrees, the Orange Filet Mignon was more than what I even hoped for. I was afraid it might be too sweet and wondered about the tenderness of the beef. It said it was spicy, so I was in. It was perfectly tender, not too sweet and a hint of spice. Personally, I wish it had more spice. It was in a deep brown savory sauce with a side of rice of your choice. We also had the Spicy Pineapple Fried Rice. It had shredded duck and shrimp along with pineapple, basil, red pepper, onions and egg. It was served in a pineapple shell. It was just the right amount of spicy!

There is a free parking garage onsite too. It is a bit more pricey than other places but this is quality. All in all, it was a perfect lunch!"
After reading the reviews and checking out the menu, I knew we had to come here. The food options sounded unique so worth a shot. Ambiance is nice; social distancing is adhered to. A slight delay/wait after seated, but the server(s) were friendly and acknowledged that. And the food makes up for it! We started with the Five Sampler: after the first bite we knew we were in for a delicious adventure. Waxed that just shy of slurping down the dipping sauces. We then ordered Filet Mignon Pepper Steak (super tender and amazing flavors); Thai Pineapple Fried Rice (yup, that's a winner); Roast Duck Red Curry (just put the curry in a large Bill Miller cup and give me a boba straw: the end). Not sure what we were expecting, but this place definitely exceeded our expectations. The flavors were soooo amazing. And our server was so friendly and attentive. Great cap to our day trip here!
This spot was amazing! I had the lemongrass chicken Vietnamese bowl and it was outstanding! The happy hour was a great deal... $5 cocktails! The manager spoke to us and was nothing but kind. We will be back!
Really nice ambience and the dishes look fantastic. Great place for a date night.I think the server was a bit overzealous about the 30% wine discount but he was attentive for everything else. The  calamari tasted like it had been sitting out for a while. I mean, I understand a busy Saturday night and they are turning a ton of tables. Pre made calamari is probably a good idea but you got to make sure that gets consumed quickly. The Saigon lamb rack was perfectly spicy, tender, and delicious. The pad Thai was also very good but not customizable for folks that require a lower spice level. The unlikely star of the whole dinner was the garlic cauliflower w/ rice, it was delightful.
"They say your first time is your best time, but that's not true when it comes to 1618 Asian fusion menu!! With this being my second timE here, i had some ideA of what to expect, yet somehow i was completely blown away by my meal this evening.

We started with the sampler. Each item, on the plate, was its own version of delicious.

Sky was very knowledgeable and helpful with what sauces pair best with which appetizer. He was a pleasure through and through at all points of the evening.

NOW LETS GET TO THE GOOD STUFF. The entree's. Oh my goodness. I almost always order a spicy pad Thai when I have the opportunity, but the pad Thai here is certainly something write about. With just enough heat to compliment the peanut sauce, i was consistently left wanting more after every bite. 

My boyfriend ordered the steak fajita and i literally have no words to describe. My mouth dropped!!! The sauce on there really made the dish! I can't wait to get home so i can secretly eat my boyfriends Togo food.

I also love ordering the dragon fruit refresher (:"
Had the brisket/ filet mignon pho bowl. Excellent. Great service. Hidden gem at AMLI South Shore. Will be back again.
Incredible food! The filet with onions was a great choice. Presentation was excellent and the hero is the food!  Sons food was fried rice with all and the shrimp was incredible.  Go here!
This place was great. I recommend the sampler to start. The drinks are delicious. I had something similar to a pina colada. Tons of great choices.
Tonight there was a wait for 15 minutes and I swear we were seen in 5! We requested to sit outside and they still sat us promptly! AR was our server, and he was very knowledgeable and super nice! Our food came extremely fast, and best of all it was sooooo good! Best service from AR!
The best phad Thai ever ... definitely get the crispy .. the pho is top notch and the wait staff was amazing. Make a reservation and go!
"This was only my second time out at a restaurant in months and I'm glad I chose this place. First, it is very spacious, including high ceilings. Nice ambience, good music, not loud. Plenty of room to spread out. But most of all, the food was delicious! I ordered the Thai Crispy Red Snapper in Tamarind sauce. The fish was fresh and the perfectly done, and the sauce was delicious. 
Service was wonderful. Also had a nice cocktail (I forget what it's called, but it's new on the menu) - dragonfruit juice w/vodka and ginger beer. It had pulverized fresh fruit in it. Quite tasty. I will be returning here for more!"
I had dinner with my family here and we had a great time. The staffs were very friendly and attentive. The food was great as well. They had cleaned and organized the interior very well to keep everyone safe. There are patios outside too. I highly recommend this restaurant !
The food is really really good. Beef curry and sampler appetizer platter are my go-tos. Kind of expensive but definitely worth trying!
"The atmosphere is lovely and the kimonos upon entry are adorable and welcoming. The egg rolls, calamari, and papaya salad with shrimp were all delicious! The drinks were all fantastic! The dragonfruit mule was a colorful libation! The green Thai tea and lemongrass refresher were SO refreshing! The chicken Pad Thai was spicy, the fried shrimp were tasty and the filet mignon stir fry was perfection! 
Overall a great experience and they were very clean and did great at social distancing. 
Definitely recommend trying!"
"We went to 1618 Asian Fusion tonight as a family. We've had it flagged to try since they opened at the beginning of the year. After trying the food, I was sorry we waited this long. The food was delicious and nothing short of amazing. Everyone enjoyed their meal and claimed it was the best Asian food we've had! We love to travel and we love to eat. The flavors were perfectly balanced and every bite was delicious. The best part is the quality of the food was matched by the service! Everyone was very attentive and wanted to make sure we enjoyed our entire experience. The manager came by and spoke with us for a good 15 minutes and we could see his passion for the food there. Everyone had an owners mentality!
If you are craving amazing Asian food made with fresh ingredients and natural flavors, don't hesitate and make a reservation!"
"This was our first visit since Covid-19, and not only is it still as stellar as before, we were lucky to even get a table this evening.

There was apparently 100 tables booked for tonight, but they're operating at 50% capacity. Nonetheless, they were still rocking with the same awesome service from an obviously dedicated staff.

The whole tamarind fish was probably the most delectable dish I've ever had in my life! Crispy skin and moist delectable flesh. My mouth is still watering writing this!"
Came for dinner. Thr place is modernly decorated and thr staff was excellent. The pho broth was rich and flavorful and the pad thai was loaded w scallions and wasn't too sweet. Desert was tiramisu.  This is a great Asian fusion spot
"Holy moly- maybe the best Pho in Austin!! Get the ""Beef Rib Pho""!! The dumplings from the Dim Sum menu were also great. Everything looked so good I can't wait to go back to try more!"
I was first told to eat here by the proprietor of another Asian food establishment.  This was my second visit to 1618, and like before, I was extremely impressed. This time I tried the Crispy Redfish, a fresh deep fried fish in a delicious coating of spices. You roll it up with vermicelli and herbs in rice paper and dip it in a wonderful fish sauce. The calamari was perfectly done. The papaya salad was the best I've had in Austin. The service was wonderful. The atmosphere just right - very spacious room, with plenty of room for social distancing. (They even open the windows early in the evening to let in fresh air.) And the cocktail was perfect. I will be returning here many times. Highly recommended!  There's a reason you see all these 5 star reviews.
Tried this place for the 1st time during their soft open. The smoothest experience I've had at a new restaurant. The food came out at a good pace, wait staff were very friendly and professional. Best of all, the food! The peking duck is really authentic and delicious as well as everything else we ordered. Will def come back!
The place is super cute inside, we came here for New Years and there was complimentary champagne for all guests. Our server was great! The other servers were all so very helpful as well. The food portions are fairly large and the food was pretty solid! Enjoyed the overall experience and definitely would return!
My family and I were in the mood for some Asian food but several of the places we wanted to go to were closed around 2pm on a Saturday afternoon. This place was open, looked very nice,and had good reviews so we stopped by. We were quickly greeted and seated. Out waitress was very good about mentioning the specials and explaining the menu. My family all tried the chicken crispy pad Thai. I am vegetarian so I tried the vegan bowl with cauliflower and vermicelli. The food was very good and looked great. Although I've been vegetarian for the past 3 years, I thought it was really cool that they offer a whole Peking duck. My sister and I both tried a cocktail but neither drink really stood out. We would definitely come back to this place.
We are so happy they opened this restaurant here on Riverside. We had the fried rice, orange chicken, pad Thai and the soup with coconut milk. Everything was delicious! Will definitely go back! The place is gorgeous and they have live music on Fridays at least. The singer was amazing and an awesome selection of songs. Can't wait to go back!
I've eaten here twice now, and the service has been amazing both times. Both waiters went above and beyond to accommodate and were knowledgeable and extremely friendly. I went once with my disabled grandmother and even though they were busy, the manger went out of his way to rearrange seating to assure she was comfortable. The waiter was very patient In helping her select food as well. Nice modern vibe inside, and a cute patio! The food is so so good as well. If I had to find anything to complain about, the music could have been a tad quieter. But will visit over and over again (:
Picked up food to-go and was really excited to try this place because I've heard so many good things! Pro-tip: There is a promotion going on right now where if you order online, you get 18% off orders $20+. Really good deal! I got the pineapple fried rice and I asked for it spicy and holyyyy was it spicy. I was sweating, but I was still able to enjoy it because it was that DELICIOUS! However, if you can't handle spice I would leave it as is because it already comes pretty spicy. I haven't discovered many good Thai rices here in Austin, but this spot is one of the best I've tried! I would definitely come back for it! I would love to come back for their dine- in experience and try more of their dishes.
"I've been ordering delivery from this spot for quite a while and finally decided to stop in...
Food was amazing, ambiance was great, but the biggest stand-out was our server, Jordan.
Extremely attentive, made me LAUGH, and does the absolute best Mickey Mouse impression. Will be visiting again specifically to see him."
"At last! Great quality ingredients served ""to order"" and perfectly executed. The management and service staff are first class. This is big city atmosphere and cuisine. U"
Food was amazing. Manager was friendly and smart. Gave us overview of what future holds. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
"During shelter in place, totally craving Thai food and find Austin to be challenged with solid distinctions among varieties of Asian culinary specialties - everything is fusion (nope). 
Used Yelp app and ordered delivery which arrived early (Yaye!)
Food included:
1. 1618 egg rolls w/pork - just okay.  Flavors were there and generous meat filled, however the outside crispy was off.  Perhaps the to-go container did not have a steam release which made the outside soggy. 
2. Tom Yum Ka soup - really good! True Thai flavors and spicy. 
3. Pepper Beef Filet Mignon - great flavors, filet prepared to your temperature, nice upgrade to flank steak.  Highly recommend if you enjoy beef. 
4. 1618 Combination Fried Rice - nice portion, flavors good.  Oddly, this fried rice had corn?? Non-traditional yet better than peas or carrots. 
Overall, after eating felt very satisfied with our meal.  Check them out."
I came here with high expectations and this place truly did not disappoint! Food, service, prices, ambiance - everything was 5 stars. We ordered the grilled octopus, grilled duck skewers and salmon penang curry. All of the items were wonderful. The duck was probably our favorite. I loved how they were all served on banana leafs, such a cute touch. Our server Shane was great. Cocktails here are so reasonable ($6) and delicious. Overall, I think the pricing of this place is very fair. I really loved our dinner here and can't wait to be back! Definitely 5+++ stars.
"As a Korean, I have very high standards for Asian food and rarely care for Asian fusion food. Decided to give this place a try after seeing it on A Taste of Koko's Instagram. 

The interior immediately had me skeptical. It's not your typical hole-in-the-wall place. It's actually very beautifully designed with wood paneling, earth tones, and wall planters. It feels modern but in an Austin-y sort of way. There's even a stage that I hear hosts karaoke night / live music sometimes. 

The food. Oh. My. Goodness. This little place has got to be the best Asian restaurant in Austin! We had the Duck Red Curry and the Filet Mignon Stir Fry with Onion. The curry was phenomenal. Spice level was just right, the duck was fork tender, and the coconut notes were spot on. The filet was cooked perfectly (medium rare is the only way to eat filet!) and the seasoning was amazing, not too salty. After the first bite, it had my mouth watering for more. We ended with mango sticky rice, which was the perfect way to end our post-Valentine's meal on a sweet note. 

Everything was plated beautifully and the service was fast & friendly! Can't ask for anything more from this new favorite restaurant of mine in ATX!"
Amazing food and good prices! Such a sweet and kind staff that ensured I had a great birthday dinner. I would recommend to anyone and will be back soon!!
my boyfriend and I had a lunch date here. the calamari was delicious! we wish we had ordered two of these. I ordered the chicken pad thai - it was very ok. that was my mistake I should have ordered the fried & hot pad thai- probably bwould have been much better, the one I got was very suacy and very bland flavors. my bf got the duck curry I believe in a green/yellow sauce - it was pretty good.
They automatically lost one star because my tom collins cocktail was mostly ice cubes. When I mentioned that to the waitress, she did nothing to rectify it. I will not order another cocktail here again. Our food came took too long to come out considering there were just a handful of people dining. Green chicken curry was too sweet. Best choice was the duck vermicelli bowl; there were no bean sprouts though. We loved the grilled octopus appetizer. Restaurant was clean with good natural light. Outside seating is right alongside Riverside Drive with its busy fast traffic which was worrisome. Our server was friendly. Some of the dishes are pricier than other Vietnamese restaurants but I guess we're paying for ambience?
Excellent food! I especially love the grilled octopus and green curry filet mignon, but everything we've tried so far has been delicious. Service is good and staff are friendly.
"Wow. This place is phenomenal and now saved as one of my go-to favorites in Austin. 

We ordered the Pineapple Fried Rice, the Coconut Fried Rice and the Banana Leaf Spicy Steam Salmon. We thought we'd share. No one did! Honestly, I think you could close your eyes and pick anything from this menu (or the drink menu!) and love your meal. We'll be back!"
"This place absolutely exceeded our expectations! We were greeted with a smile and our waitress was just as nice. The food came out quickly and hot...just like we like it!

We ordered a couple of their signature cocktails and some fried egg rolls before our meal. The drinks were on point!  The egg rolls were crispy and so flavorful. 

Once we were ready to leave, we were invited to come back for happy hour the next day. Unfortunately for us, we don't live in Austin but when we visit our daughter again, we will definitely come back!"
Ordered delivery through the Yelp app. Our food came early, and hot!  The food was delicious. If you are a duck fan, the whole Peking is a lot of food and comes with a box of buns for wrapping and dipping in a great sauce.  Several others were referred food and enjoyed it. Enjoy!
Lovely simple decor, fabulous food with excellent presentation and service. Can't wait to go back!
We love this place!! The fish dishes are simply some of the best meals in town. Fresh and perfectly cooked. We've even ordered takeout and had great meals. Can't recommend enough!! Staff is also super courteous and prompt.
Great food, excellence Service and great price.  I love their Pho Filet mignon the most
Think of this spot as a classier and more high end 888. The type of restaurant you can have a business dinner at or host a large group for a birthday dinner. Very modern and chic aesthetic. Bamboo and wood structures lined the restaurants ceilings. There's plenty of light and green in the room. The food is fusion for sure but it doesn't compromise the authentic Asian flavors. They've definitely adjusted it to fit the American  palette but they've stayed true to their Vietnamese roots. I'll be back to try more dishes soon!
"I will start by saying this was a very enjoyable dining experience. Arrived a little before 6 on a Sunday night and the place was still a little quiet, but it was filled up by the time we left around 7. Service was impeccable, we enjoyed all the interactions with everyone we met there. The menu was Thai + Vietnamese + Chinese, nothing too out of the ordinary and not too many dishes, which I appreciate, because you can't possibly do that many things well. Prices were surprisingly reasonable since the place actually looked quite upscale compared to most Asian restaurants.

We loved the appetizers, the grilled octopus was delightful in presentation and flavor, tasty with or without the sweet and tangy sauce. Tom yum was just the right amount of flavor, which is surprisingly difficult to find. We weren't sure what the crispy Pad Thai was (even though the server did try to explain), and it turned out to be these deep fried thick and wide noodle pieces that sort of reminded me of the pan fried Vietnamese noodle dish ap chao. Unfortunately we did not like the noodles since the texture was more chewy than crispy. The other entree pineapple fried rice had really good flavor, but I was not a fan of the texture of the rice. 

They are still working on their dessert menu (only mango sticky rice for now) so we decided to go somewhere else for that instead. As we were leaving a singer was prepping on stage, apparently they have live music every weekend. I would have loved to write a five star review given the wonderful service, nice but not pretentious atmosphere, and the great appetizers, but I just didn't find the entrees to be amazing. Still, definitely a place I would come back to for date night or just dinner with friends!"
This is spectacular and the staff is attentive. Food was fresh and flavorful. Bill was affordable. I will be back again soon.
Went for a friends birthday and did not disappoint! Amazing service, great prices, and the food was amazing!!!! Great casual space that will not disappoint!
"I absolutely love love love this place! It's such an awesome restaurant with the best staff and service you can find. It's pretty clear that we love it because we go back just about every week :) ... It's definitely the place to eat! 

The food .. wow. I've tried most of the things on the menu. I do love the pho especially the brisket and the ribs. For fried rice you have got to try the pineapple fried rice! 

They have brunch too! I am waiting for the sweet pork buns (love those!) They do have a version that they serve during Happy Hour and it is oh so good! 

Getting back to service. Doji (sp?) greets you at the door and remembers your favourite spot to sit. Catherine will bring you your favourite drink before you even have to order it and Sheena remembers your favourites while recommending something new. It's fun. Even while training the newer servers she'll share with them what our usuals are :) ... 

Amazing service. Amazing food. And seriously. SAVE SPACE FOR DESSERT!"
"OK maybe a rough day dealing with the new norm since March.  The food was actually good, small in portion size, but I was really famished.  General Tso's was spot on, the fried rice was decent, however...

Here is a tip from an Italian that knows how to make calamari from scratch, don't sell it for a delivery option.  My bad for ordering it.

I will say that they reached out to my first review, and I appreciate that.  

That been said, I tell it like it is, and that's all there is to it."
Came by here on a Sunday night. The place looked great and there was relaxing live music playing. Unfortunately, my girlfriend and I are vegetarians so the menu options were a bit limited. Five stars for the customer service and decor though!
Wow! Hands down this is the best pho in Austin. I know i wrote a lot of reviews about pho in the past. I'm always looking for new restaurants that can beat the other. It's so so good. The broth is perfect that you don't need to add seasoning to it. Eggrolls were cooked perfectly. This is my new favorite spot for pho. I wouldn't want to go anywhere else but here. I'm a big fan!
Interesting authentic Thai restaurant with a very peaceful feeling - celebrating life, and no WiFi on purpose. Service was excellent. Chris our server was great and John the manager was very interested in our experience. Staff explained the food and made recommendations. Food was amazing. Life music soon. Good seating areas and beautiful woodwork throughout. Near Lake Austin.  Give it a try. Definitely worth it.
Decided to give this new Eastside restaurant a try. So glad we did. Atmosphere is great and service and food were even better. We had both the spring roll and egg rolls as appetizers. The spring roll with pork and lemongrass was delicious. Egg roll was also good but definitely recommend the spring rolls. Our main courses were the salmon steamed in banana leaf in Paneng sauce and the filet mignon with stir fry onions. Both were so good and a lot of food. The filet was cooked perfectly and the sauce was fabulous. The salmon was also perfectly cooked and the sauce was slightly sweet/spicy with an nice Coconut flavor. Our server, Shane, was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive but not overly so. I highly recommend this place!!
"This place is a find, and they have great flavors in their food. Also reasonable prices. They don't get 5 stars for two reasons: 1) I had two wooden lemongrass stalks disguised as yummy bites. These were 1.25"" of wood. Like I don't know how they cut them in the kitchen chunks of lemongrass wood.

But guys, the music. It was a playlist from the 90s but done by other less talented artists. Like the restaurant doesn't want to pay for the real ones. This is Austin."
"Amazing food! Amazing service! Amazing drinks! Cathy is a wonderful server and John the manager always checks in to make sure the meal is excellent.  Never had anything average here.  Feels really at home here and the team really works together to ensure excellent! 

Thank you again Cathy for amazing service!"
Everything from service, to quality and pricing was on point. Highly recommend just ordering what I ordered and don't ask questions .
"Outdoor and indoor seating. The front door is near the parking lot, not the patio/street. Save yourself the steps. 

Food: to shake things up a bit, we played Russian roulette with our server and she basically gave us all her favs, did not disappoint! 
The steamed salmon curry is very rich in flavor! We also had the filet migon stir fry, I recommend getting it a little spicy. For appetizers we had the calamari , octopus (these are kind of spicy) and Bangkok chicken wings (a must have) . The ambiance is cute for date night, dinner with parents, or even girls night out. Please do yourself a favor and make a reservation."
My friend aNd i were visiting from out of town and our friend who recentLy visited highly recommended this place. It definitely did not disappoint. Loved everything I got --  yellow chicken curry, octopus skewers, and asian passion cocktail. There was still live music playing when we came in on a Saturday night around 8. The interior  design and ambiance made it a perfect dinner. I'm excited to come back when I'm in town again
"Came here for my birthday as a group dinner and was very impressed with everything.

Ambience: really classy, spacious, great design and decorations. They opened the whole side window facing the street so there was a nice breeze flowing (slight traffic noise, but what can ya do?).

Drinks:
Tropical Asian - I enjoyed this drink, solid not spectacular.
Some Frozen Blue Drink with Lychee - they comped this drink for me, I wasn't a huge fan mainly because I don't like my drinks frozen. The lychee was nice, though.

Food: 
Grilled Octopus - I felt a little guilty eating these baby octopi, but they were grilled perfectly and everyone really enjoyed them.

Banana Leaf Spicy Steam Salmon - Tasted like a salmon curry, but the salmon didn't overpower the great flavor of the sauce. The salmon was cooked well and the sauce had a slight kick to it, but not too much.

Green Beans - Just well-cooked green beans, 'nuff said.

Also tried:
Pad Thai and Crispy Pad Thai - Solid Pad Thai, the crispy Pad Thai was all crispy, which was too much for some (mix them together for balance).


Other than that, the service was great all around. They had a few mix-ups with getting orders to the right table, but they were very quick to correct any mistakes. Additionally, the manager came around to say thanks and comped my entree as well as a thanks for celebrating my birthday there. We left some cake for the staff to eat - not sure if they ate it or not. I would love to come here again, and try some of the more expensive fish dishes (it looked like a really large portion meant to be shared when we saw someone else order it)."
"Service, food and ambiance were met! Our server was helpful and attentive. The food was so delicious, very flavourful. And sitting outside made the dinner so enjoyable. 
Also, we were looking for a anniversary dinner spot. With this detail in mind, the service gracefully gave us a handwritten card to congratulate us and gave us a free cheesecake for dessert. Very thoughtful! 
We appreciated the personal touch and definitely will come back :)"
What an evening! The food AND the service was SPECTACULAR! Bryan was a great server exceeding our expectation and I received a hand written birthday card from the service staff. Was blown away! The food was crazy good and so incredibly fresh with very thoughtful presentation The ambiance was great as well, and they do have a large patio if you prefer to sit outside. Will be back again and again!
This place is awesome. The food was great. The atmosphere was calm and the drinks were good. This place is extremely affordable for the quality of food you get.
I love the service! Great staff and they had interesting recommendations. It's fun to go for happy hour even just to drink!
This place is top of the line. Service was impeccable. Spencer and Jordan are very knowledgeable of the menu and services provided and were very helpful in making our decisions for our meal. This place is very much recommended and ask for either of them for a great experience.
Service was fantastic! I have had dinner here 3 times and have never been disappointed. Highly recommend filet mignon pho and the yellow curry!
"My cousin & I went here for dim sum brunch on a Saturday brunch. I was surprised there was no line because we were seated almost immediately. All the staff wore masks and were attentive to all of our needs. The restaurant has a very relaxing ambiance and medium noise level. 

I am giving a 3* due to the dishes being either hit or miss. For example, the bánh tráng Đà Nẵng was too sweet and nowhere similar to the bánh tráng street food in Vietnam. We tried it because there were no current photos on Yelp and our server (who was great) said it was his favorite new dish. The sauce on top was too overpowering and it was not crunchy so the resulting dish was extremely messy to eat. 

Additionally, the pan fried dumplings looked great in picture but, in actuality, were oily and the wrapping was too thick and chewy. 

Xiao long bao (soup dumplings) and har gao (shrimp dumplings) were delicious! They were fresh and steaming when we were served. The dumplings here were a lot better than those at New Fortune that I had on New Year's day. 

Mango sticky rice and thai tea affogato was nicely presented and also good, with the mango sticky rice on par with many in Thai restaurants. 

My cousin enjoyed her matcha latte and I really enjoyed the Hanoi egg coffee because of the presentation and the taste. I left it in the refrigerator and it was still delicious hours later! 

Overall, I would say the ambiance is great and you can tell a lot of thought went into the presentation of the food.  Furthermore, the service was! This is definitely a once-in-awhile stop (great for monthly lunch?) the but it did not leave a lasting impression based on the taste and price (our meal came out to about ~$100)."
I don't normally leave reviews but this place was EXCEPTIONAL ! The service was amazing and the ambiance made me feel like I was on vacation. The food was delicious (we ordered pad Thai, egg rolls and sesame chicken). And the prices were super reasonable. I think I just found my favorite Asian Fusion place in the area. I will be back soon.
I came here a couple of weeks ago and had the coconut fried rice. It was served in an actual coconut and the spice level was perfect! I also had the calamari, which I thoroughly enjoyed. I'd have to pass on the turtle cheesecake though. It was way to sweet and there was nothing special about it. Everyone that I came with really enjoyed their meal. Highly recommend.
"Stopped by this place last night expecting to get a simple Vietnamese snack on our last night in Austin.   From the outside the restaurant looked light and clean, but when we went in we were shocked.  It was big, modern, bright and artistically designed.    We were seated at a comfortable table and greeted by extremely friendly waiters who couldn't do enough to make us feel welcome. Jon, the manager, guided us through the evening with charm.

We had cocktails that were original and tasty.  The Tropical Asian was just sweet enough and a great start.

We ordered the Sampler Plate of appetizers and found them delicious:  Fresh spring roll, Imperial roll, Satay, fried won-ton and a delightful and delictible bon of pork belly.   The presentation was beautiful and showed the passion they have for thier food.

As an entree we shared the Sauteed Pepper Filet Mignon.   The veggies were cooked perfectly, bright and colorful, and a bit crispy to the bite.   The meat honestly melted in our mouths.  DELICIOUS!!!

All in all it was a wonderful evening, one of our fondest memories of Austin.

If you are thinking of eating here I have 3 words of advice... GO! GO! GO!"
"This place is fairly new. I don't believe they even have their grand opening yet. However these are the dishes I recommend:


1: EGG COFFEE. One of the traditional coffee from North Vietnam. This place made the egg coffee extremely rich, smooth, soft, and fluffy. You just HAVE to try.

2: matcha thai tea: just enough sweet and not too much sugar.

3: grilled duck skewer with lemongrass: because they use duck meat over other kind, you have the natural  moist and juicy flavor from the duck fat grilled into the meat

4: Hu tieu Nam Vang: the broth is just amazing

5: Peking/roasted duck. The menu said it's roasted, trust me it's peking. Tho sometimes they serve with different type of sauce. Ask for the traditional peking sauce and get the buns with it."
"An Austin GEM and a MUST visit!! Great venue for a hang out with friends or family. OUTSTANDING services, DELICIOUS foods, BEAUTIFUL venue, and FAIR price for an upscale restaurant and HIGH QUALITY food.

I visited 1618 Asian Fusion 3 times during their soft opening on October 4, October 13, and October 26. The menu changes each time with new items for each visit and every dish was GREAT.

I don't provide review much so this is a rarity. I've confirmed this one is worth writing about with the multiple visits and trying lots of items on their menu.

Dishes I've ordered:
Bar and Cocktails
1. Tropical Asian
2. Pink Coco
3. House Wine

The drinks were okay and tasty. You don't taste strong alcohol so heavy drinkers might not like it. Those who like fruity drinks will likely enjoy these drinks. The best part here is the price!! Can't beat it so keep those orders coming....

Appetizer
1. Papaya Salad
2. Grilled Octopus
3. Grilled Lemongrass Duck Skewer
4. Wonton Soup
5. Tum Yum Soup

All the appetizers were good and I would order them again. The Duck Skewer and Wonton Soup were awesome! The meat on the Duck just falls off the bone like a good ribs and super moist. The Wonton Soup were an absolute delight. My daughter couldn't have enough and kept asking for more.

Entree
1. Pho Brisket and Filet Mignon
2. Hu Tieu Saigon
3. Whole Roast Duck
4. Filet Mignon Pepper Steak
5. Imperial Crispy Redfish

I recommend all the entree dishes above and you can't go wrong with any of them. The Filet Mignon in the Pho and the sweet broth (no MSG) is what separate this dish apart from the other pho places.

The Hu Tieu is a safe and fulfilling dish. It's quite good for an everyday food item. 

1618 Asian Fusion did a very nice thing with the roast duck where there's no bone except for the legs. That's so convenient and make it that much more enjoyable. I did used the sauce for more flavor  and wouldn't mind the skin being more crispy and crunchy (understanding there is a balance to prevent burnt). This dish was served with white rice and serve 2.

One of my favorites is the crispy redfish. As you can see from the pictures other uploaded, the dish was beautifully presented. There is so much good flavor packed into this dish, you don't need to use any of the side fish sauce that came with it. You'll need 3-4 people to finish up this fish or can take the leftover to go.

Overall, I like the atmosphere and it's modern. On a night when there's no band (Oct 4) multi genre music is played in the background and provide a soothing environment. I experienced two nights with music entertainment, the Southsiders on Oct 13 and Kate Metz (7 yrs old sensation) on Oct 26. That's nice to support the local artists. I was also able to talk to the owners and they are very kind and would go the extra mile to take care of their customers."
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! This is the best Asian Restaurant I've been to in the Austin area. The food, the atmosphere, the service--all amazing. The manager, Jon, came over to our table after our meal to find out what we thought and how our experience was. He was so sweet. Everyone was responsive. The live music was wonderful. Get there ASAP!
Top quality Vietnamese food, and not just in Austin. I ordered the lemongrass duck skewer on vermicelli and it was delicious. Ambience is great, suitable for anything from casual meal, dating, happy hour, dinner with colleagues etc. The servers were all very nice. The bathroom is one of the cleanest I've seen in a restaurant. I just wish their portions were a little bigger. Otherwise everything else is perfect.
This place is Absolutely amazing! I highly recommend the eggrolls and filet mignon bowl.
"It's quite surprising to find such a nice restaurant in an apartment complex like this. 
But what is really surprising is the quality of the food - and the price.

I have not had Pho in Vietnam, but this one ranks easily among the best in Austin. My daughter loves asian food and has eaten almost everywhere in Austin, she said the yellow curry chicken was easily the best. My wife and I absolutely loved the pepper filet mignon. It's so good we will consider driving 40 minutes just to get the steak again.

It was their soft opening week, but they were really trying to provide the best service. Prices were surprisingly low. 

An instant favorite."
"DEEE-LI-CIOUS!
Once you get past the slightly odd location in an apartment complex, the actual ambiance of the place is great. There's parking garages to park in for free so no issues there. 
We started with the salt and pepper calamari along with the duck skewers. I'm not a huge fan of duck but with so many reviews on this dish, I had to give it a try and it was honestly delicious. Wasn't ""duck"" tasting at all! The calamari was also good and exactly what you would expect but I would have preferred a bigger portion for the price. 
We then ordered the chicken pad Thai, seafood fried rice served in a coconut and the red curry with chicken. All 3 entrees were absolutely delicious with the perfect amount of heat for me without asking for any adjustments. 
I would order the exact same meal again if I had to but ofcourse next time I'll want to try some of their other dishes as I'm sure they'll be as good! 
Lastly, service was excellent. Our server was informative and very welcoming - cherry on top!"
"We went back to try this restaurant tonight to give it a second try. We received the best service we have had in Austin. The service was like eating at a 5 star restaurant and the food was amazing. We had the same dishes to see how it was this time. I had the filet with onions and my husband had the pho. They were both fantastic. I cannot say enough nice things about this place after this visit. They had us try this coffee with egg custard in it and it was to die for. 

I would recommend this place over and over again. I cannot wait to go back and try the crispy fish!!!"
I use Yelp regularly when trying to find the best restaurants or businesses to go to. Oftentimes, I get lucky and sometimes I leave feeling like I could've gone elsewhere. 1618 Asian Fusion boasted a 5 star rating and the pictures uploaded by other yelpers looked Delicious!! My boyfriend and I went to 1618 Asian Fusion recently and I must say they did not disappoint! The staff were friendly and greeted us as soon as we entered the establishment. Not to mention it's very well decorated. They have a stage for live entertainment. Every drink that we ordered from the bar was on point. The wait time for food wasn't long either. I would definitely return to this restaurant next time I'm in Austin.
"4.5 STARS! Orange chicken was dark meat and I was thinking white meat. There was more batter than what I would of liked but overall the food was delicious! We ordered the ocean's sample appetizer plate which gives you so much good to enjoy. Everything on the appetizer was devoured.

DRINKS! The mango tequila drink was a perfect amount of tequila and flavor. Their green cocktail was terrible. Stay away.

Flavors pop and the service was amazing. We ate outside and the misting fan kept the bugs away. We had to wait about 20min for a table during Covid which means this place stays busy. Parking is easy. Enjoy!"
The food was amazing. I really enjoyed the ambiance and safety precautions they had taken.
"Went there last night for the first time ... Let me say this .... BLOWN AWAY.

The atmosphere was excellent.. The food great ... The service was awesome. Our waiter Jordan recommended dishes and apps that my dad and I really enjoyed. He provided the perfect service. 
The restaurant was spotless and for me .... Cleanliness is a big deal.


    I Loved the place and I will be back."
"It's tucked away within an apartment complex right off Riverside. The parking garage makes it super easy to find a spot.
Coming in, it's gorgeous. Fabulous interior design and awesome vibe. Everyone is friendly and knowledgeable. 
We sat at the bar; Shauna and Waverly were the bartenders. Fun, accommodating and the perfect amount of conversation.
And now the food - holy crap, it was great. I've had my fair amount of Pho in my life and this was near the top. Bursting with flavor, plenty of noodles and meat and the chili oil only enhanced it.
I would bring any friends or family members here and trust that we'd leave having had a super fun (and filling) time.
Come here. It's more than worth it."
"The management and staff were extremely helpful on helping us decide which items on the menu complimented our taste buds. Terrific service and terrific food. My girlfriend says the Green Curry is the best she's ever had. 
Stop by and give this place a shot."
Been a big fan of this place for dinner since they opened. Just tried it for dim sum brunch and it is absolutely a must go. Best dim sum brunch in Austin. Every dish was a delight. The service is also always wonderful. They have things nicely spaced out for COVID safety, with big open windows and patio space. They also offered sanitizer to us at our table after we paid. Get the Hanoi Coffee. You won't regret it.
Ended up going here because Dee Dee was closed, but I was pleasantly surprised! The skewers, especially the grilled octopus, and the papaya salad were right on point! Chicken skewer was a bit too bland but other than that everything was great. Glad to find that there is other good Thai place other than Dee Dee.
"Been here many times and have always really enjoyed their food. Normally I'd give it five stars but today, during the pandemic, none of the staff working were masked. This is after everyone has been asked to wear a mask for public safety. It's disconcerting to see this taking place at a venue we normally give high marks. But as a matter of conscience I believe the public needs to be aware that this may not be a safe place to get takeout while we are under quarantine 

- Update - thank you to the owner and management for a thoughtful considered response to thus message. I appreciate knowing you're open to feedback and willing to adapt to the shifting needs of the time. Keep it safe and we'll definitely be back!"
"Um, Y'ALL!!!

This place is fantastic. I've had a lot of Asian food in my life, and I was really impressed with this restaurant. To start, this place has a great ambiance. A lot of great wood pieces, tile, and lighting throughout the restaurant.

Our server Shane was excellent, he was literally waiting on every table at lunch and doing a great job. He was very helpful at explaining different dishes and navigating the cocktail list. 

The cocktails: YUM! We ordered all together four cocktails. The old fashion (which was quite the presentation), the tropical Asian (which was heavenly), a cucumber watermelon cooler, and a berries and sake cocktail. They were literally all fantastic. We also got an expresso. They also had both regular and matcha Thai tea which looked very good.

The food: DOUBLE YUM! We got the appetizer tray, the pineapple shrimp and duck fried rice, filet mignon green curry, chicken pad Thai, and garlic bok choy. We asked for everything extra spicy, which they honored. I loved the presentation of the dishes, they all came in fun shaped bowls topped with flowers. Everything was so flavorful and delicious.

The final touch-we got some items boxed to go and they labeled each box and drew cute faces on the boxes.

This is a great restaurant and WE WILL BE BACK!!!"
"Tried the crispy pad thai, the octopus appetizer, and the duck rice noodles. Loved the first two, wouldn't get the duck again because it didn't taste like duck, more like meatballs.  I'm still thinking of that pad thai though! Very well thought of fusion food, we both loved it! Great texture, flavor, and quantity. Very pleased with the ambiance and live music as well.

For the yelpers: You might like this local tip: 
We asked for a traditional vietnamese dipping sauce that is commonly used to dip in meat in Vietnamese home cooked meals. It's called ""Muoi Tieu Chanh"". The waitress knew what I was talking about and brought a dish over. It was 1618's own version of my favorite sauce! Great job! Ask the staff to try their salt and pepper lemon sauce if you like a special tart kick to your grilled octopus. It's great!"
I'm writing this as I finish a glass of wine on their beautiful patio. WOW! My boyfriend and I wanted to go out for dinner for the first time in a while and decided to try a new place. We can't stop talking about coming back. The food was amazing. The service was beyond what we expected. I can't recommend this place enough. Thank you for having us!!
"I was craving Asian food and we saw that 1618 head patio dining and decided to try them again during this Covid crisis. We made a reservation online for 5 PM on the patio and arrived at about 10 till five. They had us wait while they prepared the table and took us out to the patio where the combination of large umbrellas and a misting fan kept the area relatively cool. 

Bottled water with ice in glasses was left for us along with the menus. It was a little breezy, and the paper menus tended to fly away, but we were able to hold onto them long enough to find food we wanted. From the happy hour menu, I ordered a Saigon summer which was coconut rum with pineapple and was delicious. My husband ordered the yellow curry with chicken and white rice while I ordered the grilled tofu avocado vermicelli bowl.

The drink came out right away followed very quickly by the food. Since my dish was vegetarian, they provided a vegan ""fish sauce"" which was extraordinary. The grilled tofu was better than any I had ever had in the whole bowl was a delightful mix of flavors and textures. My husband very much enjoyed his yellow curry which was very rich and a little spicy. 

Our waitress, Catherine, was attentive and kept an eye on us, clearing unused plates and ensuring that we had everything we needed. Although the temperature outside was in the high 90s and the sun was setting, causing our table to partly be in the sunshine, we were comfortable and very much enjoyed our meal. I look forward to dining inside when Covid is a memory!"
This is an incredible restaurant with a fantastic dining experience. Wonderful drinks and amazing food. My husband and I love to go for date night, and since COVID-19, we've ordered pick up :) They were so kind to us. The food was wonderful! I know we don't see an end in sight for this situation, but I would love to see this business thrive. They deserve it!
Love this restaurant... the food is great and the service is always on point! Staff is so friendly and informed. They label gluten free and vegan foods on their menu and make sauces out of scratch so can tell you everything that's in them. They have a pretty decent selection of wines and a bar for those that like liquor. I hear they are about to start a brunch too with a Filipino breakfast item... can't wait for that! I highly recommend this restaurant... excellent pho too for the hangovers or cold days!
I am in love with this place. I just can't stop thinking about it. This is my 3rd time here and everytime I come I try something different except for the pineapple basil friend rice which I always get. Everything I have had at this place is delicious. So this time I asked my husband to bring me down for my bday. Yes! We drove all the way from Dallas to this place because is that good. I ordered the salt pepper shrimp, pineapple basil fried rice, shrimp pork belly spring rolls, wonton soup and general tso ck. Wow! Wow! The shrimp was to die for. Crunchy fresh and flavorful with onions, peppers , green onions and jalapenos. Served with a coconut milk lime salt and pepper dipping sauce that just makes the dish. Their wonton soup is a party in your mouth with bits of crunchy pork skin that make you want to run into their kitchen to find the pot and eat it all. Oh the flavors! I need help... you guys need to bring this restaurant to Dallas seriously. So since it was my bday the staff brought me caramel icecream topped with thai tea and whipped cream. Let me tell you... you need this dessert in your life right now. It was amazing. The combination of the caramel rich icecream with the thai tea is to die for. I can't explain what just happened but trust me and get it. You wont regret it. I love this place. Will make the drive back to you soon.
We ordered from Asian Fusion and they brought it right to our hotel. The food was fantastic...best pad Thai I've had in a long time! Definitely recommended!!
"We were so impressed with everything here- the food, the service, the ambiance!  We sat on the patio which was well shaded and very pleasant. I had the Vietnamese vegan bowl with tofu and lemongrass and loved it!  It was so flavorful and delicious. My husband got the red snapper and also loved it. 

We can't wait to come back and try more dishes! Highly recommend!"
"To put it frankly, I was blown away by this place! Here's why:

Word on the street is that the original owners of 888 sold the place and opened up 1618 on riverside. Smart move. The restaurant is portrayed as a fusion restaurant with a lot of influence from Vietnam, Singapore, China, and other Asian cultures.

The food is AMAZING. At least what I tried. Definitely recommend the Lemongrass Duck Skewers. Super flavorful and tender. The fried whole fish was absolutely delicious. It comes with a side of papaya salad which is a great palette cleanser. It's not as spicy as traditional Thai style, but still really yummy. The star of the meal is the lobster. Whatever is in that sauce, flavor bomb in the mouth! It's supposed to be a little more sweeter and slightly spicier, but it's a fusion restaurant and they're catering to the area.

Downside is that the food is pretty pricey here. You can tell as soon as you walk in that it's a little bit on the boujee side, but hey, you get what you pay for. 

Definitely a good place for a nice date night or a place to take a group of about 4-8 so you can try a lot of food and split the bill!"
"Earlier today we had one of our most enjoyable lunches in a while.  Although we arrived without reservations, they were able to accommodate us promptly.

Having been here before, we ordered our favorites: the papaya salad with shrimp, the crispy pad Thai with chicken, and the filet mignon with green onions, along with a cocktail each.

The space is beautiful, and it's clear that the staff truly appreciate their customers."
Excellent place that just opened in October. I'm not from Austin but I'm glad I found this place on yelp. A little difficult to find because it's located underneath and in between some apartment complexes but there is good parking. Excellent service and fresh food. Highly recommend the lamp chops!
Did takeout Friday evening! Everything was delicious. My favorite dish was the Banana Leaf Salmon! The lady over the phone was also very sweet and answered my many questions! She was also wearing gloves when she handed me my order and checked me out! After my takeout experience, I will be sure to dine in when restaurants re-open!
Great food, good value, nice ambiance, very attentive customer service. No complaints! I've brought my friend group here many times because they're consistent and the management always seems so grateful for our business.
Great food. Beautiful restaurant. Go if you like Asian Fusion food. Drinks tasty too. Love everything about this place!
My new fav Austin restaurant and- as someone who's lived in LA, NY, and Asia- I'm picky with my Asian food. I ate at the bar and Waverly was super friendly and knowledgeable. They even charged my phone for me (whew!). A little off the beaten path for a restaurant so yummy but not far at all from East Austin, South Congress, or downtown. Parking is in the garage right behind. I'm def coming back.
Very cute aesthetically- great date spot. We thought the food was just mediocre to be honest... The crispy pad Thai was a little too crispy and the fried rice was good in the way that all fried rice is good... But we are thinking maybe they are more known for their pho and we probably should have ordered that. Appreciate them being open and following Covid guidelines and we will definitely go back and order differently.
"I come here pretty regularly now. I really like how consistent their Pecking Duck is! The skin has to be crispy and the meat should not be dry. They get it right every time. 

I also really like their calamari. The sauce is savory and it goes really well with squid. Their pho and curry are really good as well. 

My only complaints are 1. they get super crowded and honestly, I would not feel safe eating if I were seated indoors 2. the wait is sometimes ridiculous (my first time here I didn't realize they took online reservations  and had to wait an hour +) 3. the prices are tad bit too high for phos/curries. 40 bucks for a whole pecking duck (feeds ~2.5 people) is pretty good though."
"Shrimp pad thai was incredible!! brisket pho and curries (we tried red and yellow) were great! Would not recommend the pork pho it was the only thing on the table we didn't love!

Thai milk tea and the dragonfruit seasonal drink are must tries!!"
First visit, based on Yelp reviews. Have to agree, the surrounding were nice, the service was terrific, and yes the food was excellent. Drinks were reasonably priced. I just recommended them to a friend visiting from out of town. The place seems busy, so make reservations
We really enjoyed our experience here at 1618 Asian fusion! They were very accommodating to our big party of over 20! The managers were awesome and the food was delicious! Definitely a great date or party spot! Can't wait to come back!
Back again this week, and excited to try more dishes. Fernando was the server again. He was very attentive and nice, as usual. Started with a 1618 Secretini. The fresh cucumber juice was a nice touch and refreshing. The watermelon cucumber I had last week was good too, but this one was so refreshing on an even muggier day. Papaya salad with shrimp for the appetizer. Very good anytime, but even better for this summer weather. It was the best dish tonight. Garlic Cauliflower in broth was the next course. Good as well. Had the Oxtail Pho next. Broth was excellent- a little sweet for my taste, but nonetheless excellent -clean, not heavy and no aftertaste like some other places (due to msg). I didn't mind sweating while slurping pho in this hot weather. While I didn't order the duck noodle, I will have it for sure next time! More dishes to try next time... so until next week...lol
Delicious food and lovely sitting out area. We were well taken care of by our server (Sheila/Shirley?). We had the mixed platter for appetizer and the Peking Duck and filet mignon and yellow curry for entres. It was all amazing. Strongly recommend.
"Zayn is incredible. He made our family outing feel like an evening at the Four Seasons. This place is incredible. Excellent food, superb service and a lovely atmosphere. 

We will definitely be back. Frequently"
Are here for my husband's birthday with a group of 20. Great food and drinks for a great price. Awesome for large groups. The staff was really nice and accommodating. The restaurant is athletically pleasing as well! The band they had that night was really good too. The vibe was perfect. Wish I took a picture of my food. I ended up getting the Orange Filet and it was delicious. Would definitely come back!
GREAT FOOD!! I can't wait to try this restaurant in person. I thoroughly enjoyed every dish I tried. The vermicelli was out of this world good!
"Our experience was quite mediocre. My tofu yellow curry was a bit sweet, too thick to mix in rice, and lacking in flavor. My husband's General Tso's chicken was also unimpressive on flavors. The quantities were adequate for one meal, with no leftovers for the next day. 

Maybe my expectations didn't calibrate to ""fusion"" and was hopeful for ""Asian"" food, which this was its own take of. This might be a ""neighborhood"" spot but not a destination for me."
Our waiter Jordan made our time at 1618 very memorable! He was very attentive to us ordering in time to get the happy hour specials, and he even rolled out the shot cart for us. Definitely ask for the shot cart. Besides the awesome service, the food is always amazing here. You can tell they use very fresh ingredients. We were able to chat with the manager to tell him how much we enjoyed our meal and he was extremely sweet! We will be back!
No joke the best Asian restaurant in Austin. I can't even say enough good things about them. The food is authentic - like fresh squeezed orange juice and orange peel to flavor their orange chicken. The manager Jon came over and was so nice. He even remembered me from when they first opened! How!?!? Reasonable prices, beautiful ambiance. The staff was prompt and friendly. I can't think of a single negative thing to say - it was the perfect date night with my lady. Thank you 1618!!!
We were so excited when this place opened in our East Riverside neighborhood, and so fearful they wouldn't make it once Covid hit. So I'm glad to see them adapting to take out, patio dining, etc. The food is fresh, thoughtfully prepared, and very tasty. I love the green papaya salad and the pho is full of flavor. Great vermicelli bowls too. They care about quality food and presentation, even with take out. We're rooting for them!
"I Love this place. Staff and Management are Awesome. The food is Great. It's a Comfortable place just to relax and enjoy the food and atmosphere.
Well Done!"
"Still My Favorite...
Times of Quarantine...
Take Out.
Still Awesome =D
Go for the Egg Rolls and Combination fried rice.
Great!
Soooo Much more Better food  Yum.
Try It!
They Rock."
You've gotta try the pineapple rice. I got mine sans duck and it was amazing! The water tastes great & the service was A-1. Try the saki, too!
Ordered delivery and take out from them several times. They don't really miss often, one of the best Chinese American food I've tried.
We went for dinner and had a very good meal. There were so many great options to choose from and it was hard to pick what we wanted. Settled on the spicy pineapple fried rice, which mixed with shrimp and duck. I've never felt more loved from the inside out! The grilled octopus was also delicious and I would give up everything for those Bangkok wings. The restaurant is super cute and the staff were attentive and nice.
Coming from LA, my review may be biased since our city has a wide variety of amazing restaurants both authentic and fusion. However, 1618 was a restaurant that delivered in terms of creativity and taste. It was definitely a fusion restaurant that offered a range of dishes from Southeast Asia including Vietnam, Singapore and Thailand. I ordered the Chicken yellow curry and while it was a bit salty to my palate, it was beautifully presented and the portions were abundant. Service was mediocre despite being an almost empty restaurant (came in during lunch on a Friday).
Amazing food!!! Had their crispy pad Thai and pineapple fried rice and WOW it was so good. Sat out on the patio and loved it. First time here and will be back for sure!!! Thank y'all!!
Great food, great service, open inviting atmosphere, and super friendly staff. Highly recommend.
"The chicken satay is really good, best I've had. Yellow chicken curry was also great. Fresh, bright, sweet and a little spicy, it was everything I want in a curry. I loved the bites with tender pieces of potato - bucking its typical wallflower role, it took center stage and really made this mild curry shine. 

Parking is a pain. Service was super warm, great job on that front. 

I look forward to trying additional items off the menu."
Stopped in here for a quick lunch. I was a little confused on the parking, but the staff instructed me that parking was in the parking garage exactly across from the restaurant D'Oh if it was a snake I would of died.  Anyways the inside was so pretty and the food was really really really awesome!  I totally recommend checking this place out.  I know my husband and I will be back:)
"We enjoyed our time at this,restaurant.  My nephew recommended 1618 Asian Fusion. It is conveniently located near UT Austin. There is plenty of free parking space behind the restaurant building.
We ordered the Beef with Onions, Fried Rice, Pad Thai, Grilled Squid, and Egg Rolls. All of the dishes were very good, but my favorite dish was The beef, it  was so tender and savory!
The Manager (John) came to our table and explained their restaurant concept and how they are handling the CoVid situation, with regards to cleaning in between diners.  They even brought  a hand-sanitizer when we paid our bill. Our waiter Christian was so attentive and he was also very friendly.  We will be back to try other dishes!"
Love love LOVE this place! The food was so good I forgot to take photos! Try the calamari! Soo gooooddd!
Ordered a sweet and spicy shrimp dish and a green curry filet mignon dish, both of which were excellent. They do not cut corners and they focus on bold flavors. They seem to care about every dish they make to ensure it is of good quality. The service was impeccable! I would definitely come back for it! Highly recommend.
"We really enjoyed our experience here at 1618 Asian fusion! They were very accommodating to our big party of over 20! The managers were awesome and the food was delicious! Definitely a great date or party spot! Can't wait to come back!



Back again and back with another amazing review. What an amazing staff and restaurant. Austin's hidden gem I swear! Thank you for the amazing service guys. They made our anniversary very special!"
I ordered the General Tso Chicken and Pineapple Fried Rice. Both were amazing. Food came out quickly (appetizers came out first as we were pretty hungry). There was a lot of flavor and our server was extremely kind. One of the best Asian restaurants I have been to. They have tons of variety in Asian cuisine and are very quick. There was also good social distancing measures in place and multiple hand sanitizers available. Highly recommend 10/10!!
Hidden gem! Wonderful bar are, great HH until 7! Great for work meetings, girls nights and dates. Good environment with music but not super loud. They have alive music on Saturdays. Mark the bartender was awesome! Check these out:
1618 has been one of our go-to spots in Austin for the past year, and has never disappointed. I feel somewhat ashamed it's taken me this long to leave a review. Every time we've come, the service has been phenomenal, and it's been heartening to see the business flows pick up over time and the team continue to craft the experience. We have had Shaira as our server a handful of times, and she has made each experience better than the last. Truly an asset to this restaurant. Food is always good and fairly priced. Great restaurant for any occasion.
We love this place! Never disappointed with anything we've ordered and we've tried almost half the menu. Working on the other half :) John (manager) is so friendly and welcoming. We look forward to chatting with him every time.
Amazing restaurant! Service, Timing, Options, Quality for the $$..... checks all the boxes!
We went to this place before kayaking which is right next door. I thought the service was ok as there were ten people working And two tables. They sat us outside and it was directly in the sun. The spray fans didn't work so they asked us to come inside. The food however was just ok.my husband had pho which was decent soup but not real pho. I had the beef which was raw. I love mid rare but it was barely tossed. It took probably 30 mi it's before coming to even check on us but when they did They saw it and tried to make it right. By this time I didn't have time to fix it. Which was fine. This seemed like a restaurant trying to do too many Asian things but not knowing their place. And with no one running the dining room it was just not very good. If you want thai, viatnamese, or any Asian find a restaurant that specializes in it. This is not the place.  Very disappointing.
Went here for a little girls lunch and it was AMAZING! All of the food was delicious. We had lamb chops, peking duck and coconut rice. All perfection!  And to top it all off or server Brian was so attentive and sweet!! We came up from San Antonio and we will definitely be back!!!
The Pho was excellent and the service was the best I've experienced in a while. Definitely recommend coming here.
Solid spot. A bit pricy, but everything tastes good. Get that banana leaf salmon dish (the sauce is really really good) or their big Pho special with all the different types of beef. Another great option is the app sampler. They're a great option on the Asian Fusion side of things.
$$$ quality at $$ prices. Filet mignon for $17? I'm not quite sure how this place stays in business, but the diner is the winner. The super nice manager came by every table to personally make sure everyone was enjoying the experience. I just moved to the area and this is my new go to restaurant.
The most flavorful food I have had in a while! Everything was absolutely amazing including the staff. We had Sonia as our waitress and she was so sweet and knowledgeable! The sampler was to die for and the green curry as well as the chicken pad Thai was out of this world with unforgettable flavors. I will be bringing so many people here for the breathtakingly fantastic food.
"Probably one of the best fried rice I've ever had. Must try the coconut fries rice and the pineapple fried rice. I am vegetarian and the pineapple had Peking duck but they were able to accommodate tofu as a sub. 

Staff were courteous and seated us right away. There was hardly anyone there. Right when we were about to leave it got pretty busy and the place seemed so packed altogether, that we left as soon as we finished our food. With the whole covid, it makes you wonder how safe a restaurant is if they pack everyone in one spot, which they did.

I would have given them 5 stars but they let a customer in without a mask. The customer just pulled up their shirt as a makeshift mask, which would not have been permissible in other restaurants. The customer then put his shirt down once seated. It just seemed unsafe to me that they would let them in without a proper face covering.

Other than observing that, everything else was great."
We love this place. I wish the online order portal didn't say food could be ready at 11, since it's not possible, but they are great at communicating the time it will be ready. They're very easy to work with and delicious.
Came here for our last lunch in Austin before heading home and was very impressed. We got the papaya salad which was great and had the perfect amount of heat, the calamari which was lightly fried and came with the. Oat amazing dipping sauce. I ordered the shrimp and crab fried rice, it came in a coconut which was super cute! Definitely will come back next time I'm in Austin.
I got the chance to visit 1618 Asian Fusion twice. As a Vietnamese who grew up in Vietnam, I'd have to say that 1618 Viet food is not Vietnamese 100% authentic. If you are looking for true authentic Viet food, then 1618 is not that place (which the name of the restaurant has explained, fusion Viet). Now, being a fusion restaurant, I'd have to say that their dishes do fairly represent the Asian taste with great twists. The dishes are seasoned and cooked to perfection. However, a bit too mild for me as I do prefer flavorful dishes. For me, the item that I'm most impressed with is their egg coffee and I think is their must try! Overall, I had great experience at the restaurant, with enjoyable atmosphere and customer service. If you like Asian food but are not comfortable with exotic taste, then 1618 is definitely your perfect choice! But if you would like authentic Viet food, come to Houston and hit me up ;)
A.M.A.Z.I.N.G.  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to one of the best Asian food restaurants in Texas.
Great-friendly service. A menu with options for those of all dietary restrictions. And beautiful decor. What more can you ask for.
"While the food was 5 star, the service was poor. Ran out of Duck and kitchen was backed up....did they no prepare for New Years Eve? Poor planning. Using Yelp to check in did us no favors, when we got there we still had to add our name to a list and wait an hour. What's the point?! Our server kept saying the kitchen was backed up and that's why the food was delayed. But that doesn't explain poor service. They offered free ""champagne"" for the inconvenience but the server and the kitchen SERVICE was the issue. Even with a slow kitchen, the sever can provide A-1 service, that didn't happen. The check in process, was sub-par and should be explained on Yelp, if the restaurant doesn't want it to reflect in their reviews."
"I mean, if you don't come here, are you even human? The service is beyond the best in Austin. Everyone is so friendly and hospitable.  
Then...the food...
There are no words to explain how delicious the food is here. You have to try it.  The Pho on a chilly evening on the patio is divine. The appetizers are yummy and order multiples.  
Just get here.  Just try it.  You will not be disappointed!  Everyone here is treated like royalty."
"We were craving pad thai and decided to give 1618 a try. The Monday-Thursday 5-7p happy hour was a pleasant surprise with $5 cocktails and small bites. The space is large and allowed for ample distance between tables. 

Ordered a couple drinks, the pork belly buns, grilled duck skewers, pad thai, vietnamese bowl, and a cup of chicken pho broth. All were satisfying and would be ordered again. 

Make a reservation or at least remember to check in to the waitlist via Yelp ahead of your arrival."
"Been here twice and soo impressed with their food each time. I LOVE their egg rolls. They use taro fillings in their egg rolls and it makes it taste soo amazing. I wish they would sell these in frozen packages. 

I got the Vietnamese Bowl with pork and egg rolls. They are very generous with their portions. It came with like 4 mini egg rolls along with the pork. My only complaint was that their pork slices were burnt and I had to pick out every burnt part. (Not sure if that's their style of cooking or not to give it a smokey taste) But the second time I was there I told them to not burn the pork and they fixed it! 

Beware - most of their Thai dishes are on the spicer end and you can't modify the spicy level. The Tom yum soup, Pad Thai, and pineapple fried rice were all very spicy. (For reference at Thai restaurants I usually order spice level 2 out of 5) I came with people who love spicy food so it was perfect for them. 

The Pad Thai was a bit too sweet for my taste. I prefer my pad Thai to be more savory than sweet.


**Appetizer: 

Would definitely recommend coming during happy hours to try their $5 appetizers. Crispy salmon was AMAZING! The pork belly bao was average and nothing unique about it. Their papaya salad was good and not too spicy but they give you very little compared to other places I have been. 

This place is cute for a causal meal or even a date night! Do remember to make a reservation beforehand because this place gets packed! (While still practicing social distancing)"
Such a wonderful meal! Mark was our waiter and he did a phenomenal job. We came for my birthday and he was so sweet, accommodating, and thoughtful. The food was great, but the service was really spectacular. Really recommend them! Their egg rolls, curries, and drinks were delicious.
Jordan was AMAZING. Bryan was also so great. Never had a bad experience here and love coming back.
"This place felt like home. I'm Cambodian American and Southeast Asian food can sometimes be difficult to come across when traveling. I was extremely pleased with what they have here. 
I ordered banana leaf salmon... which is known as Drey Amok in Khmer. Often, this dish is a red curry fish soufflé, usually served inside a banana leaf that is constructed into a bowl. It hit all of the high notes with the flavors but the soufflé was the only component that was missing.
My wife had pineapple fried rice and she thought it was great. 
My friends had green curry (lemmongrass) and stir friend filet minon dipped in a salt, pepper, lemon sauce. In my culture, this is called lok lak. Both were also fantastic.
We also had lemongrass duck on skewers, appetizer platter and salt, pepper calamari, and satay (chicken skewers) all were amazing.
Additionally, the service was impeccable. The cocktail drinks were reveled by everyone who had one. 
The decor was elegant and design was fresh. The menu was disguised to appeal to Americans for sure."
First time eating here with my family for lunch and we had a good amount of portion for what we paid.Service was amazing and Phat our server did an amazing job!He was so kind and accommodating and even offered us hand sanitizer before we left!They definitely practice the safety of others during the pandemic and we can't wait to eat here again.Thank you Phat for giving us an amazing first time experience and serving us really good food.Was so good we forgot to take food pictures
"I really wanted to like this place. I ordered shrimp pho, shrimp and pork egg rolls and Tom yum soup. 
1) pho: they didn't devein the shrimp and it was super undercooked, like raw in the middle. I even boiled the broth before adding it to the bowl, but it still didn't cook the shrimp through. After the first bite of raw poop string shrimp, I tossed the rest. 
2) Tom yum: it didn't taste like your typical Thai restaurant, it was really sweet and not tangy/spicy like I'm used to. 
3) egg rolls with fish sauce and lettuce were excellent, I'd order these over and over again. 
I'll give this place another shot, and try something else and order more egg rolls."
Such delicious food, very well prepared, smaller portions but well worth it for the quality. Seem to take great care to apply Corona safety measures, everyone wore masks properly and sanitizer was available. Crispy pad Thai, salt & pepper shrimp, and coconut fried rice so yuM. Green curry w filet was really good too but a little spicy for me i'm afraid. Can't wait to go back!
This place is beautiful!! And the food and drinks are great. Spencer was a great waiter.
Simply the best restaurant in austin, hands down. The pho, pad Thai, duck skewer, and calamari are all so flavorful. The spices were magnificent and I just felt so happy eating everything. We did curbside pick up and the process was smooth and quick- just call the number on their website to pick up. Beware- ordering off of the google maps delivery adds on to the prices of each individual item- so order from the website! Also, the duck lemongrass skewer is a MUST here.
Super good and quick service. The authentic of the restaurant is relaxing and calming. The food is seasoned and well worth the price
Ordered delivery as out of towners after seeing it was close by our hotel and had 5 star reviews. And WOW did they live up to the reviews. We had the crunchy pad Thai and pineapple fried rice and I went back and forth throughout the meal saying they were both my favorite. I haven't had great pad Thai since moving to Texas and this one was delicious. Lots of flavor and the perfect amount of spice. Same with the pineapple fried rice. Even delivery it came in a hollowed out pineapple which was fun. Rice was a great balance of sweet and spicy. Would definitely try more on the menu if we ever visit again.
This spot was one of my best experiences here in Austin. To the service, drinks and environment, everything was just phenomenal. Our server was Fernando and he was super friendly and helpful
5 star means perfect and I normally hesitate to rate a place 5 star, but this place really deserves it. Perfect in all aspects.
Don't know how I had never been here! So good. Wonton soup and sampler appetizer were my favorites. Staff and management were very attentive and made the experience that much better
Wow! This restaurant is super cool. I love their interior with all of the details. They go above and beyond during this covid time. Our waiter was really nice. We ordered duck skewers, appetizer sampler, rare steak, brisket pho and dry egg noodles. We ordered too much for 2. The food was all good though. I was impressed that they have the flat rice noodles for pho instead of regular skinny ones in other Viet restaurants. Also, they put veggies and even the bill in cute baskets. Five stars for the quality and display of the food. I highly recommend this place to anyone who is around Austin.
All of the food is delicious & great prices for the quality as well. The service by Bryan was impeccable. He was very prompt & kind, giving recommendations without even asking and explaining the menu. Always refilled our water before we got to the carafe. From the host, to the service all the way to the manager, the service was what you would expect at a fine dining restaurant. Honestly just amazing & is our new favorite Asian food spot. Can't say enough good things about this place!
The Pho here is so delicious! I eat here regularly and absolutely love it. If you're in Austin I highly recommend trying it! You won't be disappointed
The staff at this restaurant may be the nicest people I've ever come across. They were very friendly and made sure I was taken care of throughout my meal. The mimosas were great and it was difficult to stop myself when I did. I found the food to be good also. Nothing on my plate blew me away but it was solid and I would eat it again if I could.
"A new trendy spot that serves creative fusion Asian dishes!! Service was attentive and prompt. 

Not sure if the Hanoi coffee was worth $8, but it was fun to try and was good! 

I think they have the best version of pad thai that I've ever tasted -- you HAVE to get it crispy!! I would come back just for this dish!! Wish they'd sell the fried plain noodles, so I could buy it by the pound and snack on at home -- would beat any chips on earth!!"
Serves real Asian food with a fusion mix, excellent service and food, we'll be back soon 1618 crew! Also enjoyed the tasteful interior decoration and music, you owe it to yourself to give this relatively new restaurant a try!
I never Yelp but this place deserves all the stars. We order from here all the time via Uber eats and appreciate that it's delivered by restaurant staff. Pad Thai has always been my favorite & this place rocks it; if you order it spicy it will set you on fire, so beware! Recently I ordered the crispy pad Thai & holy moly it is good - highly recommend - difference is the noodles & texture. Worth trying. We've also ordered the orange chicken & it was bomb.com. Big fan of Tom yum kha soup so excited to try that soon. OOOONLY Ugh is the egg rolls! They are good but aren't typical. No sweet/sour dipping sauce & are too thin/small. Not a dealbreaker, still ordering from here every 10 days or so.
"My Date made a reservation and brought me here on a Tuesday night saying he wanted to take me to the best restaurant in Austin, and honestly everything was AMAZING! Starting with the hostess, very welcoming and we were sat promptly at our nicely ""reserved"" booth. Next, we were greeted by our server Sonia with water, and while pouring for us gave a brief explanation of the drink specials. They all sounded SO AMAZING! We decided the 30% off bottle of wine special which was too great to pass up as we both love wine! Next Sonia came to the table and presented the wine and poured for us in these beautiful wine glasses they use, so far all the service felt very classy, and that is something I really look for in a place, and rarely experience. We started with the Calamari, and though I don't eat the tentacle part, there were plenty of rings, and my Date was more than happy to eat the rest! Best Calamari I've ever had, and the sauce was just perfectly flavorful and really set it off! We then ordered the ""Banh Trang Nuong"" which was explained as a Vietnamese street food, and wow, so interesting how it came with these beautiful little scissors to cut it up and it was fun. Honestly the flavor was so uniquely delightful. Just the right amount of spicy elements to it as well, and I'm a little fearful of spice. We then had the 1618 Egg Rolls, which were perfectly hot, light in flavor, and crispy because it seems they use rice paper instead of thicker dough to wrap and fry them in, and the veggies and fish sauce complimented it nicely. Lastly, we ordered the Lemongrass Duck Skewers, and woah...this was by far my favorite as I had never tried Duck before, and OMG the flavor was incredible. Definitely a must try! For dessert we got the new Cheesecake Dessert and the presentation and flavor were just a perfect finish to the date! They bring it to you with a side of ice cream, and the fun begins...our server Sonia lit a glass of some type of alcohol and once turning the glass to allow it to thicken a little as it was flickering a blue flame she poured it over the cheesecake and with the little blue flame engulfing the cheesecake she ""dashed"" cinnamon on it to make it have a beautiful and fiery finish, and then topped it with the ice cream....wow...quite the presentation and I have never tasted a dessert so perfectly smooth and sweet! By this point we were in Heaven! Sonia was such an amazing server, she was always there with a happy demeanor when we needed her, and she always kept our water and wine glasses topped off. She had a super sweet and perky demeanor as a server, and a vibe about her service that really made us both feel like royalty! The manager John came by the table to greet us and he also had such a wonderful and welcoming personality it makes perfect sense why this place is the best! Keep it up 1618 Asian Fusion, we will 100% be back and talking about you to everyone we know!"
"As an Asian person I find myself cringing at the word 'fusion' a lot, especially coupled with anything asian. No I would not like a pho taco, you get that nonsense away from me! I want carnitas taco and pho in a bowl please. I am well aware that asian restaurants dont necessarily come with the best service either. This restaurant is a step up from the owners of 888. And they brought the best! 

Service was phenomenal we had a group of 20 and 1 server. Multiple drinks, snacks, entrees, oh my goodness my water was always filled too. This man deserves an award! It was my friend's birthday and he got the live music to sing happy birthday TWICE! It was such a smooth experience, I was blown away. I was definitely dredding the asian restaurant bill/food mix up fiasco. 

Food: we ate pretty much everything, the consensus is yes, come eat here. This can be your gateway into the world of Asian cuisine and fine street food. 

Overall: I would bring my overly skeptic parentals here. They would appreciate it."
"Okay, any place that names itself 'Asian fusion' is always going to get some degree of healthy skepticism. 

That being said, I was pleasantly surprised with all of our food here. As a picky eater - especially with Asian food, I loved all the things we ordered. 

My partner and I ordered the salt and pepper calamari (my fave), the Tom yum soup, the Vietnamese bowl and crispy pad Thai. 

For the most part, the Vietnamese dishes tasted like something I'd get at a good viet restaurant, but with a little bit of pizazz and fancy presentation.  

Also, the part where I'll give 1618 a lot more credit is that there were small things in the food that really showed their care and creativity. My calamari had these beautiful wild flowers laid on it. 

And, I even got nostalgic eating their eggs rolls. The style of Vietnamese egg rolls that I rarely ever see is those made with rice paper (as oppose to egg wrappers). The moment I bit into the egg rolls it reminded me of what my grandmother use to make with the crunchy skin and layers of layers of chewy rice paper. 

1618, thanks for the nostalgia and for bringing fusion forward. 

Yes - I'd go back, and I'd bring a friend!"
Had a great experience here! Jordan our server was so helpful! He was so enthusiastic and had amazing recommendations! He recommended the watermelon cucumber cocktail and it tasted just like a watermelon jolly rancher! His entree recommendations were amazing! Had the pepper steak and pineapple fried rice and enjoyed it very much!
"Pho is good, ambiance is nice. Clean, like the menu. Located next to lake.  Nice decor 
Fresh food good flavor"
Bomb.com... Get the pad Thai and some dumplings.. Seriously the best pad Thai ever. So much flavor. The chicken curry is incredible too!
Best staff, best menu, best food. Been here so many times since they opened and it's truly one of our favorite restaurants in ATX.
I have enjoyed both my dinner date night and happy hour experiences at 1618! From the apps to the main course, service and bar cart it's a great experience. For my 3rd trip I'm going back specifically to try the grilled beef rib and filet mignon pho; and they also have dim sum on Sunday!
The first thing we noticed was the relaxing jazz music and the nicely lighted interior. We enjoyed the Wonton soup as an appetizer. The sesame chicken was good and came out quick. Overall a very relaxing restaurant with high quality food.
The service is amazing and their delicious food is even better! Cathy is so adorable, very attentive, entertaining and very knowledgeable. She is a huge asset to the restaurant. The service we received was so amazing and we will definitely be back! Kudos to everyone especially to John, Cathy, Lian, Sheena, Christian, Abe and Sheena!
Awesome experience, A+++!  Went here for a first date and it was excellent in every way.  The manager even took the time to come over and explain how my date's salmon was smoked for 6 hours and detail their process.  Plus they have cool plants and good music playing!
Amazing food and appetizers  are the best here grilled Octopus and grilled duck are juicy and tastes very good. Pineapple fried rice is very appealing but tastes very usual.
First off, top notch customer service from our waiter. She was on top of her game! She recommended the duck skewer appetizer which was to die for.I also had the chicken pho which was delicious. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience and I highly recommend this place.
"Wow now I understand why this place got 5 stars 100%! The restaurant's design is very luxury and fancy, but the price is affordable! The food was AMAZING! We ordered shrimp coconut fried rice, 5 sampler and grilled octopus and they were all delicious!
The staffs were friendly and helpful! The environment here is so so so relaxing! The quality of the food and the price.. I will give this place 6 stars if I can!"
"The food and service here were really great! We ordered the sampler appetizers, pho, dry noodles, some satay, and the crispy pad thai, and mango sticky rice.

I absolutely hated the crispy pad thai since I didn't quite understand what it was when I ordered it - I thought it would be pan fried noodles that are just crispier on the outside, but it turns out they deep fry the noodle first which makes it feel like you're just eating deep fried batter. However, when I told the staff, they went absolutely ABOVE AND BEYOND and replaced my dish QUICKLY with the regular pad thai so I really appreciated that! The regular pad thai was exactly what I wanted and delicious.

I only took off 1 star as I thought their service was a little excessive and pushy. While it was nice that they were so attentive, we ended up in 5 minute conversations with the staff at least 5 or 6 times. And a couple of the times it was right when they put down the food so I was staring at my food, salivating, but trying to be courteous and listen to them. This just bothered us more as my friends and I traveled to Austin since we haven't seen each other in a while and were trying to catch up with each other, not strangers."
I have been here a bunch and will say the service is consistently , true five star service. The food is also consistently great, sometimes on the spicy side, but I love that. My favorite dishes are the dry noodle soup (mind blowing good), Saigon chicken wings, the lamb chops, Peking duck, and coconut fried rice. The mango sticky rice and creme brûlée are also amazing! I love taking friends and out of town guests here--very reasonable prices for exceptional service and amazing food.
Experience, service, and food all 5 stars! This place is awesome! Our waiters were all so fun and friendly and great at helping us pick what to eat- which I much appreciated!  the general manager came over to thank us for dining and they even split our bill so kindly and perfectly. We got the pho rib, soup dumplings, shrimp coconut fried rice, crispy pad thai and filet mignon onion stir fry all so delicious! A must try!
"The best take out I've had in years! 

The broth in the chicken pho is so flavorful with just the right amount of toppings on the side. The pineapple rice had the perfect balance of spicy and sweet and the meat was cooked to perfection. I'm just sad I haven't tried this place sooner, but I'm excited to try the rest of the menu!"
"Dropped in here on the whim for Sunday dinner. We were not disappointed. There were so many great option to choose from and it was hard to pick what we wanted. Settled on the spicy pineapple fried rice, which mixed in shrimp and duck. I've never felt more loved from the inside out! The grilled octopus was also delicious and I would give up everything for those Bangkok wings. No doubt. I noticed a green ombre drink floating around a few tables. Looks like match latte was super popular. So I will have to grab that next time. The restaurant is super cute and the staff were attentive and nice! I recommend this place for birthday parties and date nights. It has that vibe.

Pro tip: depending on the night you go, there could be live entertainment. Definitely approve!"
"This is one of my favorite Asian restaurants in Austin (the best in the downtown-ish area). Their food is incredibly flavorful, the portions are great, the atmosphere of the restaurant is lovely, and they're very consistent. 

We've been doing their carry out lately and they do a great job of packing everything up and making sure we can enjoy it similar to how it would be served in the restaurant. There's no spillage and the food stays warm. 

Some favorites include their Phos, pad Thai, general tso's chicken, egg rolls, tum yum, and fried rice. The only thing I've had here that I wasn't too big on was the whole snapper but that might be a matter of taste. I really don't think there's any way to go wrong here. 

You can tell from the quality and taste that this is definitely the sister restaurant to 888."
A Big Wow! The service is exquisite, the food is phenomenal and this is right in my backyard! It's a challenge to find authentic Asian restaurants in Austin; this is one of them!
My husband and I chose 1618 Asian Fusion as our first date since having our baby and we were so impressed with their service. We made a reservation and was greeted at the door and was seated at our table right away. The restaurant space is really nice and they were playing nice reggae music which was a plus for me. I saw that they had what looks to be like a stage area which makes me think that they may have live music every so often which is a really nice touch to the atmosphere. Our server, Bryan, was very helpful in helping us choose what we might like from the menu and he was very knowledgeable with the menu as well. For our appetizers we ordered the Chicken Satay and Shrimp Spring Roll which were both delicious! If I had one thing to say, it would be that I hoped the Chicken Satay portion would be a bit larger, but it was very tasty either way. For our entrees we ordered the Thai Tum Yum Fresh Coconut Fried Rice, Chicken Vietnamese Bowl, and the General Tso Chicken Plate. Each dish was really really good, but I'd have to say that the Thai Tum Yum Fresh Coconut Fried Rice was my favorite. We also had a Cosmo and a Thai Tea which tasted great as well! Overall the service and the food was definitely 5 stars! We will definitely be visiting this restaurant again in the near future.
"Reprising my role as a dedicated Yelper (I've been busy, yo) to sing the praises of this Hot and New estab. 

1618 is named after its address, but the lack of creativity stops there. The interior is a gorgeous, modernist representation of traditional Asian architecture. Raw wood is the star, here. Bent strips create spectacular movement from the ceiling to the walls. It's breathtaking. 

But ok, let's talk about the food. Holy crap, this food is a far cry from the sports bar that used to fill the kitchen. The menu is Asian. There's not a geographical location that gets the bulk of real estate on it, but everything is chosen carefully and the food we had was absolutely phenomenal. 

We tried the pad Thai and the fried rice and I know that is super basic, but these dishes are anything but basic. The pad Thai had a hint of heat that left the chili's lingering, but didn't overpower the other flavors. The fried rice had the most tender filet mignon in it that could've stood by itself. I'm in internal conflict trying to decide which dish was better. I highly recommend both. 

Lastly the service is a dream. Our server (Kai?)(I'm sorry, I'm in a good daze!) was amazing. He was attentive and answered all our questions and just made us feel welcome overall. 

I don't venture to riverside often, but you can guarantee I'll be headed this way over and over again. Spread the word, they're new and ready to please."
We had egg rolls, octopus, Beef green curry and pad Thai. Everything was above regular Asian restaurants I've been to with about same price. I feel like everything we ordered was made from scratch. The place was very nice and clean. Service was great. I'd take anyone here.
"1618 is definitely one of Austin's must try restaurants- combining upscale and quality food, great ambiance, and affordable prices. I love the fusion aspect with dishes from all over Eastern Asia. 

We ordered:
- lamb which was super flavorful and tender
- garlic bok choy which was nice and light
- yellow curry which wasn't too spicy, pretty sweet and rich, decent amount of meat
- crispy pad Thai: probably our favorite dish because of how unique it is, the noodles were fried so they were super crispy and provided a nice textural element, and the sauce wasn't too sweet and had the right amount of tanginess to it

Would love to visit again soon and try the rest of the menu!"
I went to 1618 for the first time, last weekend with my friend who frequents there and I must say, IT WAS AMAZING! Everything, from the food, to our server Kathy, who was both attentive and wildly personable. Then, to add icing to the cake, the owner/manager (I'm not sure) took time to talk to each every table and make us feel right at home. I'm from Houston, and we like our food a little spicier than most and Kathy made sure to ask the chef to add some more kick to the curry. Overall, it's a must if you're in Austin, because they made this Houstonian feel right at home.
Best food ever! I had the brisket and filet mignon pho and tasted my husbands pad Thai!! The octopus was amazing! Drinks were amazing!  Loved everything!!! Definitely going back!!
Where to begin. The food was delectable. The server became my BFF. The vibe was cool/chic/hot. Jordan was literally the best server I've ever had (even though he is a westlake chaparral). Jordan should be mr 1618 and deserves the keys to the castle Bc he will be the greatest host. God bless Jordan.
I noticed that they had five stars on yelp and I thought it was too good to be true. However, this restaurant has earned its five stars. I was very pleased with this restaurant. The service and the management were great. Our server was Dominic and the manager who check up us on us was Don. Both were very pleasant. I got the fried pineapple rice and chicken satays and both were great. They also are very clean and have great precautions. All workers wear masks and I saw our server change his gloves, which is great. I also watched them wipe down all the tables.The atmosphere was very relaxed and high end and the prices were great! I would definitely recommended this place. Such a pleasant dining experience.
1st time here! Shaira did such a great job explaining the menu and recommending a few favorites and popular dishes! We got the Pho Rib & Chicken Crispy Pad Thai & both plates were delicious! It was actually my first time trying Pho & this place didn't disappoint :) All employees were wearing masks and our table was sanitized before seating us.
Our food was absolutely amazing! Everyone was supper inviting and wonderful, and our waiter Jordan is the best we could ever have! He was so much fun with his conversations and voice impressions! I had the best time. Definitely visiting again!
"Food, service, ambiance, AMAZING. Manager stopped by our table to talk with us and he was just so sweet.
The filet mignon was my favorite but everything was awesome as well. Definitely will be back ASAP."
Absolutely love this place! I had their steak and brisket pho! It has so much flavor and I loved the quality of the meat.
The food is a prefect mix of Vietnamese/Thai food! I got their Pad Thai, Hu Tieu Kho and Saigon Grilled Lamb Chop! I can't find Hu Tieu Kho anywhere in Austin and I'm asian. Not only did they have it, but it tasted amazing! Their delivery guy was especially nice! If I could give 10 stars I would.
Everything was so good!!! Highly recommend. We had two great cocktails (secretini and Asian tequila thing I can't remember the name of), the sampler, and the Imperial snapper. It was all so delicious and the service was outstanding! Thanks for taking great care of us Bryan! Outdoor seating was great for pandemic times (although a bit windy). Will be coming back for sure.
I recently went to 1618 Asian Fusion and it is such a gem! The interior is beautiful, the food is delicious and the prices are reasonable. We ordered the Grilled Octopus, Pho Brisket and Filet Mignon, and the Filet Mignon Stir Fried Onion. Each dish was perfect in its own way but I must admit, the pho was to die for! I've never had pho broth like that before but I'm officially obsessed!! I can't wait to return and try the rest of the menu!
My nephew selected this for his birthday dinner, based on Yelp reviews! SO of course we expected it to be good. IT WAS BETTER THAN GOOD, it was GREAT!! The staff was incredibly attentive, which is unusual these days, and I really did appreciate that. We shared a Peking Duck, which was as even better than Din Ho, where we wanted to go but they are closed Mon and Tues now. The skin was perfectly crispy crunchy with the layer fat totally cooked off, and it was tender and delicious! They caught on that it was someone's birthday and they brought us a nice surprise piece of cheesecake topped with soft caramel, it was delightful! And the drinks were supurb! Great atmosphere too. This is on my A list now!
Perfect execution and jam packed with flavor. The dishes we tried were well thought out, a fresh spin on classic Asian dishes.  The salt and pepper prawns were large, spiced perfectly and crispy outside / succulent inside. The grilled rib was a little burnt and dry, especially on the edges. The hot broth is clear and has so much flavor. Lastly, the boy choy with garlic and brown sauce has large pieces of vegetables that are a little tricky to eat, especially without a knife - using baby bok choy or slicing the boy choy into quarters vs halves may make it easier to consume.  Overall, a wonderful dinner.
Both the pineapple fried rice and chicken pad thai were amazing! The aesthetic of the restaurant is modern, clean and very well done. The lighting is very nice, very intimate setting but also good for groups. The staff is super friendly and welcoming, including John (the owner?) who took the time to introduce himself and tell us a little bit about the store and their vision. Would recommend!
This aesthetic of this place is great! The staff was very friendly and our waitress was very nice. I brought a few friends from out of state and they loved it as well! There cocktail menu is awesome and they have sake bottles available as well. I will definitely be back again to try more menu items !!
Delicious pad Thai and iced matcha latte. No idea where this place came from, but I am really glad it exists now. I used to go to 888 when I first moved to Austin, but the quality of their food declined after a year or so of living here (around 2015). Not sure if the owners changed, but this place definitely fills the void 888 left in my heart.
"The best restaurant in Austin! I visited here with my husband on my birthday. Ambience was pretty modern and cozy live music was performed at the stage. 

We started with beer and eggrolls. The eggrolls were crispy outside and juicy inside. 
I chose crispy pad thai instead of original one as per our server's recommendation and it was just PERFECT! I'll definitely order the same menu on my next visit. Duck skew bowl was also great but the crispy pad thai blew my mind.  While having meal, the manager came and checked kindly to make sure everything's fine.  

After we finished the meal, the servers came to me singing happy birthday song with a piece of cake and card.  It was so heartwarming ! The card was even a handwritten one. How sweet they are :) 

Food , ambience, service were all perfect, over the expectation. I'll likely to come back with other friends any time soon."
Orange chicken was okay, not the best. Pineapple fried rice was good, that's what I would order next time. My partner liked crispy pad Thai. I like the decorations and atmosphere. Service was good, kind and pleasant. One recommendation would be to cover the lights on the walls at the far right when you enter the restaurant (or reduce their brightness) as they are strong and whoever sits across to it has to bear the bright light and makes it uncomfortable. Would come back.
This was the first time we ever went to 1618, and with so much good food in Austin, this place did not disappoint. I think this was top 5 favorites when it comes to food in Austin. Not only does the food taste fresh but the staff was extremely friendly. It was my sisters birthday and they wrote her a personalized card, it was very thoughtful and a great touch. We would definitely be returning.
"Had a really great dinner at 1618 this evening. Loved the atmosphere and relaxed ambience. The excellent, attentive service provided by Audrey, manager and staff was on par with a fine dining room. Given the restaurant was pretty busy for a Monday night, I was surprised by the attentive service. 

The food is - per its namesake - a fusion of Southeast asian & Chinese dishes. 5 items sampler appetizer was tasty, both visually and flavorful, with all the different colors, textures, and sauces. It's like 30+ different combinations  of sauces & apps. The duck skewers were juicy and the lemongrass stalks they were grilled with provided a nice flavor profile. The tom yum kha was delicious and packed full of ingredients in a hot (not very spicy) & sour broth. The pineapple fried rice was a mouthwatering dish made with giant sized prawns, fresh (not canned) pineapples, basil, chunks of duck, and egg - highly recommended dish. 

This place has been soft opened for ~4 months with an official opening for 01/31/2020. Amazing food, great service, comfortable setting - a fusion for great success. You won't regret stopping in."
One of the best experiences ever. It was a pre-engagement rehearsal lunch after kayaking on the river. The food was amazing and the service was spectacular. Super highly recommend!
"Wow. I can't believe i didn't know about this place sooner. Had the pork and egg roll vermicelli bowl and I'm literally still daydreaming about it almost 24 hours later. 

Great service, beautiful clean build out, and freaking delicious Asian fusion cuisine. I'll def be back."
"One of the best Asian fusions I had in recent times. Starting with drinks we had green Thai ice tea and dragon fruit rose refresher. They were really good and flavorful. Appetizer we ordered their special rice paper pizza which is some kind of street food and it was amazing.

For entrees, we had a vegan bowl with tofu and avacado, green curry with vegetables, pad thai with tofu and pho vegetable. All the entrees were delicious in taste."
"The main thing I want to highlight about my first visit to 1618 is the stellar service. My server (I believe her name was Shaira) did a phenomenal job of thoughroughly explaining the menu, specials, popular dishes, and upcoming events. I wish this was a common occurrence at other restaurants. 

I ended up ordering the pineapple fried rice with chicken because I was told it was the most spicy item on the menu. It sadly had no heat whatsoever. I added chili paste which definitely improved the flavor but did not help in adding spice. To makes matters worse, the entire dish was completely overpowered by bell peppers and the sweetness from the pineapple was nullified. The presentation  was fantastic, though.

Minor complaints aside, I would come back to give their pho and pad thai a shot. Hopefully they won't hold back on the spice next time."
"This is without question, one of the best all around dining experiences in the greater Austin area. You will not find better bang for your buck anywhere, period. Service, atmosphere, and cuisine all warrant a higher price point. The all-to-common Asian Fusion restaurant concept often results in an uninspired, generic and underwhelming dining experience- not here. The fried calamari, pineapple fried rice (aka the Elon Musk Special), stir fry onion fillet, orange chicken, and red snapper are all notably fantastic. Management and the waitstaff are spectacular and accommodating, even during the busiest of hours. Be lucky enough to have Abe as your server and you'll likely never seek Asian food elsewhere inside the state of Texas again.  

Do yourself a favor and head to 1618 E Riverside Drive today. You're welcome."
Place is legit amazing. Menu is full of great options and the food tastes incredible. Solid spot - the pineapple fried rice is on point.
This was my first time at 1618, and my experience was good! The restaurant had a cozy, sophisticated vibe to it. It's not a typical hole in the wall Vietnamese restaurant- hence the name is Asian fusion. The menu was simple and had some Thai and Vietnamese dishes. I tried their well-known octopus skewers appetizer and shrimp pad Thai. The dishes were as expected and good. My friend's crispy pad Thai (not pictured) tasted more special than my ordinary pad Thai- I'll have to get it next time. The service was amazing, our waiter was really accommodating and professional. I hope this excellent service will remain the same over time! I only gave it a 4 star rating because I need to go another time to try out their Vietnamese dishes. Overall, I have to say the ambience and pricing are on point- quite affordable and posh.
aayeeee my name is mcnernskie and i love this food ! 10/10 . if you love asia and you love food they did it right here !!! ayeeeee
I've been here twice. The first time was great - attentive service - we got the green curry with chicken and the rib pho (out of this world). For some reason I thought the good food and service  was a one off. Until tonight. Repeat. Amazing service and food. Duck curry and rib pho are must haves. Brought my friends from atl/Chicago and they all said it was the best pho/curry they've had. Also was able to meet the owner who was so humble and kind. Will always stop here when I come to Austin.
Great food and exceptional service! Highly recommend! Indoor/outdoor vibe is great for date night, girls night and even solo dining after a long day at work (aka zoom fatigue). Can't speak more highly of this place, been multiple times. Vegetarian and vegan friendly!!!
This is the 3rd time we've been at 1618 and I'm finally writing a review. They are very consistent with a superior experience each time!  The appetizers are delicious, as well as the entrées. We have been too full each time to try the desserts.  Tonight we got the chicken satay appetizer which was delightful. My boyfriend got the combo fried rice which he really enjoyed!  I got the Vietnamese bowl with pineapple sauce instead of fish sauce per my request & I loved it!  It even has egg rolls right on it & they were amazing too!   All of the wait staff and management were very professional, friendly, and attentive - perfect!  Cathy (or Catherine) was our waitress tonight & she was excellent!  The restaurant is beautiful inside. We will be back again soon!
Final prep of the filet mignon & rib pho was done table side and the flavors were delicious. It included two brontosaurus ribs that were fall off the bone tender. Highly recommend but come hungry. Large portions!
"1618 Asian Fusion is worth a visit. The food is consistently delicious. We had the P2. Pho Brisket and Filet which has a decadent clear beef broth that has the essence of a traditional Vietnamese broth. The P7 which is their most expensive Pho. It was worth every penny! They bring the dish out fresh sans broth with a side of egg yolk. They pour their 16 hour broth right there which allows the raw filet mignon to cook to the perfect temperature before adding broth to the egg yolk. The rib that is included has been grilled to perfection allowing the char flavor to really enhance the overall flavor profile. I also highly recommend pouring in the yolk to create a smooth creaminess that makes the dish super decadent. The L3. Filet Mignon Pepper Steak (medium). These juicy nuggets of meaty deliciousness have achieved gold status with my family, we order it at every visit. Finally, dessert...the tiramisu although not made in house is very well balanced (portion is a little small). My favorite way to end my visit is with the mango sticky rice! The texture of the rice with a slight saltiness pairs perfectly with the balanced sweetness of the sauce, top that with a sweet ripe mango and you get one of the best things to ever grace your palate. 

The only thing that could use a slight improvement is the speed of service. They do a heavy volume of to go orders which seems to impact the in house dining experience. Don't get me wrong though, it's worth the wait!"
Hands down best pho I've tasted in Austin. Love both the food and the service and atmosphere. I would be a regular here for sure if I lived here. Even compared to nyc I gotta say this is super legit. 6 stars if possible!
"But FIRST dessert AND while in Austin....OMG my first here and I am beyond HAPPY! I ordered waaaay too much food for one person but how else are you going to really experience a place? Right? My heart is happy, my pansa full! 

Not only is the food AMAZING, the hospitality is phenomenal! My server Bryan was excellent! They really care about their guests! So next time you're in Austin be sure to stop by!! 

They have a great Happy Hour too! M-Thursday from 5pm-7pm. $5 cocktails*$5 Apps*$4"
Highly recommend this place, great atmosphere and service. Mark our server was super cool and accommodating! All the food we ordered was phenomenal; chicken pho, grilled octopus, lemon grass duck and the lemon pepper calamari!
WOW!! This place doesn't disappoint. The BEST pho in Austin. They delivery for free , on time and a 20% discount over $20. They have several gluten free options too. I read all the outstanding reviews and now I know why. It's my new goto restaurant. It's a must try for Asian fusion.
Love this place! Great food and service. Wonderful atmosphere! All their dishes are on par. Definitely recommended to this lovely place!
Everything was great! Easy parking, quick seating, nice ambiance on the patio, great service, great food. We got crispy wontons with pineapple sauce. Yum. Both the pepper steak and the crispy pad thai were exceptional. The cheesecake was good. No complaints. Very pleased with the experience overall. We will definitely return!
ASIAN FUSIAN is a spot I found in Austin on YELP that was super swanky! They had a live band playing some real nice smooth jams and their food was extremely delightful to the palat. Shrimp & Chicken Pad Thai was flavorful and packed a nice spicy kick to it. Beef & Shrimp Pho came out steaming and had an authentic flavor. Left with a big belly and a to go bag! #AsianFusian #AustinEats #ITravelForFood #KIMistrysFood2nv
"This place was disappointing.  We don't see what all the hype is. Arrived a ten mins late for the reservation, had called and notified the hostess 20 mins before the reservation , stated it was okay.  Then once arrived she said stated she added us to the wait list and after 15 more mins we were called back. 
Had a secrettini, it was okay, wouldn't get it again..underwhelming. 
All the food was just okay, nothing craveable, the pork spring rolls were good enough .  The pad tai and the Tom yum fried rice were a little ...not exciting. The rice was so mushy and lacking and the pad tai was equivalent to a frozen dinner. 
Service was okay, a little slow but maybe they're short staffed. 
This place is okay, has a vibe.  Prices were mostly reasonable but the foods not as delicious as some of the better spots in Austin . 
Reminds me of PF Chang's so if you're into that go here. Its not authentic or original but it's still a  night out if that's okay with you. Someone was singing and playing piano inside. Hey 
Maybe they missed the mark tonight since they have so many good reviews but we were bummed, won't be going back."
Waverly was amazingggg! I never leave reviews but this girl explained the whole menu to me and gave me the best customer service I've ever had!! Love 1618 and the bartender, Waverly.
"Food: 5; Drink: 4; Design: 5.

It is rare to find a Vietnamese fusion restaurant and most of them are not great. 1618 is one of the few that is different from other Viet fusion restaurants. The food here is not authentic Vietnamese food, but if I wanted authentic food, I wouldn't go here in the first place. It's Vietnamese fusion and it's surprisingly good. We got baby octopus, lemon grass duck skewers, crispy chilean salmon, chicken sui mai, lamb chop, and fried onion filet mignon. They were all great. Different but great! Some of these dishes like the filet mignon can be related to Vietnamese popular dishes but the food was made and presented with a very unique taste that did not lose the traditional flavour, yet offered something very different.

Their drinks were also very enjoyable. I tried the emperor, tokyotini, doers dragon, and Saigon rum punch. All of them were interesting and very floral. The emperor was the least floral and aslo what I like most. The Saigon rum punch can be a bit a difficult to appreciate since it doesn't have a standout flavour. However for those who have been to Saigon and know that place well, this cocktail can bring you a feeling of nostalgia about Saigon, a place that's humid, hot and hustling, yet charming and dynamic."
This restaurant is deserving of its five star status. Only opened a year ago but should be here for a long time. The food is delicious. The ambience is dreamy. The service is wonderful. If you like Asian food, Don't pass this place up. Catherine was an excellent server, Who is very friendly and helpful. We had the Drunken Devil which is a special containing shrimp wrapped in beef in a Panang curry sauce and even comes with a glass of wine. The Crispy pad Thai was the best ever. We had the pineapple fried rice along with the fillet mignon in green curry. We had the happy hour between 5 to 7 PM which included the Tokyotini, a sweet and delicious melon martini for five bucks. We will be heading back to California soon but definitely would be returning if we lived in Austin.
"Loved Today's brunch at 1618! I came with a table of 6 for Saturday brunch. Social distancing is enforced which is great! 

I'm not a huge fan of dumplings but my table said they enjoyed them. I had the pineapple fried rice and an order of wontons ($6). Everything was delicious. The pineapple fried rice ($17) had just the right amount of spice. The portion was bigger than expected and can probably be shared for two! I think the wontons were my favorite. I had the Tiramisu for dessert and I was not disappointed, it was DELICIOUS!! Mimosas were standard and half off (which was a great surprise). 

The service was just okay. I had to ask another service to bring cutlery. 

There is parking lot in the back with plenty of parking."
"Great quality food and A1 service! Took my sister here to celebrate her birthday and they were so accommodating and attentive. 

I just found my new date spot whenever I'm craving Viet/Asian fusion."
Their papaya salad and baby octopus are great. I got the pho rib as my entree and it was tasty. The rib was very tender and the soup was nice as well.
"Went to 1618 on a Sunday afternoon, sat on the patio, and it was very spacious and comfy. 
Service was incredible - Jordan was fast and extremely attentive. 
Food was fantastic - around $30 for an app and two dinners."
"W O W ! 

Will be back! 

Food tasted amazing, ambient was great and customer service was great! 

The best green curry I had tasted so far and the ribs in the pho caught me by surprise!"
Not much else to say besides 1618 is offering the best Asian fusion in the city. Large menu with lots of standouts: the filet with stir fried onions and Peking Duck among the many delicious dishes. Fast, courteous staff and great takeout service, 1618 has quickly become a staple.
I love this restaurant. My family and I had a great time there with good food. The staff was very friendly and thoughtful. They have very clean and safe indoor and outdoor seating areas. Highly recommended !
Delicious Duck! Nice service, a little out of the way, but worth it.
Very nice decoration and fancy Asian restaurant! Mix Vietnamese and Thai foods together, but they bring the flavor to the next level. Love the food and the way they present the foods! Love the pho noodle here, very clean broth with smokey ribs flavor in it! The coconut fried rice was ok, but nice presentation. Crispy pad Thai was ok. Recommend to try the ha not coffee with egg foam in it! The service was really good! Should call reserve before you come because it is super busy!
The food is great but pricey: the Thai dishes are deliciius. The outside seating is nice and they play good instrumental music.
Place is amazing. Staff is amazing (especially Cathy). Would definitely recommend everyone check it out and absolutely get the Peking Duck
"I'm sooo happy you made it through the current circumstances, since you opened in January before you-know-what hit, which blocked all attempts to visit this place.  I finally had dinner here with a Grand GalPal o'mine, and we had the best experience!

The happy hour menu comes highly recommended for several good reasons.  Each dish was prepared with care and hosted its own homemade sauce - which is made fresh and in-house, by the way - they don't buy any of their sauces.  And we were offered 30% off bottles of wine (including local Austin wine) - yes, please & thank you!

Catherine was a BLAST and top-notch server - talk about the best service ever, she explained all the dishes and wines (and paired them beautifully), dropped by with this fabulous drink cart of delish dinner shots, and continued to ensure our entire dinner experience was nothing short of the best.  Thank you, Catherine!

I'll be back for more great food and great service (and will always ask for Catherine's section), and I can't wait to share the newly announced Saturday & Sunday DIM SUM BRUNCH with the rest of my circle ... and come back for the Pho with my lunch group ... and feel safe about setting up physically-distanced happy hours.

I'm happy to support this local business!  Make your reservations through Yelp."
"All I have to say is......get the pho rib!!! Omg! Unique and so good. I was super skeptical of pho being $18 but I get it now.   

Grilled octopus is also really good. But they are tiny octopus and they LOOK like octopus. So if you can't stomach eating things that look like they should, don't order it. 

Chicken wings were okay. Nothing unique. Pineapple fried rice was good but not worth the $17. Just get the rib pho. :)

They also have good drinks!"
"Delicious food and friendly staff. Definitely worth checking out. 
Yelp is saying I need to write more so I'm just filling in space."
"Well damn, when did this place happen? Stunning interior, cloth napkins, free & easy parking - all on East Riverside? They could rename this place Pearl of the Quarter. 

It appears what you're getting here is their spin on the most popular Thai, Viet, & Chinese dishes, with IG presentation and impeccable service. On the random Thursday afternoon I was there, Shane & Zayn working the front were pretty perfect. 

I did think the baby octopus was a little chewier than I like, but that's subjective. The Bún Thit was solid, and the duck on lemongrass skewers was surprisingly great. The seasoned fish sauce was a nice touch. I also left here thinking I played my order way too safe, but I can only eat so much on my own. Next visit I'll just let Shane or Zayn pick all of it.  

They're still in soft open, I'm curious what the final tweaks will be, and if 1618 AF were downtown or on East 6th, the hipsters would be lining up for days. Maybe there is some kind of renaissance happening on East Riverside. That'd be cool."
Oh my gosh! We came here tonight for my birthday and I can't rave enough on how amazing this meal was! First off the place is totally safe for covid, tables spread so far apart, waiters wearing their masks and hand sanitizer at your disposal. The food was impeccable. We had chicken satay and the won tons for appetizers and they were delicious. I had the Thai pineapple fried rice. It was so good but a little spicy (no lie, I was sweating after chowing half of it!) My husband had the filet mignon green curry and dang, that ish was amazing! The best part was dessert: the flaming cheesecake! This was my first time eating here and definitely won't be my last. Also, the service was perfect. So freaking good!
"Please let me start off with stating that I like to be very straight forward and honest with my experiences so that people can really know what to expect and not just be wowed by the aesthetics of a place.

Living in south Austin, I feel that my options for Asian food are pretty limited. Therefore, I pretty much try any new Asian place I can find in hopes it'll be my new go to!

Firstly, any place that has Fusion in its name will receive some skepticism because people will most likely associate it with fast casual dining that's usually not anything close to traditional, which it is just that IMO. It just doesn't fit the vibe/atmosphere of this restaurant because it's beautiful inside and feels upscale. However, they had the front door open in the middle of summer, in Austin, TX, so it was muggy and there was a fly going around us while we ate. Maybe that's to add to the south East Asian dining experience? 

Ultimately the food is what really matters.
We were the first diners of the day and I feel that the food was a little slow to come out given no one else was dining atm. But I'll give them the benefit of the doubt assuming the wait time is due to them making everything fresh? 
My fiancé ordered the duck noodle soup and I ordered the dry noodle bowl with egg noodles. After a while our food comes and my order came with rice noodles due to waiter mix up which caused it to be sent back to the kitchen and remade, adding even more time. Normally I wouldn't really mind but I was SO hungry this morning haha which is why I didn't even bother to take pictures before eating. Although the presentation wasn't anything special either. Then again, taste is what really matters for me. Our waiter was apologetic and very kind about the mistake. My dish came with a side of soup as well and it was a little too sweet for my taste. It lacked depth that one would get from a bone broth, but perhaps it wasn't a bone broth to begin with in which case I would understand. However it tasted the same as the broth in my fiancé's duck noodle soup. He prefers the sweeter side of things so it didn't bother him. I know that depending on where in Vietnam you visit, they have different palates. These dishes remind me of the Hue region as a lot of their food is on the sweeter side. ‍ 
Lastly, the dry noodle entree itself was good but my dish was not hot, more like lukewarm which is disappointing. The sauce is savory and sweet as well and good on its own. However, when sipping on the side soup along with my dish, the two together are way too sweet and ruin the dish all together. 

All in all, I'd rate this place based solely on what we ordered, a 6.5/10 on taste and for the value of what you pay, at 5/10. My fiancé was so much more impressed than I so we'll probably give it another shot in the future and hopefully I can bump this place from a 3 star to a 5 star if the food and experience are better.

It's worth a shot b/c it's a cute spot for date night and if you're not a critic like me then you might enjoy it."
We went here on a whim a few months ago and it is to die for!! I ordered the lamb and it was so good. We will definitely be back soon.
"Found this restaurant on Uber Eats with as part oF their no delivery fee for local restaurants which is great BTW and DoorDash and Grubhub need to step up. But I digress, their menu looked good, pictures were appetizing and prices were reasonable. 

I am so glad we gAve it a chance! We had the General Tso's chicken, crab Rangoon and the Titanic Roll. 

Order arrived ahead of  promised time, packaged perfectly, hot and fresh! The Titanic Roll was crab, shrimp and creeks cheese deep fried with spicy mayo and eel sauce. Divine. Crab Rangoon was perfectly cooked and both dishes were still  crispy which is a feat as we all know  for carry out and delivery. My fiancé loved the General Tso's and it smelled heavenly. 
They followed all my notes in my order which is such a bonus. 

Another good place that  I will continue to support and you should too!"
Let's be clear, Sakura is certainly not Sakana on Broad. Having two restaurants with similar names in the marketplace can make things a tad confusing. It also explains why everything ordered was different than expected, and not necessarily in a good way. The spring rolls and egg rolls were fine, but my wife's fried chicken rice was extremely garlicky. I had the teriyaki chicken, and while the portion size was impressive, everything was extremely salty that came with the meal. The soup was highly unusual in flavor on top of the salt. Delivery was amazingly quick, but I do wonder if we would have had a different experience in restaurant. It feels a bit like they are trying to be someone else, and need to find their own place in the market, something to help them stand out. I am certain I will have to try them again to see if we just ordered poorly.
"Soooo...today was my first time eating there because the last time I went, I was recovering from wisdom tooth removal and didn't want their ""clear soup"". However TODAY, I was SUPER impressed. I ordered the combination of chicken and steak hibachi meal. WAYYYYYY MORE food than expected!!!!! I thought I was about to get some white rice, salad, soup, and the meat. But instead, I also received noodles(THEY ARE DELISH) a mixture of vegetables(mushroom,onion,zucchini,carrots,and broccoli). The portions were humongous and I only payed $12!!! I was able to feed my four year old, greedy 10 month, and me, and I still have a LOT Left over. I will provide the picture."
For a very secluded place the timely fashion of getting your food from the time you walk in the hospitality is awesome the food is outstanding and the prices are very affordable I will be back
Really delicious hibachi, sushi and tuna poke bowls! Best crab Rangoon we've ever eaten! So glad we found this little gem in Reynoldsburg!
We tried this place since we wanted sushi and it had pretty good ratings . Uber eats delivered it and we were not disappointed. The Val canoe roll and the Titanic roll ... and a couple of chicken egg rolls.  They were fresh delicious and looked amazing also .We will order again definitely.
"Amazing find in an area that has limited selection.

Great sashimi platter and very courteous service!"
I live nearby and saw that a new business opened up and received their menu so my family tried it and then got it again. Both times were good. The hibachi is very good and even better leftover! Only complaint is the to go containers ended up cracking due to it being too hot from the food. We had sushi both times and both times were good. I don't remember which one's I got the first time other than the Sakura house roll and I got it again the 2nd time. I also ordered 2 others and all three sushis were good. I highly recommend. Looks are recurving being in the blacklick plaza but it fits in with the great Mexican restaurant/stor, the diner and loving hut! Good food in the bkacklick plaza!
BEST MEAL EVER!  We visited on Christmas and WOW we are so happy we decided to come.  We shared crab rangoon (homemade sauce) and pan fried dumplings.  Then onto a filet mignon and shrimp hibachi platter.  I can not say enough about how perfectly everything was seasoned, and the textures were noticeable in each and every dish! We will be sharing this great news and returning soon!  If you're considering a visit, take my advice, GO!
ordered delivery, first order was sent to the wrong house but they redelivered my order within about half an hour. the food is amazing, i ordered crab rangoon, shumai, hibachi, and a california roll. the hibachi portion is HUGE and exceeded my expectations.
"Huge portions, excellent food all the way around, you ""for sure-a"" gotta go with Sakura!"
"I have ordered sushi several times from Sakura through this pandemic. They have really helped me curb my sushi cravings! Thank you! Please see below! 

Edamame - Fresh, not too salty. 
Sweet Heart Roll - This is my favorite roll! I love the seaweed inside. I could pass on the tempura flakes on the top. 
Green Dragon Roll - Pretty standard. Avocado and eel roll. 
Sakura House Rill - I really enjoyed this roll! All of the flavors came together well - shrimp tempura, avocado, spicy crap meat, tuna, eel sauce, and spicy mayo. 
Spicy Tuna Roll - Standard roll. 
Philadelphia Roll - Standard roll."
I enjoyed the hibachi and sushi.  It is reasonably priced and fairly fast.  They don't do the show type Hibachi but honestly the food is better than those places.  I've never seen marble pop even in Japan so that was cool.  We will be back.
This is my first time come here, I ordered hibachi chicken and steak, that is really good. Good food good price!
Pretty good experience! The place was quite and clean. I ordered Crab Rangoon, chicken hibachi and fried cheese cake. The food was tasty, fresh and server was friendly, value for food. Recommend you guys to try!
"I was a little hesitant at first with this restaurant. It's a little shopping center and looks like most restaurants. 
The staff is friendly and the food is amazing. Nothing too fancy on the menu but what you get is great. We got the Crab Rangoon, filet mignon hibachi and the Titanic roll.   
If I find myself in reynoldsburg, I will be back."
Good food, good services，nice environment. Fried noodles are very delicious.  Steamed edamame is also better than other stores
"This used to be our go-to place for Malaysican/Singaporean cuisine.  However, it appears that the chefs have changed and the quality of the food isn't as good as we remembered.  For example, the roti, which used to consist of many thin layers of yumminess, that is crispy on the outside and soft and tender inside, turned out to be a disappointment in recent visits.  Instead of many thin layers, the roti was a clump of thick dough, which was difficult to chew and not at all what it supposed to be.

Assorted Assam Seafood Hotpot, another one of our favorites, was less than expected.  Soup was still delicious, but there was hardly anything in it.  Not good value for the price.

Sambal Bunchies, which we always order, was also disappointing.  The green beans tasted overcooked. And instead of large prawns, smaller shrimps were used.  Hmm...

What is worth ordering is the KL crab - so good and flavorful!  And of course, the service is very good there."
"Compared to all the other locations this one is probably the least touched location in terms of decorations and atmosphere.

However being as large as it is, it has been great for throwing large dinner parties with a big group of people.

The more people you have the more food you can try and everything on this menu has been tasty and delicious."
"I have ate at a lot of the other Tropika locations, but this was my first time to the Cambie location. We ordered many dishes and everything was really good, much better than I remember from the other locations. I hear that the Cambie location is the original, and that is probably why.  

I've been to Malaysia a few times and I would say that the food was quite comparable to what I had there, although of course there is less selection than Malaysia."
"Tropika's food is not ""authentic"" (it has been ""Hongerized""), but the chain is one of my favourite.  There are very few dishes here that they can't pull off.  Cambie is actually my favourite location, even though Robson is quite nice too.  With that said, parking isn't the best here, but there is usually a spot or two just W of the restaurant.

All of their sauces/curries are pure crack.  Mmm..

Malay Roti - quite bubbly and fresh.  Sauce (some type of curry?) is awesome.

Rendang Lembu - beef was cut nicely into bite-sized chunks. More beautiful sauce.

Chili prawns - the prawns are all large.  Sauce is good, but there was a bit too much of it.

Pineapple fried rice.  Tasty, but volume is a bit small.  They hollow out half a pineapple (bisected lengthwise), but the hollow is not that deep.  So there isn't *that* much rice inside.  Cleaning out the pineapple with a spoon is awesome though.

It's just a *little* bit pricey, but the food is freaking good. Recommended."
"Good but not great, though I'm not a connoisseur of fine Malay and Thai foods, so take all I write with a smidge of shrimp paste. 

Roti/Malay Bread;
Par for roti.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=n_chagXA6Nz8NTGu9KpKEA#Q4_UFuLe8rzQw4e1s1bwzQ

Satays;
We tried all the meats and the beef was the clear winner, though I liked the lamb as well.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=n_chagXA6Nz8NTGu9KpKEA#WpicyCM8BB7_bchx4WVEHA

K.L. Crab;
Once you go through the pain of getting the crab meat out of the shell, the flesh was nice and tasty. However, the full table thought that the dried shrimp that sat atop the shell was virtually inedible unless you took one tiny shrimp per large bit of anything else. Those little guys were just waaay too salty, and yes I know they're supposed to be, but what a waste putting that much out. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=ETK9wLYX4vhcm3bPf7P9ow#n_chagXA6Nz8NTGu9KpKEA

Pineapple Rice;
I love me some pineapple rice but this was not my favorite rendition. I think there wasn't enough spice or anything to really contrast the sweetness. I did enjoy scooping out the fruit at the bottom for an early dessert.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=ETK9wLYX4vhcm3bPf7P9ow#d2K827UgtPwC0yCEB8eDhA

Fish;
I don't remember exactly which fish on the menu it was, but damn that was some good fish! It was crispy on the outside, tender and flakey in the middle, and packed with flavor. I highly recommend pointing at this picture and ordering whatever it was.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/tropika-on-cambie-vancouver-2?select=ETK9wLYX4vhcm3bPf7P9ow#fo5nqzfgk8J-aWK50I_2mA

Overall it was good. Not something I would go out of my way for but I wouldn't mind going back."
I always have a good experience at tropika either with my friends or family. My family used to celebrate Christmas eve here before going to midnight mass. I love the deep fried tofu, the fish, the curries, the vegies, the shrimp cakes, and the pastry bread they have.
"Your Southeast-Asian food utopia...

You can't go wrong coming here if you're looking for delicious Malay/Indo/Singaporean grub.  I don't think I've ever been disappointed with any dish that's left their kitchen.

Start with a Gado-gado salad.  It has their highly addictive peanut sauce and freshly fried tofu and potatoes.  I've yet to find a Gado-gado this tasty anywhere else, even in Indonesia.

Their satay skewers, although small are super flavorful, and somehow work with their canned pineapple pieces (which I normally despise) & their peanut sauce.

I'm a big fan of their curry beef brisket here.  It's Malay style, so it tastes more like a mildly spicy beef stew. My tip is always to pair it with their 'coconut rice' to maximize your flavor smorgasbord!

Their Singaporean fried rice noodles is always on point too... mildly dusted with curry, so you get a little heat.  
 
Roti is crispy, greasy but delicious here, and they give you ample curry sauce to dunk or douse it with.

I'd suggest coming here in groups of at least 4-6+, so you can just order more dishes and sample."
"it was also  my first time at this location.
i thought the service was meh.  we ordered quite a bit for 10 people and we had to double some of the dishes.  so while we were going down the menu to order, the waiter kept rolling his eyes at me, i totally did not know what his problem was. and when we were done ordering, he walked away shaking his head.  i dont know what i said or done wrong but isnt the customer always right? though i did not try to argue anything and just ordered off the menu.

the food was delicious! we ordered
- hainanese chicken
- roti
- beef and chicken skewers
- pad thai
- coconut fried rice
- pineapple  fried rice 
- mussels
- seasonal ""tong choi""
- hot and sour soup
- the beans and prawns
there was probably a few more dishes but i dont remember the names of it

the soup came first and the server, oh my goodness, he literally took 10mins to serve 9 bowls. my mom was soooo impatient with him we just told him to leave it and we'll take care of it ourselves.  i know he was probably a newbie but c'mon, how hard is it to scoop the soup in the bowls?

there was way to much food but we managed to just take the pad thai home because it was getting cold and nobody ate it.

overall, the food was delicious but the waiter that took the order ruined the experience.  i should of complained about him but it was my birthday and i didnt want to cause a scene so i left it at that."
"The wait staff is efficient, the restaurant appears clean, it's almost always busy and gets pretty loud at times. The food is delicious and the chicken satay is beautiful. I can't remember the names of most of the menu items, but that's OK. Tropika on Cambie's staff that will help you along so you can free up your table for the next diner waiting. 

I'll be back."
"The oldest location of the chain now, nicely located on Cambie Street, once you enter here, there is a nice little waiting area with a ton of polaroid shots attached to the wall of old patrons who have been here. Sure the colors from the photos are turning a bit yellow, but if you live in Vancouver, you may recognize some friends in the shots.

The place is roomy, with some nice big round tables, for parties of 10 plus. The menu is the same as the other Tropika's that you may have visited, which is always a good thing! The last time here, I ended up eating there fried chicken wings, spicy rice wraps, pineapple fried rice, and beef curry. 

The service was real good, as always when I come here. The food comes to the table piping hot, what you would expect from a restaurant of this quality. They also have fresh seafood at market price, and a good drink menu, which includes fresh cut coconut. 

The one advantage of this location, is the parking, as you can park along Cambie, a block down, just watch the sign of the times you are allowed to park. When your thinking of Malaysian food in Vancouver, this is one of those places that comes to mind."
I had a fantastic meal here! The Malay bread with dipping sauce was excellent. I tried a combination dinner with beef, chicken, and prawns. It was savory and well seasoned without overdoing the spices one bit. I had a fresh lime soda to wash it down and dessert was deep fried bananas and ice cream ...YUM!  Service was friendly, prompt, and attentive. I will be back!
"I came here so many times already.  Even though the restaurant always busy on weekend, the food and service still very good.

Satays - Beef and chicken are good, I love the peanuts sauce so much.
Malay Bread - The bread was ok.
Thai Prawn Cake - It's quite crunchy and tasty
Tahu Goreng Nyonya - Deep fried Tofu so smooth 
King Prawn Tung Yam Kung Soup - It's delicious and quite spicy. 
K. L. Crab - It's had a lot herbs and garlic stir fried crab.  It was very spicy but taste so good.
Thai Style Green Curry Chicken - The curry sauce was quite light, just ok.
Sambal Kang-Kong - Tung Choi - The vegetable was ok too."
"great quality / portion size.  I enjoy everything this place makes.  

Pad Thai is typical, yet a very tasty dish, best around I would say ( Thai house close )

Very good food, everyone who eats there seems to really enjoy it I find.

GO THERE!"
I really like this place and felt like it was the closest food I've had in North America to resemble Singaporean/Malaysian food. The Roti Canai was great and the sauce that came with it tasted really good. We ordered a noodle dish with seafood. Can't remember the exact name but it was good. We also ordered a drink: Chee Chee, which was coconut cream with pineapple and grenadine. It really was not that great. Avoid wasting money on that and try another appetizer instead. I would definitely go back to this place.
"Food is delicious. Service is above average. Parking is free (yay)

You must try:

1.Roti Canai ( Malay Bread )
2.Coconut Seafood Fried Rice
3.Pineapple Fried Rice with Ham and Chicken

Enjoy! :)"
Been to this location a few times as well as the Robson one. This one feels a bit more intimate. Anything I've ever had here has been very good. Service is prompt and food comes fairly quickly. I usually have sambal bunchies (green beans with prawns and tomato) and mixed satay with peanut sauce. The chcken green curry is good too and I always have this drink made with coconut cream and pineapple juice---SO good. I think the only thing I had here that I wasn't crazy about was the nasi goreng. I like taking out-of-towners here and anyone I have has really enjoyed it.
"Moderate price for good foods.
However, their pat tai is always not same. One day is very good and one day is very salty :(
Except that, it's good. 
Try seafood hot pot. its really good. 
Good for loud family too!"
My daughter likes their eggplant so I ordered that plus sweet and sour pork for my husband and I. Eggplant was good but the sweet and sour pork was not. I would describe it as how something would taste a day later, almost like it was an abandoned order that was reheated. The pineapples and vegetables were soft and the breading was very soggy. As I said, eggplant was good but maybe steer clear of the meat dishes?
This is a nice little place located on Cambie. We called in for dinner one evening. We got there about 5:30pm for an early dinner. There were barely anyone in there but around 6pm, there were quite a bit of people. The staff were really friendly and the place was clean. We ordered three dishes for two of us: spicy and sour soup, lamb curry and beef curry. We also ordered a small bowl of rice. The soup was quite delicious; the vinegar was very pronounced - I like it just like that. The bowl of soup is perhaps good for 3-4 people. Since it was a cold evening and we really wanted soup, we finished the entire bowl so by the time we were having our main dishes, we were half full. Both the curries were delicious - I loved the aroma of the lemongrass. The portions were very generous for $19 per bowl of curry. We ordered a small bowl of soup for about $11. We thought we had ordered too much food and we actually did. We took the rest home and had it for lunch and dinner the following day; so $60 for 3 meals for two sounded pretty good to us!
"Initially I was recommended to Tropika's Laksa so I headed on over there for dinner. But low & behold, they stop serving laksa after lunchtime, so keep that in mind ! 

Nevertheless, my friend and I decided to order the pineapple fried rice (served in half of a pineapple) and the daun pisang rendang fish. The fish dish was very flavourful but also super oily and salty. After the first few bites, the oiliness becomes quite off putting, so I recommend sharing it with 1-2 other people ! The Pineapple fried rice was a bit underwhelming and the pineapple fruit was still hard and sour."
"Food was 4 stars. Service, first 4 stars and later it turned 3 stars. 

All of sudden, it turned chilly day here. Yes, it's time for Laksa!  They have two types laksa : Singaporean or Curry. Also you can choose noodle type. Today's my order Singaporean with egg yellow noodle. For dessert, warm Bubur Cha Cha. 

I was bit surprised they have real seafood on top not like fish cake even the price was reasonable. Mussels, prawns and squids were big enough. Prawns were lack of flavor but squids were prepared very well. Coconut milk/broth ratio was just right. I'm very satisfied. 

About dessert, I don't know if the warm Bubur Cha Cha is not common but our server came back to our table to confirm and even we finished noodle, we had waited about 10 min to receive it. So I checked if they forgot our order. 

Anyway the dessert was so gentle and delicious. Sweetness and texture were perfect.

I will be back here again."
"One-line review: Mostly average, but better if you stick with the curries.

We had roti on the brain and went in search of a nearby restaurant, only to discover that it was closed during the day. We ended up at Tropika for the sake of convenience and well, roti.

We had:

Indonesian fried rice, which was one of the specials of the day. It was... alright but not special in any way. I violated one of my sacrosanct rules of eating out: NEVER order fried rice. The chicken satay skewers that came with the plate were decent; they came with a chili peanut sauce -- not really spicy, but tasty.

Lamb curry with Malay bread. This was a very plain option -- just curry and bread -- but it was the star of the table. The curry (which we ordered spicy) was mild to our taste -- and that's not a compliment. Nevertheless, it was hearty and flavourful, and we were glad to have ordered it.

The Mango salad, also a special. This was HORRID -- sicky sweet and drowning in some kind of dressing/sauce, this dish of thinly sliced mangos over a fairly standard diner iceberg lettuce/tomato/cucumber salad was virtually inedible. My wife stopped eating after the first couple of bites; I stuck with it and nearly finished it, just because I couldn't bear to leave a $12 plate mostly untouched. But in retrospect, I should have complained and tried to send it back. DO NOT ORDER. You've been warned.

I might give this place 4 stars if we had simply ordered two curry dishes (maybe one with rice, the other with bread) and left it at that. But given the quality of the other food, I'll rate it average.

Our server was not helpful; I asked a question (about what he'd recommend) and he basically didn't answer it. They did keep our water filled. Parking was free on the street, though I think there were meters around as well.

Bottom line: I'd come back here and stick strictly to the curry lunches. But even at that, I'm not anxious to get back here anytime soon."
"Came here on the weekend during lunch hours and tried their lunch specials. The prices are pretty reasonable during lunch so I can't speak to the main menu. 

Overall I thought the restaurant was a bit dead. The service was underwhelming and the decor seemed outdated. I overheard the table next to us asking questions about the menu and it seemed the sever was struggling to explain the dish to them or make alternative suggestions. I felt they were pretty generous with their seafood (got a good amount of shrimp in mine) but the flavour didn't have the punch I expect in Malaysian cuisine. Overall this place left a neutral feeling of ok food, ok prices, and ok service. Nothing stood out but also no real complaints. I might suggest this place for big groups if you're in the area but not really worth the commute otherwise."
If you love curry, you definitely need to try this restaurant. We tried their curry crab and beef, both very good, just like it used to be. Pineapple rice is kids' favorite, for me curry with rice is already good enough. They have a another restaurant in Richmond, but I like to go to Cambie one better. Next time need to try the spicy crab
"This is our family's favorite Malaysian restaurant. When we come, we always have to have the Pomfret with fried shrimp, Bak Kut Teh, Roti Canai, Curry Kambing, Satay Skewers. Once in a while we try something different just to see if we'll like it.  So far, we have not had any dish that we didn't like.

I wish they would bring back their branch at Richmond."
"This time I was with other Asian coworkers and let them order what they reccomend. 

I forgot the dish name but I really liked fried beans and prawns. They use tons of dried tiny shrimp in the sauce and it turned very delicious seafood umami in it. I could eat with only the sauce and steamed rice. 

The peanuts sauce with satay tasted very cinnamon. Somehow as I enjoy to discover which restaurant's peanuts sauce is the best,  this cinnamon taste was new surprising. And yes I love it. I use for anything even with roti too."
Great Malaysian and Singaporean restaurant.  Foods are quite authentic and delicious!  Portion is big so price is a bit on the high side.  Will definitely go back and try the other dishes.
Good atmosphere, good place to take out of town guests, coconut rice is good, Hananese chicken bone in not so good, rest of food is so so, nice place to eat and chat BC it is clean and nice decor, but the food portion is very small so not worth the money.  Not Chet quality of cooking.  Still a nice place to go for a sit down chat.
Food is ok. Service was good. Nothing too special.
On my hunt for vegan laksa, I tried Tropika and asked if they could prefer a vegan version of their curry laksa. They agreed after I peppered them with questions regarding what would be in it. The food came out in less than 5 minutes and was a huge bowl -- delicious noodles, with lots of different veggies, and tofu, with a tremendously spicy broth. This restaurant is generally on the more expensive side, but their laksa is well-priced at $11.50 plus tax. Service wasn't particularly friendly, but I appreciate the effort they made to alter the laksa to my standards. Recommended for vegans if you don't mind asking a dozen questions to customize your order. Delicious food.
"It has literally been years since the last time we dined at Tropika. Many years ago, this was one of the first Malaysian restaurants that we tried and we fell in love with the spices associated with SE Asian cooking such as Malaysian and Thai cuisine.

First up was some drinks to accompany our order of Roti Canai. Tropika makes a nice version of this with light and crispy yet chewy layers served with a curry dipping sauce.

The Fish Cakes that we ordered were tender and plump while the Pad Thai that we ordered turned out to be a spicier version than we're usually accustomed to.

We rounded out our meal with an assortment of Chicken, Beef, and Pork Skewers accompanied by a thick peanut dipping sauce.

We returned for a revisit 3 months later (before the coronapocaplyse shut down all dine-in options) and ordered a bunch of stuff... including Roti, Chicken and Beef Skewers, Pan-Fried Hokkien Mee ($17.95), and Pan-Fried Pomfret with Sweet and Sour Sauce ($20.95).

Skewers and roti here are always good and I like how meaty the beef skewers are. They expertly de-bone the fried pomfret at the table in front of you and that's always a fun thing to watch.

Fairly solid SE Asian eats at this long-standing establishment."
"Came by in a group of 11 for dinner on a Saturday night.  We do frequent another Malaysian establishment (BL) and it had been a while since I was last in Tropika.  The room is quite open and good for accommodating groups.  

We ordered several dishes which were hit and miss.  The highlights of the meal were the Roti Canai, the Chicken Satay and the Homestyle Chicken...the Lemon Chicken was not great (overly breaded which became soggy with the sauce) and the Sambal Kang Kong (one of my fav dishes) was overly cooked and it lost its flavour and colour.

The service was good and we were happy to find free street parking a block away...that is always good.

Gave it three stars as they accommodated our large group, the service was good and a few of the dishes were enjoyed by all."
"Salty
Expensive
Small portions
Found cold meat in hot curry sauce, so the meat must have been premade or left overs!
Will I return? Not for awhile."
"Tropika has been around for a long time if i remember correctly. They used to have many locations, but I think they closed some of them over the years.

Tropika has been one of my favourites, their dishes are flavourful and good place for families.

I always order their chicken satay, prawn cakes, pompano fish, pine apple fried rice and pork chops. I think those are my go to dishes.

Their roti is also not bad, but personally not my taste.

The restaurant used to get very busy and loud before covid-19. Service is very typical Asian restaurant, ie you have to flag down servers to get things. But food comes out fairly quickly and servers responds very promptly.

I hope they don't close more locations as it'll be a shame to lose this restaurant from this city's dining scene."
I was hoping to contact Tropika on Cambie in writing, but there is only a phone contact.  I have been eating at Tropika on Cambie for 10 years.  I have taken many family and friends to this restaurant as it is nearby my home.  I almost always order the Pad Thai.  I took 2 friends with me 2 weeks ago, and talked them into ordering the same.  When the meals arrived, the chicken was dark meat, not white, and in large curly chunks.  The chicken tasted and looked bad.  I asked the waiter why the dark meat and when it changed, and I was told a week prior.  We asked for an extra plate, and we all put our chicken on it and took it home to our dogs and cats.  I am very disappointed that I will have to go elsewhere for my Pad Thai; as it went from my MOST favourite in Vancouver, to my LEAST favourite.  I wish I could write to Tropika as a valued customer.
Tropika has always been good. Although I do miss the Aberdeen mall location.  This place is always busy. And service is not always good. But the food is so delicious. I love the satays. Beef is the best between chicken and pork. The hainese chicken is good but some may not like cold chicken. And there isn't much meat. But dippig it in the ginger and chili sauce makes it worth it. The green curry chicken is spicy so if you don't like spicy be cautious. And I love there rice. Coconut rice is so good.
"(In the interest of full transparency, this review is based on a delivered order via SkipTheDishes.)

I am a bit surprised by all the negative reviews here. I found the Hainanese Chicken quite flavourful and delicious (boosted by the rice), and the warm Pulut Hitam dessert quite impressively lovely (especially considering the aforementioned delivery).

I am very keen to visit the restaurant in person, and I'm hoping that I'll still have positive things to say later."
"the Festival takes place on the best of the longer weekend in spring time in a relaxed atmosphere awashed by the great nature scenery that is of the superbly manicured Franklin Conservatory Park. The people are gentle, friendly, not drunk like people in other festivals in town, there are also a lot of Caucasian visitors coming from Europe, England, France, Germany, Spain, Israel, Russia, Alaska and elswhere...they are probably here in town visiting their family and friends but made good choice to attend; so the Festival had gone global in a sense and not just confine to one or two countries but at least 50+ countries involved.. I lost count.
The food is ofcourse excellent nothing can be compared, I've been  ripped off at the ribs-fest(rip-fest) with their boiled ribs and dogs covered with thick gooey sauce before and never again, I'd prefer getting ripped off by the variety of tasteful asian food any time of the days, weeks and years :); the entry is free(not charging you $10-$15 like other festivals)so you can afford to bring family and friends, the food very cheap and the park is so huge with multi spots with activities for you and your pet to to freely roam and play, it'll be a great Memorable weekend and always had been."
"First time attending.. It was a fun event.The food was delicious. There was a Healthy Gourmet Vegetable spot that had Bamboo rice that was to die for. Lots of vegan/vegetarian noodles, pad thai, lo mein! If you are vegan you want to ask if they put animal products in because some vegetarian looking dishes had ground beef/chicken that you can't see. The bubble tea was made with non-diary creamer so that was good. 

I only watched the evening performances and the finale by the Punjab people was such an amazing close to the eventful weekend. Can't wait to go next year! 

Some negatives: some people think it is cool to smoke in a family friendly event.... NO! Also, unfortunately there were some youngster disturbing the peace by starting  fights. But that's okay, the police handled it with finesse."
"A celebration of all things Asian takes place over Memorial Day weekend on the beautiful grounds of the Franklin Park Conservatory . More than 15 different countries and cultures are represented, including Bengalis, Burmese, Cambodian, Chinese, Indian, Indonesian, Japanese, Korean, Lao, Malays, Singaporean, Pakistan, Filipino, Thais and Vietnamese. 

The Marketplace is a little underwhelming with vendors selling chatzkes that you can find at any Pier One Imports or bargain store, though some stalls do offer original services or information about different Asian groups and organizations.  

The entertainment schedule is impressive. It's loaded with dancers, actors, singers, drummers, choruses and martial arts groups performing on a few different stages and an outdoor amphiteater throughout the day and evening.  I was mesmerized by the costumes and really enjoyed seeing traditional dances from Cambodia, Burma and Japan, and particularly enjoyed the Bhuddist chanting.    

The ""food court"" area offers the whole gamut of Asian food- which, in and of itself, makes attending the festival totally worth while!  Local Asian resturants set up stalls and serve up some of their best sellers. Tables are strewn around the stages & park, but most folks just plop down in the grass and enjoy their food picnic style.

Across the board, I enjoyed the Asian Festival but was partially annoyed with the effort it took to get there in terms of parking and shuttling.  Other than that, it was worth the effort.  Especially since it is a free festival and family-friendly.  It's a great experience to be exposed to other, perhaps unfamiliar cultures. 

I will definitely go again, but with slightly different expectations."
"Anything that celebrates culture and diversity is a plus in my book - just wish everyone could be on board with culture and diversity.

We've been to the Asian festival every year for the past few years - this year we brought the little guy with us - our five month old was FASCINATED by everything he saw  (Probably would have been fascinated without the festival, but hey...  who knows?) and we all had a good time.  Enjoyed some Filipino food and Indonesian sports and some wooden board breaking.  :-)  It's well organized, just wish the lines for food weren't so long, but hey, which festival doesn't have long food lines?"
"This was our first time visiting the Asian Festival, and overall it was OK.

The website was hard to navigate, but eventually you could find some useful information (especially about parking).  They had several lots available to park in at no charge with shuttles to take you to and from the festival.  There was a bit of a wait for the shuttle on the return, though, but not too bad.

The festival overall had a somewhat haphazard, disorganized ambiance. There was a pretty large outdoor area with assorted vendors including some very non-Asian vendors (State Farm) and marginally Asian (Acura, Honda).  I thought there would be more cute Asian merchandise, crafts, etc. to buy, but there didn't seem to be much in this regard (unless we missed it).  They had a lot of booths with kid-oriented things, and inside there were some cultural displays and a small stage for cultural performances.  

There was a very large outdoor food court of sorts with a whole variety of food and beverages.  We tried two of the egg rolls from a specialty egg roll company (I forget the name).  They were $5 each and mostly stuffed with cabbage rather than meat.  Not terrible but not worth $5.  The Vietnamese iced coffee from a different vendor was also pretty good, but very overpriced for $5 as well for about a Starbucks grande size.

They had a large outdoor stage with continuous performances, but it was just too hot and humid to sit and watch them.  

Overall not a bad experience but far from amazing; maybe they could plan it about a month earlier, though, before the weather gets so hot and humid."
What a fun time! Lots of different foods, desserts and drinks. Plenty of activities going on, shows, live performances, and little shops. Thank God there's plenty of shade available, because it gets hot standing in a line of 30 people waiting to order food. I only gave it 4 stars because parking is a complete joke (just try to get there earlier and pay $5 to park in a lot. It's not worth it driving around for 30 minutes looking for a spot. You're not in the safest area, either.) AND because they need to space everything out. There was thousands of people here, and it's just cramped. I don't mind waiting in line, but 20 to 30 minutes for food is crappy when 1.) it's hot and the sun is beating on you (no shade by food carts) and 2.) since every single food line is 30 people deep, lines start intertwining and people start getting confused. A few times, you could barely move because there's so many people in the food area. All in all, this is a fun place, though. The people are friendly and the food was delicious.   Definitely try the coconut sticky rice, halo-halo, stuffed chicken wings, bubble tea, sesame rolls with munk fish and the red chicken.
"I have been involved the Asian Festival for 20 years and we get larger every year.
We are expecting a fantastic festival this year. Please come and visit the Asian Festival at Franklin Park on May 23 and 24, 2015. We have FREE entertainment, including martial arts, cultural performances and much more. You can experience Asian Culture in Columbus and sample delicious Asian Food. C you there."
"First thing is parking. It is always bad and very unorganized near the festival plus always taken up so most likely you'll be walking a little from your car and even more when you get to the festival but I'm usually getting dropped off anyways lol Kids are always welcome but make sure you have a close eye on them or they'll be gone in the crowd and be careful of the annoying preteens that horse play. : / I usually come on Saturday during early morning or late day since more stuff happens but I suggest going on Sunday if you wanna be around less people/crowd. FOOD! Big portions for cheap. I usually only get rice since I was a vegetarian at the time but I love the bubble tea and this cool tropical fruity drink lol B) There are lots of performances; like martial arts and dancing mainly. They also usually have facts and info on each Asian country in random areas; I also love when they have all the Asian countries come together and walk around the festival. They also have booths where you can buy things from different Asian countries. Some booths can be pricey so make sure you look at most booths before deciding on what to get in case it's cheaper somewhere else. A henna tattoo is also always a must!

It's always nice to have blanket/chair for the grass, bring groups of friends/family makes it more fun and some water/snacks if you don't wanna buy food."
"The sprawling expanse of vendors selling food on a stick and various kinds of fried things and noodles reminds me of an episode of Bizarre Foods. This is the kind of event Andrew Zimmern seeks out. 

One tip: don't pay for parking. We almost did but then found we could park at Wolfe Parke (http://foursquare.com/venue/1552709) for free and take the shuttle over to Franklin Park, also free. At the place where we would've paid to park, we would have walked a lot farther than we did to the free shuttle bus. So don't get trapped in the parking scam. 

There was food from every country you can think of on the Asian continent. I tried some delicious pork on a stick at the Phillipines booth. I went back to find out what it was called and get another and found it was simply barbecue pork. But it didn't taste like any barbecue sauce I've had. It was sweet and savory at the same time. The pork was tender and just the right balance of fat and meat. It was cooked over a fire and had that nice smokey taste. It was delicious. 

I went to a Chinese booth and tried bamboo rice and pan fried bun. The rice was sticky and mushy, almost gelatinous and sweet. It was wrapped in a leaf and tied with a string. There was meat and mushrooms in the center of the rice. It was a little bland. The pork bun was like an egg roll in a doughy sticky bun. Not bad. 

The Lao booth was bad. All the meat was dry, tough and cold. The beef jerky was as chewy as leather. My teeth could hardly handle it. 

Green tea lemonade at the Tea Zone (I think it was called) was delicious. They have a tea shop on Bethel near Microcenter. I may check them out and review them someday. 

The best part was the fried bananas. It was at a booth up near the Tea Zone, I'm not sure what country it was. The banana turns yellow and mushy, like pie filling. It's inside a sweet breading, crunchy on some edges. It's like a fried banana pie. It's awesome and one of the cheapest things at the festival. Three for two dollars. There was also fried taro but it tasted like a dried up turnip. 

Most of all, we went to the festival for the food. I love fairs and festivals. I don't usually go to the entertainment at these things but I thought my little boy might want to check it out. I heard some pretty, new age sounding music at one point and what sounded like Native American (but couldn't have been) chanting and drums before that. The music was quite pleasant. When we finally went to the amphitheater, there were Indian dancers on stage. Their music is usually very irritating but with the bass on the big speakers, it wasn't half bad. My son liked it. Most of the crowd was up dancing and he got up with them and did his own thing. I caught a cute video of it. (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5d5oVwRe34) 

So, all in all it was a fun day out. It was tolerable even in the almost 90 degree heat. There were lots of vendors selling trinkets and jewelry. Some of them very nice. Most of it was standard fair/festival junk. 

One major complaint I did have was finding anything. There weren't maps around, and the program I happened to accidentally find had a very confusing map in it. When I finally found a sign, the arrow looked like it'd been placed by a one eyed drunken dislexic guy who didn't know where anything was. The arrow pointed in an odd direction. We went there for one thing, and we were parched and needed drink badly. We walked around that place for the better part of an hour and never saw a single food or drink booth. We went around in circles before we finally found the food court. A little more careful planning and better marking would make it a better experience. 

I would also add that Franklin Park, not pretty. It's made out to be a beautiful botannical garden. It's just rolling hills of grass and cement walkways. Not impressed. 

+great food
+lots of junk to waste money on
+wide variety of cuisine to try
+music is cool if you're drunk or stoned
-parking is like going down a crowded city street where three ballgames and two concerts are happening at once. Thank god for the shuttle bus. 
-poor planning and layout and no real guidance to find anything
-lots of walking, crowded, hot out."
We have been going to this festival for a few years and we just love it. It's literally the best fest in Columbus...with all the cultural dancing and exhibits- the whole show was so colorful..now in to the food - omg delicious food...there is a Vietnamese food stall that sells the best coffee in town..I waited in line twice in one day and their sandwiches were really good too...this year they had PHO- it was too hot to have it Saturday but I had a change of heart on Sunday and it was delicious..also the Filipino food stalk was good too their sausage links were to die for ...and of course you can't go walk around Asian festival without taro bubble tea
"A bit disappointing to be honest. I was looking forward to going to the Asian festival , but really nothing was really good -- the shops were okay, not to my taste anyway, and the food was pretty ordinary. Basically, most of the food tents had some version of bbq chicken on skewers and some noodle dishes, etc. I was initially excited that they had coconut water and sugarcane juice, but both were big disappointments. The sugarcane was artificially sweetened and tasted like it had gone bad, and the coconut water was not sweet at all. 

The saving grace was that some of the cultural events (music and dance) were performed by kids, and that was nice to watch."
"Where else can you see dancing, singing, and other forms of traditional Asian entertainment all day? That was the best part, and a reason to go. However, the food was kind of disappointing and of American-Asian-buffet quality. Lots of typical items like lo mein and fried stuff on sticks. Food lines were long, and being it was a hot day, not exactly fun. 

The bathroom situation didn't really meet the demands of the crowd either. Porta potty between eating shrimp skewers...eh..sinks are nice sometimes. Actually, sinks are great all of the time. I believe there is a bathroom located in the adventure stage building but the line was so long I never saw it. 

Overall:

Pros:
- entertainment 
- cheap Asian trinkets like stickers of fat cuddly panda bears expressing various emotions
- option to sit under trees and eat fried things in the shade

Cons:
- crowded as F
- not enough bathrooms
- nothing too exciting food-wise
- parking could be a challenge

Would I go to this again? Yes, I think I would, because despite it all, it was a unique cultural experience and not something you can see everyday. However, I probably would wait til late afternoon on the last day to avoid some of the crowd, but still have time to catch some of the celebration."
This is one of the better festivals I have been to and here is why: the awesome location! It was great that we could grab some food then head over to a little hillside and sit under the shade of the trees to enjoy our food without sweating to death under the hot sun. It was also great that they had so many talented performers showcasing their culture through dance and martial arts. The food at festivals is always pricey, and of course crowds of people to meander through, but It was a peaceful enjoyable time with friends nonetheless.
There are a lot of really cool things to look at and buy, the cultural dances and martial arts are cool, but what I was going for was the food.  I have to say that next time I visit I will go for a less conventional line and style of food.  I chose pad thai which was sweet and not hot and just not that good, but the Phillapino trucks food that had no line at all looked very interesting so I think I need to step outside the box next time and try something not so chines take-out style.
"The annual Asian Festival is quite sizable and offers a variety of activities, performances, and, of course, plenty of good eats! Located in beautiful Franklin Park, it is enjoyable to stroll through the area and checking everything out. The event is always popular and draws quite the crowd. 

Performances occur on several different stages and includes dancing, martial arts, singing and more. There are also displays that highlight the various Asian countries, which is a nice touch, since ""Asia"" is a big area to all be all put together in one festival like this.

Parking is offered in a number of lots around the surrounding area, with free shuttles from several of them - check their website for details."
"Holy moly, what fantastic weather for this Fest. This was my first time at AF. So many things going for it! First off, I enjoyed this afternoon way more having this festival being held at Franklin Park (as opposed to Goodale Park). Lots more space to spread out. Tons more shade - with the cool breeze going and bright blue sky, couldn't have asked for better weather. 

A friend and I headed straight for the food vendors first. After taking stalk of all the offerings, I decided on a Philippine dish of Lechon Kawali: Fried Pork and noodles. I wish to the 'inth degree this vender had a restaurant, or even a food truck at least. The cooked pork belly was pure perfection. Cooked to a slightly crisp outside; soft and chewy meat. 100% scrumptious flavor!!

The noodle side dish (that came with the combo) was also great. Not overly seasoned. A perfect ying to yang. I was dying to try a few more dishes from other venders but I was quite full, and time wouldn't permit that plan. 

I definitely will be back next year!!"
"Apparently shots rang out across the street from the festival earlier tonight, prompting it to shut down early. That's too bad, because by the time I'd arrived, all the performances had ceased and everyone was packing up for the night. I was able to get the last of much of the food for cheaper, though! So the chicken adobo, lumpia, and Thai bubble tea I got were all discounted--and delicious at that. Also, Pinoy/Pinay represent!

Now, as I entered the park despite not knowing why people were streaming *out* of the festival, I noticed several people scurrying out of the way of what apparently was a fight that had broken out between two young people, one of Asian descent and the other of African descent. The former was yelling racial epithets at the latter and getting his face socked in as a result. :-( And the Asian kid had a friend with blood streaming from his nose--I mean, really? Of course, then, such violent images have affected my view of the festival somewhat, although if I weren't too busy for the festival's second day then I'd consider going again, but patrons of the event really need to mind themselves, be they of the ""host culture"" or not."
"My first time attending a major festival here in Columbus, and it was one of apprehension, excitement and amusement.

I didn't know what to really expect from the Asian Festival. Funny enough, when I first heard the name being tossed around, I was irked by it. I was born and raised in California, and had lived in Asia for some time. I'm not sure if a clumping of Asian cultures into one festival would be as well received in those areas! It encompasses over half the world's population so I struggle to see how one  festival can truly reflect that diversity and history.

Nonetheless, having been a festival lasting 20 years that aims to showcase the rich diverse cultures of Asian civilizations, I wondered if its intent has shifted at all since its conception. Overall as a festival, it gets the job done. There are plenty of cultural performances, a space where you can learn about immigration patterns of Asian Americans into Columbus (and this I loved!), as well as plenty of food!

It may be my programming senses tingling from my background working with students on college campuses, but the festival itself seems to play on simply food and cultural dance to represent the ethnic diversity among Asians. I did however appreciate the fact that there was a good mix of food, with some being better than others... ie the Indonesian Rendang was not bad, but how did the Okinawa booth not serve Okinawan cuisine? I digress.

I'd like to see this festival expand and change up its programming a bit. Aside from simply presenting itself as an introduction to Asian cultures, perhaps detail more of current struggles of Asian Americans or invite community organizations around Columbus and the Midwest that work with these populations to come and educate the community.

Asian culture is more than just food and dance, and I would love to see new steps be  taken to strengthen and grow Columbus as a whole.

It's a family fun event, but let's take it a little bit further next year."
"I really enjoy the Asian Festival. (Though I miss the days when I could just walk a block from where I lived to get there . . . ). There are booths representing many Asian countries and they're happy to tell you about where they're from--we learned this past time about a Filipino board game when we popped into the tent for the Philippines. I kind of wish we had a place where people just gathered to play board games outside and sip coffee. Is there such a place in Columbus? Please send me a message if you know of such a place.

One of the biggest draws is obviously the food. THE FOOD. IT IS SO GOOD. I had halo-halo for the first time, a Filipino dessert with shaved ice, evaporated milk, and various sweet bits like candied purple yams, jellies, and flan. The same booth also had adobo chicken, ribs, and other meats that smelled off. the. chain. (Or that could have been the Yakitori place right next to it that smelled so good. Or both. Everything smelled great.)

The website always has a long list of performances and events going on. You can see dancers and demonstrations. Lots of vendors, too, though I was occasionally confused to see tents being run by white dudes (one booth was being run by white dudes + they were selling shirts with ripped-off artwork that I've seen elsewhere; once we realized those things, they lost a sale). I'd rather only support Asian-run businesses at the Asian Fest."
"This is a great (and free!!!) event that showcases the art, food, dances, and culture of nations from East, Central, and Southeast Asia.  Musicians, performers, and martial artists from around the area (and even around the world) come to perform on the variety of stages over the course of a weekend.  Because they are all happening simultaneously, though, it's really a good idea to come both days.  After all, both admission and parking are free!  

Aside from some fantastic performances, the festival also has a variety of vendors selling typical Asian trinkets, paintings, personalized calligraphy, toys, and even reflexology/ear cleaning/mystic readings.  There's also a big health fair, though that's geared more towards offering a service to Asians in the community.  I would have felt a little uncomfortable trying to use those services as a white lady.

One hall also has a a table for the different cultures represented, typically showing off some of the handicrafts, instruments, clothes, and\or travel brochures of the nation.  

Finally, there is an extensive food court.  Sure, you can get the typical fair food (bourbon chicken), but there are so many cool things to choose!  This last year, my favorite was the stand run by local Filipino ladies serving up the most delicious menudo and adobo I've ever had!  And that coconut-honey thing... mmm!!  

The best thing though is definitely the performances.  Some are a bit amateurish to be sure, but there are also some world-class dancers, singers, and musicians.  One of the highlights is the Bhangra dancers, Nachda Punjab, who encourage audience participation (and give away CDs to the best dancers.  You can also get your pictures taken with them).   Other favorite performances from this year were Indian dancer Ami Majmudar, Japanese guitarist Shohei Toyoda, and the Filipino Fiesta dancers.  

Now, I do have a few complaints.  One is that there is a stage that is in the same hall as the health fair and the cultural exhibits.  Although I appreciate that this hall is the only one out of the sun and in the air conditioning (very important considering how sun burnt I got sitting outside in the amphitheater!), it can also be difficult to hear the performers when there are wailing children echoing across the walls or bashing away on the musical instruments displayed.  It's not a huge problem to be sure, but it is a little distracting.

The other issue I had occurred on the last day of the festival when the events got off schedule.  A performer might run late or not show, so everything would be screwed up.  Perfectly understandable, but I ended up missing a few performances because I was trying to run back and forth from stage to stage and didn't realize that the line-up had been changed.  

Overall, though, I had a fantastic time both days I went, and have every intention of going again the coming year!  Hope the Bhangra dancers are back.  They are ridiculously fun."
"I wasn't really sure what to expect from Ohio's Asian Festival, having grown up in central California and attending the Pacific Rim Festival there.

I looked up the parking situation before heading over, and the boy and I ended up parking at Wolfe Park, which if you can find a spot, is great.  However, Ohioans really need to learn how to park in order to best utilize the space.  The lines in the lot are so faded that people park haphazardly and with huge six foot gaps between their cars; the cop languidly hanging out in his car made no effort to help direct traffic or encourage appropriate parking habits.  

Once in the park, there weren't any signs or maps directing us.  Fortunately it was a nice day so wandering around until we found the tents and stages wasn't too much of a problem.  There were musical performances and dances and martial art demonstrations happening throughout all throughout the day -- a schedule was posted near one of the stages.  Some folks had what looked like festival booklets with lists of vendors and events, but we never found where those were being distributed.  

The Marketplace did have some cool things like bonsai trees, houseplants, artwork, and traditional clothing, although Shawnie is right when she mentions the random knick-knacks and souvenir-type items (although to give them credit, I bet they are made in China -- and yes, many stores in Chinatowns in cities like NYC and San Francisco peddle similar things).  

There was an indoor area where each country had a table to showcase some of their history, contributions, and other notable things.  It was pretty crowded in there, and the poorly compressed music from the indoor stage caused us to leave quickly.

The food court was fun, although pricy ($10 for cold noodles, $5 for boba).  I was a little surprised that there wasn't much in the way of Cantonese food, dimsum, baked baos; however, there was a wide array of other countries which I suppose makes sense for Columbus.  There were a number of stands with barbecues and grilled meats were a top seller.  I was a little concerned about the safety of some of the foods though, since everything was either held in trays over lit (or unlit) chafing dishes, and the cold items may or may not have been held over ice or in insulated bins.  There were also a couple of stands where the workers could not have looked less thrilled to be there (although they were probably teenage kids of the family).

As expected, there were quite a lot of people from diverse Asian backgrounds present as well as the ubiquitous white Ohioans, I was pleasantly surprised to see a large number of Hispanic, African-American, and other non-white families in attendance.  Overall, the attendees seemed to reflect a much more balanced and accurate picture of the American population.  Still, it does make you wonder a little, would a European Festival be as popular and well-attended?  An African Festival?  A South American Festival?  An Australian Festival?  What is it about Asia that makes it seemly acceptable to lump all those countries together, organize a festival, and call it a cultural experience?  And, having been to it, do people now feel like they have  a better understanding and empathy with the people of South Korea, China, Japan, Vietnam, India, etc., or does it only serve to increase the ""exoticness"" of foreign cultures?"
"I love going to the Asian festival.... you can shop, get henna, eat, and watch a show(s).  I agree with other Yelpers in the fact that security could be a little beefier.  There are several younger people who are interesting in causing a scene, and get into fights... which often ruins it for other people.
I am glad that they still have it, and that I can go and have great food, and a great time."
"This review is a how-to, where-to for anyone who hasn't been to the Asian Festival or who isn't sure what they might like here.

1. Parking. Skip the slow & painful process of finding parking on-site and head down Woodland or Auburn, both about a block away. There is also plenty of parking a block north, along Long. (No, I'm not telling you about my secret spot.)

2. Bring the kids! It's family-friendly, with lots of demonstrations, room to move and play, and the TMNT were walking around and taking photographs today.

3. Best time to come is Sunday lunch-time. Or anytime, really. Even if it is hot, there is plenty of shade. The food lines are shorter on Sunday - necessary if you are unsure of what you really want, you can walk close to the booths and check the various menus/lists/random pieces of paper with the food offerings.

4. FOOD OMG. You are missing out if you do not get the stuffed chicken wings and papaya salad from the Siem Reap booth! SERIOUSLY. We also had a red curry noodle soup at a booth that was awesome (which was not on the posted menu, but there was a small sign. Glad we saw it.) Most of the food on offer is mild, not spicy. Also, skip the shaved ice and go for the HALO-HALO. Only the booth on the northeast corner has it. 

5. There are lots of demonstrations and shows/programming for martial arts, dancing, henna/body art, painting, etc. Each Asian country has a display with history, anthropology, culture, art as well as information about the local community in Columbus. Interesting given the sheer number of countries represented.

6. Possibly the only marketplace where you can buy cheap Asian goods and be supporting the local community. (Kidding. Kind of.)

7. Enjoy the park and conservatory grounds. Even when the fest is crowded and busy, there is room to spread out and relax.

Some of the best free fun to start the summer."
"Spring is coming and so are the Ohio spring festivals. Whenever the Simpson's starts with the family going to some sort of wacky festival I always know the context of the episode is Springfield, Ohio.
We are in the land of festivals and I love it.
I also generally love the Asian Festival. You kind of have to dig to find an authentic asian experience within the park. The food is a selection of asian bistro restaurants in town so it's a nice way to sample local spots, but don't expect to find traditional cold chinese dishes, or thai street dishes like roti, ice coffee, or som tom.
The story is the same with the merchants although i did score a beautiful moss green silk spun scarf from a Thai woman that let me bargain with here in thai, though my skills are quite rusty.
The highlight for me was actually inside in the museum. I spent about an hour looking at the art collections and at the information table chatting with OSU students representing their countries. I got alot of good advice about traveling since the southeast is my favorite spot on the planet.
If you haven't been to this festival go early, try to park close since you will be tired from walking the grounds, and  plan to stay all day."
"I always think of the Asian Festival as the kick-off for a summer of outdoor eating in Columbus.  Followed by the Jazz & Rib Fest, Festival Latino, and as many taco trucks as you can hit before the weather turns cold.  But I digress...

The food court is a bit of a hit-or-miss affair, with the usual Americanized Asian food, but there are always a few great vendors to be found if you know what you're looking for.  There are always a couple stands selling Filipino food, plus the local Chinese Buddhist temple has a stand selling vegetarian food, some of which is hard to come by otherwise.  The first few years we went you could always count on a Laotian vendor, which was nice, as there aren't any Laotian restaurants in Columbus (although Indochine Cafe has the occassional off-the-menu Laotian special).  Last year the Laotians were missing, but there was a good Thai vendor.  So we'll see what this year holds.

For us, it's a matter of buying as much food as we can carry, finding a shady spot facing the auditorium, and watching whatever performance happens to be on.  Some are pretty good, and even the mediocre ones remind me of growing up elsewhere.  Mayor Coleman and his entourage usually show up to shake hands, the white kids in the kung-fu troupes do lion dances, the Asian kids do hip hop, and people of every color show up to eat the food and enjoy the inevitably hot, humid weather.

Kind of makes me like living in Columbus."
"Sunday morning we showed up around 10 am when the event opens for the day.  Parking was free and just a couple blocks down the street at the park.  Kids enjoyed the face painting and activity booth.  We hit the food court up around 11:30 and the lines weren't very long.  I enjoyed several items from Siem Reap's booth and a Filipino booth.  

There are numerous martial arts, singing, dancing, and instrumental performances.  This is a free event other than what you eat and any items you purchase from their marketplace.  It's a great way to get out of the house and expose the family to other cultures."
Went to the Asian festival in June 2019.  It was unbearably hot and crowded.  It was really difficult to navigate the entire festival, and I thought there would be more food vendors than were present.  We had to find street parking in a neighborhood nearby and walk.  One pass through and it was enough.  We stopped just long enough to see part of a show and then decided to leave.  Not sure if this will be in the plans this year.
"I've  always love  going to to Asian festival so much wonderful food. This year i notice that security was more enforced. I also enjoy the shows and to learn about the Asian culture.

My Wife love to shop at the market place and find lots of  those hidden gems. I think the food prices are reasonable especially egg rolls, crab rangoon, the beverages. My wife loved the strawberry lemonade it was nice and refreshing on a hot summer day. My favorite was the lumpia which we found at a Philippine vendor. 

Looking forward to next year where I think I'll be a little more adventurous and try different foods."
I noticed this new restaurant on Main before it opened so it was definitely mentally bookmarked as somewhere I wanted to go. Had the pleasure of visiting a day before their opening day to try their limited menu. Really enjoyed the vibe of the restaurant and the food served. Will definitely be coming back to try the complete menu once the line ups aren't as crazy (hopefully)
This place is definitely a social media favourite. The flavours and taste of the dishes were really good and does have the essence of hawker food. The portions are similar to what you would get at a hawker stall. Personally I find the price too high for the portions especially the roti canai. The portion for the roti canai is small and definitely cannot be shared! You can taste the quality and effort behind the dishes and the servers are really nice. It's the price that I think is bit high based on the portion size
"Finally got a chance to try this interesting restaurant. Overall, I was disappointed as it didn't live up to the expectation set from media and social media.

Arrival:
- There was a line, about 4 pairs deep. However they mesh the take out line and dine in line together. Took someone 10 minutes to come out to check in the line. I wouldn't been concerned if I didn't see one of the staff standing close to the door guarding the take out bags. She had clear sight on the line. I would recommend actioning the line as soon as possible so you can keep the line as short as possible. 

Wait-Line
- waited 15 mins when quoted an hour. Pretty happy with the result.

Dine-In
- it's a line up and order your food, sit and wait for your food type of restaurant. I think it meshes well with the stores design and concept. What I didn't like is some items were sold out, and we were not informed at the line, during the line, only when it's our turn to order. We weren't the only people that were disappointed, couple other customers had the same issue and they finally took off the pricing off their menu board. It'd be nice to know if you're waiting for this long for food if the food was available or not. 

Food Quality
- Disappointed. Pad Thai was $15, but it was enough serving for one person, and i was still hungry, the roti, and wings weren't anything spectacular. The Fish Caramel sauce wings taste good, but price per quantity wasn't justifiable. Charging a lot for street food portion. '

Out of everything we ordered, Thai milk tea stood up. It tastes like the Chai Yen at Pok Pok, which was absolutely tasty. 

We left still feeling hungry, even though ordering all that food.

Work out the portions, and the line management and I think they will continue to do well."
"I'm surprised how this is not at least a 4/5 in terms of overall average for reviews. I personally think it's more than 4.5/5. I've been there twice and there's always a line up on certain weekday evenings and on weekends. The service is efficient, and the price, although a bit higher than what most would think of a ""hawker"" type place, this is a gem in the city of Vancouver where the quality of the food and ingredients really makes it well worth it. 

I would go back there again. The quality lends itself to some tasty and spicy dishes, depending on what you prefer. It's down-to-earth Southeast Asian street food while sourcing some of the best ingredients they can access from this part of the world."
"We came for dinner on Friday night before labour day weekend 2020. It wasn't busy and we were greeted by a hostess wearing a mask. She told us we were at table 5 and order at the counter. Nice the menu is on the wall so don't have to touch menus. 

The ambiance was comfortable: bright, clean and colourful.  They showcased ingredients as their part of the decor. We were seated at table 5 facing outside. 

The most important part...food:
We ordered: 
- char kway teow: 5/5 super flavourful with a slight kick. I don't like spicy food but this was at the edge for my tolerance. I really liked this dish with fish cakes and yummy lap cheoung (Chinese sausage). Anything is good with Chinese sausage. 
- mee goreng: 4/5 for me. It's good but wasn't my fave dish.  It was heavily seasoned for my liking.
- fried chicken: 5/5 this was super yummy. Must order. I only had 1/2 a wing but it was perfectly fried and battered with sweet and spicy. Awesome!
Roti: 3/5 only portion size for $6, get 1 piece. As well, I prefer a different (curry) sauce not the sauce they served it with.

I would come back and try other dishes. Cost is a bit a high side than other hawker style restaurants in Vancouver but the ambiance and service is fantastic here at Potluck."
I ordered for take out and it was ok. A bit shocked how expensive the chicken is. It's only 4 pieces... I got the fish sauce caramel and it was good but nothing so special. Also tried their Char Kway Teow. Big portion enough for 2 meals. Fish cake in it was good but wish there was more prawns.
"Placed my takeout order.  They said it'll take 20-30 minutes.  They were exact in the timing, 30 minutes.   Hawker food, restaurant prices and restaurant speed .  It was busy inside and there were lineups outside waiting for takeout or to get a seat.  Not much distancing going on inside so I wouldn't want to eat there cause the place is a bit small for todays covid style of dining in. Still they're doing the right things by all wearing masks and keeping contact to a minimum.

I really did enjoy the chicken wings. Got both sets but at that price, it was pricey, so I won't order from here as much for the wings despite how good they were. 
The other dishes were ok, nothing to write home about but again price.
However they just opened and the cost of running a business has gone up due to all the pandemic challenges of safety first.
At a time like this, it's good to see a business doing well and I wish their team success.  At least I can say, decent Malay food and they're representing it well.

Of course if you can or want to dine it, the presentation will be much better and I'm sure the flavours too.  Because taking out does change things.
Solid three stars for starters."
"Chef Justin Cheung's Potluck Hawker Eatery is inspired by South Asian hawker street food markets. Think of it as a fusion between Malaysian, Filipino & Thai cuisine. The best thing here is the salted egg yolk fried sandwich. OMG this thing is literally an orgasm in your mouth. It's really difficult to explain the complex flavours. All you need to know is its yummy AF. Also their roti with condensed milk and sugar is delicious. Can't wait to try other things on their menu.


Food - Great
Service - Friendly
Ambience - Casual 
Worth the money - YASS"
"Came to get takeout tonight and ordered almost the whole menu and although the prices were not cheap, the food was actually well enjoyed by my entire family and there are plenty of leftovers for tomorrow's dinner! 

We were intrigued by most of the menu and started off with the brussel sprouts and polenta which was actually very tasty but the amount of oil was a little much. Similarly, the fried shrimp and vegetable cake was also very crispy even at home but too oily (yet it was delicious and my fried food loving brother and father loved both these items). The roti was also nice and flaky and for two large pieces at $9, it wasn't too much higher than other Malaysian restaurants. The salted egg yolk deep fried chicken wings were again quite heavy but the flavour of salted egg yolk wasn't too overpowering and the first few bites remained crispy but after awhile, got a bit soft from the moisture.  

My favourite of the night was the khao man gai which although pricey for the amount of chicken, had tender white and dark meat atop a delicious oily rice that didn't look like much but actually had great flavour! We also really liked the taste of the laksa (could use more protein) and the charkway teow which was very tasty and had a few large shrimps. I didn't try the nasi goreng but according to my family, there was nothing that stood out in this dish. Last but not least, we got the crispy pata which came with rice and a slaw. The pork hock itself was quite large although many of the pieces consisted of skin and fat but my dad loved the bone which was full of flavour. 

Overall, the meal was an expensive one but we all agreed that it was almost on par with other Malaysian places. The negative reviews might be from the hype that has been created but coming in with not the highest expectations, I was actually surprised at their food portions and flavours. I would recommend it if you're willing to spend a little bit more to try it out!"
"Ordered their limited quality Singaporean crab prefix menu that they offered on pre-order this December.

Fiance and I picked the chili crab. Other options for the crab were pepper crab and salted egg yolk.

The dungeness crab was very good. Basically smothered in what tasted like sambal (think: tomato meets sriracha).

Fish sauce mantou was good, especially picked up all the extra chili crab sauce. Too bad it was crispy like I'm used to.
Gado gado was just ok. A bit oily.
Brussell sprouts in salted egg polenta was good for me and just weird for my fiance. I forgot it was salted egg. It tasted like cheese.
Char Kway Teow (rice and tapioca stirfry) was great.
Fried rice was basic. Good but nothing to rave about.

Flavours are rich and strong. We both gulped a lot of water after dinner haha."
"We got the laksa and nasi goreng. Both items were warm upon being served (dine in) and underwhelming in flavour (both my fiance and I agreed on this). Relatively small portions considering the price point. Decor was very nice though and they had some good looking dinnerware from West Elm. 

Since John 3:16 malaysian is opening up close to oak and broadway, I find that it would be tough to choose Potluck over them in the long term. 

Will be coming back to try the chicken sando, as it does seem like an item that's more interesting and value oriented. 

Not hitting the buzzer on this but so far it's a Simon Cowell ""no"" for me."
"Wanted to try this place since I've seen it all over TikTok and instagram. The chicken sando was really good and I would definitely recommend. Overall, it was a pretty good foodie experience, albeit a tad bit pricey. But once again, try the chicken sando :9 you can always just walk in, leave your name, and walk around the neighbourhood a bit and they'll call you back once they're ready for you! They told us it would be a 30 minutes wait, I think they called us back in 15. In addition, with the nice weather right now, you can always eat outdoors across the street in the public space next to JJbeans. 

In addition, I like that they have sanitizer on all the tables! I would recommend bringing your own reusable utensils though in order to generate less plastic landfill. :) I just used my hands to eat instead."
"Ordered fish sauce chicken wings and roti for delivery and I can say that the roti is SOOO flakey. I love their roti but the price point is just slightly ridiculous. 

The chicken wings weren't that special. The sauce was super watery and made the chicken wings really soggy. Too heavy on the fish sauce.

Would love to try the other things on their menu but the roti is the kicker for me! 10 roti's please!"
"If you're looking to grub on vibrant fusion food in a cute and casual setting, then Potluck Hawker Eatery may be the restaurant for you. Given that it is in its soft opening stage, the restaurant currently offers a limited menu only, though it is enough to whet the appetite and satiate the taste buds. 

We came in on Day 2 of opening at around 1:45pm and luckily avoided a queue. (Potluck is a small space with only six tables and several window seats, so I would anticipate waiting during peak hours.) Walking in, my eyes were immediately drawn to the decorative shelves, patterned wallpaper, and colourful plastic chairs. Before being seated, we had to place our order and pay first. This is similar to ordering at a hawker centre, except your food is brought out to you here. We settled on the following: 

ROTI CANAI ($7): This was smaller than I thought, but what it lacked in size, it more than made up in texture and flavour. The roti was hot, buttery, and flaky with a slight char, at times reminding me of the best parts of a croissant. I forgot to choose our sauce, but the default of the caramelized onion curry was an outstanding combination with the roti. It is a little savoury and a little sweet, and having spilt it on my fingers while pouring, it was also extremely hot. 

FRIED CHICKEN SANDO COMBO ($15): From seeing pictures of this combo flood my Instagram feed, I knew it was the main for me. First off, the Malaysian Shaker Fries - these crinkle-cut fries are fried impeccably with its curry leaves (a must to eat!) and indentations for the sugary seasoning to nestle into. The Fried Chicken Sando itself is a force to be reckoned with, with its soft milk bread, subtle salted egg yolk flavour, juicy fried chicken, and light slaw to chomp down on. It was quite the unique take on a sandwich and one that I can fully get behind. It delivered on bold flavours and was incredibly satisfying! 

NASI GORENG ($15): This was not my main, so I only had a bite of it and cannot offer as comprehensive of a review. I will say that it was quite a small portion for its price (especially when compared to that of a Hong Kong style cafe), and altogether, there were only two pieces of shrimp. While this dish was still quite yummy, the sandwich combo does offer a better value, by and large, for its price point.

Unlike some of the reviews here complaining about the mediocre service, we in fact had exceptional service. Our server sanitized our table prior to us being seated, checked in on us during our meal, cleared our dishes promptly, and even helped customers outside inquiring about the menu. She was fantastic!

Aside from sanitized tables, other safety precautions undertaken include contactless payment, plexi-glass at the counter, aptly spaced apart tables, and hand sanitizer at each table. I would prefer if the utensils were given by the server though, rather than placed communally at each table (though I see the street food style appeal). Moreover, the toilet rolls in the washroom could be stored elsewhere instead of being stacked on top of the toilet.

Overall, I think Potluck is a welcomed addition to Cambie Street despite the stiff competition in the neighbourhood restaurant scene. If you're craving some Singaporean, Malaysian, and/or Indonesian food, I would recommend giving it a try. If you do, you must at the very least order the Fried Chicken Sando Combo, okay?"
"Located in the bustling Cambie corridor, it serves up hawker style southeast Asian street foods.

I came for their salted egg chicken sando and it did not disappoint. Juicy chicken thigh meat provided plenty of flavour. Crunchy coating and the lightly pickled cabbage gave texture. Salty egg yolk was not amiss and matched very well with the chicken. The bread might be a little bit too thick for some but it was tasty, grilled nicely, adding a hint of smoky element to the dish. Highly recommended!

We also tried nasi lemak, a national dish of Malaysia. We chose sambal squid as the main protein and it was tender and saucy. Rice was rich and coconut aroma came through very well. All other savory components of this dish paired very well with the rice. The sauce that came with the half egg tasted like fermented shrimp paste, so some people might not be used to the flavour.

All in all a good dish, on the more savory side, but I think I would have preferred if all toppings were placed on one plate encircling the rice so it will be easier to mix everything together in each bite.

To finish off our meal, we had their milo dinosaur, not too sweet, cool and refreshing. Also highly recommended.

Whether you want to catch up with your friends or simply enjoy a quick and fast meal, this is good place to enjoy some simple delicious fare."
"Saw this place driving by and our family knew we had to check it out. 

As of today (July 11). They have been on the downlow for a official opening of July 15. They're not advertising themselves as opening partly because they probably don't want to be overwhelmed by the positive response from the community. That's understandable. 

Malaysian food other than Hawkers on Main Street? Yes please  We contacted them through their Instagram page to see if they're open and they said they were but they're trying to keep things on the down low before their soft opening on July 15. When they're open. Be sure to check them out for sure, and be patient with them as any new business - things can get a little overwhelming. 

We are excited that a Malaysian restaurant is being added to the Cambie St. neighborhood. It's about time. They offer a predominately Malaysian cuisine. But they also have some Filipino dishes like Crispy Pata Potluck ($60!), and Potluck Palabock ($ N/A). And some Thai dishes like Pad Thai ($15). 

Their ambiance is nice and bright. They have decorated the place to reflect a more street food like atmosphere that resembles Malaysia, which is great! We love the feel and ambiance of the place. 

Their service during this trial run was awesome. They're doing a good job. Can't wait to review again when things are finally up and running. First impressions are important right? Well. They're making a darn great impression in their trial run. They weren't even supposed to open until July 15. But they've opened up for the Cambie St. Community to check out their restaurant. 

Staff is friendly, courteous and respectful. And they checked up on their customers quite regularly while also trying to maintain a level of social distancing for their customers so that people are safe. 

The food came out a little slow. But that's kind of expected during their trial run. They are working out their kinks and we completely understand that. I think they have a pretty small kitchen staff and I'm not sure if that's going to change in the future. The time of the food coming out was decent for us. I think they might be a little overburdened if things start to pick up real fast. Hopefully they can handle and they'll be okay! 

The location of the restaurant is perfect. As it's only a street down King Edward Station. It's about a 5-10 min walk probably. If you walk fast maybe quicker than that. The Cambie St. Corridor is well served with public transportation and of course the neighborhood is pretty good with parking as well. Street parking as always is paid parking. So there are options to get to Potluck Hawkers Eatery. 

Their food. Let's get to that. We ordered the following this time around: 

+ Roti Canai. They actually gave us an option of savory or sweet. Which was surprising because the Roti Canai in most other Malaysian restaurants are only offered as savory. It's a unique twist on a pretty traditional and staple Malaysian dish. Well done  the sweet Roti Canai was dripped with condensed milk and sugar. IT TASTED AMAZING. could've ordered a second one. OMG. Superb. Two thumbs up! And highly recommended if you come here. 

+ Mama Cheung Laksa. This has to be Justin's moms homemade laksa recipe. It was good! The noodles were a mix of the yellow and vermicelli noodles. Their soup broth was good. Not too thick and not too watery. It was good. I just feel like Shiok and Amay's probably still has a leg up on the two best laksa's in town. Maybe one day Potluck can dethrone those two 

+ Salted Egg Yolk Fried Chicken Sando. This was unique. I never actually saw this offered at any of the other Malaysian restaurants in the city. So this was a first for me. My wife loved the bread. The chicken was favorable! 

+ Thai Ice Tea. We liked the Thai Ice Tea. Nice and sweet. Doesn't have the butter taste of the tea like some other restaurants where it's too heavy on the tea. This one, we felt, was just right. 

Let's talk about price. Their price was decent. Our dinner came to $64 for all the dishes & drinks that we ordered. 

Do we recommend this place? HECK YEAH! This will be for me a new place to dine out. Definitely going to be a regular coming here! If you haven't checked them out yet. Go and do it! Remember that this time is a trial run for them. Please show some grace and patience if something isn't up to your personal culinary standards. 

Official opening on July 15. So be sure to support local business and go and get some of their fantastic foods! 

My breakdown: 
Location 4.5/5
Price 3.75/5
Ambiance 4.75/5
Service 4.5/5
Food 5/5"
"[Social distancing takeout review]
The restaurant's open but my friend and I decided to order our food for takeaway and have a picnic in the park (there are two great smaller parks nearby!).

We really wanted to try the crispy prata so planned our outing around it. Dinner menu started at 5 at the time of our visit (make sure to check website for changes, as they are fine tuning!) so we got to the restaurant right then to order for takeout. I think we may have been one of the first dinner customers, but the restaurant was full with customers having the snack menu. We paid for our order and were told it would take about 20 mins, and they took our order phone number to let us know as well. 

Skip forward 20 mins after roaming around, we got a call from the restaurant that our food was ready! Talk about good estimates :) When we got back to the restaurant there was already a decently long line forming. Because the entry way was narrow, we stayed towards the back of the line to respect people's space. We were fortunate enough to see a staff member near the entrance so asked for our takeout order. He was a bit dismissive and asked us to wait for our call (understandable as it was getting busy) but we clarified that we did get our call already and he hurriedly got our order for us. I agree with the other reviews that the takeout process can be quite confusing, and we got lucky that we were able to get ahold of a staff member. Perhaps when they have more staff it will be a smoother process :)

Food was absolutely delicious and packed very neatly. It is just a tad expensive, especially when you know what it could cost in Singapore or Malaysia, but it's not so expensive that it would deter me from coming back for more! Looking forward to the improvements going forward!"
Very clean inside. They have sanitizer everywhere to kill covid. Staff is friendly and food tasty. Think we found the newest addition to Cambie Villiage and definitely a contender.
"Gave this new place a try earlier this week . Gado gado was not bad. Char kway teow had that hot Pan fried taste which is typical of real Hawker style frying. Seasoning was ok , somewhat lacking the dark thick sweet soya sauce taste. The chicken laksa was also just ok , lacking the punch I was used to . No Hainan chicken rice available at lunch but tried their salted egg deep fried chicken nasi lemak  which was not too bad . The sambal sauce that came with this Nasi Lemak was pretty good .
Overall , ok if you have never had Malaysian or Singaporean food. The hawker concept is there and the service was quick and good . For me , it was not quite as authentic as I was hoping . But then my expectation was probably higher in comparison to the hawker style food one gets in Singapore and Malaysia. Do give this place a try if you have never tried this type of cuisine . A good spot to start with ."
"Got here at 5:15pm and there was already a line of 15 people ahead of us. The line was for both dine-in and takeout which made it very confusing for people arriving later. There wasn't any signage and there was only 1 lady taking names, organizing the line, serving, cleaning tables and calling people to come in. She tried her best to manage and was pretty efficient, but it would be better if there was more staff to help out. 

We put our name down at 5:40pm and were seated at 6:45pm so we had to wait an hour even though we showed up before opening. Food wise we ordered the Nasi goreng, Laksa, Char Kway Teow, fish sauce caramel chicken wings and roti with curry sauce. Our favourite dishes were the fish sauce caramel chicken wings and the nasi goreng. 

The chicken wings were a bit pricy at $13 for 4 wings, but they were really crispy and flavourful so I would order them again. The Seafood Nasi Goreng was very flavourful and spicy but had very little seafood in it. I think I only saw 1 shrimp in the fried rice so it's mainly rice and a fried egg. The fried egg was a nice touch though. 

Laksa wasn't that flavourful and was a bit bland for my taste. The mixture of noodles was good but nothing too special. Roti had good sauce and was flaky and buttery but a pretty small serving for $7. Char Kway Teow was also good but nothing too special. 

Be prepared to wait if you come later, might be best to get takeout instead of dine in. Make sure to line up to order right away once you get seated or you'll have to wait in a line with people ordering for takeout."
"Very hyped up marketing pre-opening , not necessarily a bad thing since that's how I got to know about this place! However, staff seemed not fully unprepared for the crowd , reflected by limited staff serving large crowd, long lines (both dine in and take out) , disorganized system of dine in/take out line, sold out of popular menu items etc. I believe all these will get better with time though. 

Food wise, a little overpriced for most items but expected for Vancouver standards. Laksa broth was subpar compared to other competitors, not as flavorful as expected and small-ish portion, however, nice Bihun/mee combo touch to reflect authentic kari mee in Malaysia. 

Chicken Sando was the unique item on their menu compared to other places. Well done! Had a side of Malaysian Shaker Fries, wasn't sure what to expect since it doesn't really exist in Malaysian street food. Would love more curry leafs and less sugar.. but it's a creative touch! 

Nasi goreng was the best of all items ordered. Flavorful and had nice addition of clams for a different texture! Nice surprise! Side of keropok was very oily, unfortunately. 

Char kuey teow is mediocre. Nothing special but still tasty!

Look forward for this place to get better as time goes by and not let quality sacrifice for quantity. Will be back to try again and hoping for a better experience! 

Keep it up!"
"Our party of 4 were at the Eatery tonight (Friday) waiting for it to open at 5pm. This is advisable as it didn't take long for the place to be lined up outside the door. Seating is limited during covid. I noticed there was already a lot of takeout orders waiting behind the counter. 
The restaurant was clean, bright, and cozy. It had good ambience, and the feel of an authentic Asian hawker eatery (hence the name!). The servers were friendly, efficient, and attentive.
We ordered two dinner snacks ... the fried chicken wings and the gado gado... and two dinner mains... the turmeric curry and the char kway teoh. They were all so delicious and just sufficiently spicy for our taste. The food was plenty for the four of us. And the price was very reasonable.
It was a good dining experience which I highly recommend. By the looks of the lineup outside when we were leaving, it appears that the Eatery already has a good following."
"They had a soft opening yesterday. Welcome to the neighborhood. 
There was a line of about 30 people waiting to be seated and also orders for take away. Success for their first day. 
I've seen that they are very big in offering the people of social media to come and enjoy their food. But as us paying folks that will come on a regular basis, without the fan fair they need to offer the same food that they are serving to social media. An hour has just pass by the time we got a seat, and they were out of their feature special. The menus is limited right now. So don't expect to see what was posted to be on the menus. There is more coming soon. 
My main complaint is that there is really no table service. I guess. If you are there first, you can choose your table. I see people just putting their stuff on the table and then order. Or just ask for a specific table and they will comply. Not really any control. 
We are assigning you this table. Take it and the other is for the guess that is behind you, and so on. 
With COVID and social distancing, don't really want other guess putting down their stuff on a table and then  walking up to order. Then requesting to change table when you order, or see one that is open to your liking . The server would have to clean it again, or if even. 
All in all the food was only ok. Will have to try again when the hype and the ""influencers"" are done spending their money, so us regular or becoming regular customers who don't seat around for an hour or more sipping on the same bottle of pop. When that very same table can be use for actually guess who would like to try the food.  
Congratulations on the opening. Great addition to the area."
"I definitely agree with a lot of the reviews on here regarding some of the flavours off the dishes. Here are the ones we loved:
Roti
Sweet and Savoury chicken wings
Sambal egg plant on rice 

Ones that were sort of meh:
Nasi goreng
Ceviche 
Laksa noodles 

The sambal egg plants were probably my favourite out of all the dishes. But the meh dishes, we just had better versions of it elsewhere. I really wish it was better cause I'd be a regular if it was. Also the price seemed a bit high compared to like Hawkers Delight but it's probably location."
"When you don't get much of the the opportunity to head down to the Mount Plesant area you try to make the most of it by ordering a bit of everything you set your eyes on! And that was just about what we did here at Potluck. We ordered the Fried Chicken Sando + Fish Sauce Chicken Wing + Nasi Lemak + Mama Cheung's Laksa. 
Very neat incorporation of something new to traditional street eats and the place has fun decor. But I was hoping for more flavour and heat (use of wok and flame) in its dishes to claim its hawker street food categorization. And it would be nice if they were a tad bit more generous in their ingredients in particular the Laksa - for $15 it only had 2 prawns, 3 thin small slice of fish cake and 2 tofu puffs, but the broth was tasty. Its a very fun concept but and they really try to get creative. A good place to try out something new."
Dined in with a friend recently and was excited to try their food but unfortunately the flavours fell flat and value for price just wasn't there. We started with their fried fermented pork ribs and daily special Thai iced tea which were both tasty. The green tea iced tea was my favourite item we ordered. Then we had their Mama Cheung's Laksa and Seafood Nasi Goreng. The Laksa didn't have enough depth of flavour and really lacked seasoning. The noodles also lacked integrity, a bit soft and overdone. The fried rice had very little seafood and lacked flavour and seasoning as well. Portions were also on the small side for the price. I did see that many people ordered the crispy pork patas and it did look good. I'm undecided as to whether I'd come back to try it based on this experience though.
"We really enjoyed our time at Potluck on this rainy Sunday! It was both our first time and we've been wanting to try this new Cambie joint for awhile now. 
The ambience is cute with the pastel blue and pink stools and flowered wallpaper. I loved the serving dishes too that all the foods came in. I also liked seeing all the product on the walls and decorated throughout the space. 
The service was great - staff was welcoming and so incredibly fast! We sat down immediately and ordered the Thai Milk Tea ($4.50), Superflux Happyness ($7) Sticky Wings - half order ($7), the Mee Goreng Mamak ($15), Char Kway Teow ($15) and Roti ($5). 
The Thai Milk tea was so delicious and refreshing, this would be awesome on a hot summer day! Love that they are serving local craft beer as well and Superflux is always a hit. The food came out so fast! The sweet sticky wings have a beautiful fry on them and are incredibly juicy. The half order for me was perfect sizing as personally I'm into a more savoury wing (ie garlic/salty) and can only eat a few of these sweet ones. 
My Char Kway Teow was a HUGE portion and I have tons for leftovers. I really loved the flavour of this dish and it came with huge fat prawns and lots of sausage and fish cake. I've seen quite a few reviewers say this is too expensive and not hawker prices but you have to remember you live in Vancouver! You can't charge hawker prices or you won't survive as a resto in this city. 
I think the value here is awesome! The Mee Goreng Mamak was tasty too and my boyfriend enjoyed it! Our biggest critique is we'd love more spice! So it would be awesome to tier out spicy levels for each dish - light, medium, kick your ass hot!  The Roti was a lovely flakey pastry bread with a delicious curry dippy sauce, next time we will order a double to share! 
Overall we really enjoyed our lunch, the space and the staff and will be back soon!"
"I had a decent dinner here. They have a really well oiled set-up to deal with pandemic restrictions, and it was pretty efficient to order and pay before sitting down. The servers were really nice. 

Dinner menu is a bit different from lunch, and I wish I could have tried more of the snack dishes from the lunch menu. The portion sizes were big enough and the dishes were generally flavourful. I just would have loved more spice profiles. I ordered the uni Nasi goreng, eggplant, and mee goreng. I have definitely had better renditions of the latter two. The nasi goreng was good, but I am just not sure it was worth its price tag."
"Finally got to try and it was pretty good!  We had:
- caramelized fish sauce chicken wings are  you have to try them! Sweet salty  sticky deliciousness.
- chicken mee goreng - we found this to be over salty tbh after a couple bites 
- roti with a nice spicy curry sauce yum!
- laksa was pretty good with a good coconut flavour and mixed noodles 
- salted egg yolk fried chicken sando.  Their signature dish. Perfectly fried chicken covered in salted egg yolk in a toasted and buttered Texas style toast. Get your napkins ready for this monster"
It ain't cheap but it is delicious!  I've been meaning to try this place in person but with the pandemic it is difficult with younger ones so I was happy to find out they are on a delivery platform.  We got the salted egg yolk fried chicken sandwich, some curry laksa, char kway teow (not pictured).  The food was very much enjoyed!
"Great location lots of street parking. Not too many tables but the line up wasn't ridiculously long line when they first opened. 

First to get in but last to get our food. We ordered our takeout before anyone was even seated. 25 minutes later we got our food while everyone who was already sitting ate all the same things I ordered. That was a bit disappointing. 

Side note for anyone ordering roti for take out, don't! We're only a 10 minute walk away but by the time we had it it just wasn't the same!

The beef rendang was a bit underwhelming. Their laksa was delicious! Finally a place that doesn't have a watered down soup with a nice umami and spicy flavour to it.

Take the time to make sure they've sealed everything properly before you leave. We lost half the laksa broth to the takeout bag during our walk home."
"Got very excited last month hearing a new place opened for Street Foods of SE Asian with a focus on Malaysia and Singapore. So excited and today was a little disappointed in their flavours. 

A friend and I arrived at 4pm for the Hawker Hour Menu (from 3-4:45pm). I heard so many good reviews about the Salted Egg Yolk Fried Chicken Sando and it was only served during what I perceived as happy hour. We ordered the Chicken Sando with Malaysian fries ($13 + $3) and Fish Sauce Chicken Wings ($13). 

When we arrived there was not a line up and welcomed in and order immediately. The cashier took my phone number and asked to us to wait outside and would be called when the food is ready for pick up. We waited less than 10 minutes and then found a Cambie Village merchant picnic table across the street. 

What was disappointing: the Chicken Sando and Fries. I give credit that the chicken was moist, seasoned well, and the salted egg smelled great. I didn't like the sweet milk bread. The sweetness was over powering the savoury notes and took away the salted egg flavour. I pushed the bread to the side so I could focus on the chicken. Glad I shared the sando because I couldn't have finished it by myself as it was huge. The fries were not special at all and wouldn't order it again: salt and some spice was it. 

What I really liked was the PotLuck Fried Chicken Wings. The caramelize fish sauce made it sweet, salty and sticky. The batter was perfectly seasoned and held the crunch-just heaven. However, as much as I loved the wings, at $13 with 4 pieces it is pricey for street food. 

Understand they just opened a month ago and maybe going through growing pains. I would return to give their dinner menu a try."
"Missing those hawker centres vibes for southeast Asian street food? This new establishment brings the best of classic and innovative dishes to Vancouver that respects the true nature of hawker centres. The PFC fried chicken wings with fish sauce caramel has a spicy kick to it that makes you want more. Even the Char Kway Teow is a classic favourite that really is a top choice comfort food. These are probably the two I would recommend again! Came here for the dinner menu but don't miss out on this place for an afternoon Hawker Hour Menu between 3-4:45 pm. I want to come back for the salted egg yolk fried chicken sando! There is no table service right now due to the pandemic so get in the line up with take out to order.
.
.
Ratings
*************************
Food 7/10
Service 7/10
Value 7/10
Atmosphere 8/10
Overall 7.2/10
.
.
Items Ordered
*************************
P.F.C (Potluck Fried Chicken) WINGS with Fish Sauce Caramel (13)
CHAR KWAY TEOW  Classic hawker rice sheets - stir fried with egg, prawns, lap cheong sausage & fish cake (15) 
CRISPY PATA Whole braised & deep fried pork hock, served with sawsawan for dipping, house slaw, and a bowl of rice (26)
 MAMA CHEUNG'S LAKSA Coconut curry noodle soup with fish cake, prawns, puff tofu, boiled egg & mixed noodle (15)
.
.
Useful Info
*************************
3424 Cambie Street, Vancouver, BC
604.423.9344
 Visited  Aug 2020 
Recommend?"
"* Looks can be deceiving *

This little restaurant in an unlikely setting in a Safeway anchored strip mall is serving up some excellent Hainanese chicken. You wouldn't expect it from looking at the location outside.  

They started off with a clear soup that was infused with rich flavours.  Looks can be deceiving, and this soup had much more complexity than expected at first glance.  It also had some nice surprises inside like boiled peanuts and beans.  Great start.  Photo:  http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/1n8CfBmm9H1yGmUeMmMZNA?select=hEiWBaWIE_A5Xx5eresFTg

Although the rice looked straightforward upon first glance, it was nicely oiled.  It was nicely infused with flavour and cooked perfectly.  Photo:  http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/1n8CfBmm9H1yGmUeMmMZNA?select=ePEVMZut2Jdf9svWFhfwVw

The star of the dish was of course the Hainanese chicken.  They provided a very generous portion, and had taken the extra step of deboning it for you so that it was an even bigger portion than I thought upon first glance - those initial looks can certainly be deceiving!  Yes, that plate of chicken you see in the photos is all meat - no bones propping it up!  It was prepared perfectly.  The chicken had the perfect amount of gelatinous skin and tender gentle ginger flavours.  Of the two provided dipping sauces, the diced ginger one truly enhanced the flavours.  Overall a very solid offering.  Photos:  http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/1n8CfBmm9H1yGmUeMmMZNA?select=q9IVnYr-8Wu_U6sVIOF9SQ and http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/1n8CfBmm9H1yGmUeMmMZNA?select=Hy17hzVHjLpIJHr4SCDkQg

Looks really can be deceiving!  (And that is true for people too - I don't look too much like my photo either - it is much more flattering than reality!)"
"Came here on recommendation for their Hainan chicken.
The place is not very big, and the server's English not so good. 
Roti wasn't that great, not their best item for sure.
The Hainan chicken was good, you have to order at least a 1/2 chicken to get a free range chicken. The smaller combos do not use free range.
We also had a green bean dish that was pretty good.
Enjoyed the food, a little weird attitude from the servers until we spoke Chinese."
This little restaurant doesn't really stand out in the strip mall. It's not a really big restaurant of course. As a family we usually order the full meal of the Hainanese chicken that comes with rice and soup for the four of us. The hainanese chicken is very flavourful each time and our children love their rice! We often would order their savoury roti too!! That would come with their delicious curry sauce which I really enjoy. Their service is quick and courtesy which is so important as hungry children can get fidgety! You can always order more bowls of rice on the side if you find that you have a rice eating machine with you as I do!
"We did takeout from from this place. Ordered the Barbeque Satay, Spicy Salt and Pepper Tofu, and the Sweet-and-Sour Boneless Pork. $32.00 including tip (never know whether I should tip for takeout), that fed two people real well.
6  skewers of satay,  very tasty and more than satisfying. A little tight on the peanut sauce, could have used more,  only because it was so good. I am not a tofu fan, but if you have to eat tofu this is the place to get it, it was hot, nicely spiced and very tasty. The sweet and sour pork was, well, sweet-and-sour pork,  just a real good plate of the dish we have been eating for many years.
There is nothing new about this restaurant in terms of flavors, foods, or presentation, but that said,  is prepares and serves really good versions of familiar favorites/ tastes.
I was told it would be a 15 to 20 minute wait for pick up, I think it was closer to 12... pleasant surprise. Definitely a repeat."
Almost didn't want to write a review of this place because it is so amazing. It's a hole in the wall by every definition, being that its one of many restaurants in a strip mall. But this place is amazing, it has authentic hainanese chicken rice, one that I grew up eating . Chicken is deboned and the rice is immersed with the chicken flavour. I've tried their curry beef brisket and roti and they are both great. I will gladly return to this place over and over again!
"I agree with the first two reviewers, the Hainanese chicken was tasty, especially the rice. The laksa was also very yummy. We tried the curry chicken and the curry was very flavorful. There were nice touches to the dishes like toasted sesame, fresh cilantro, and ginger.

I would stay away from the onion pancake and the roti. They seem like something I can get frozen at T&T and make myself at home. The roti did come with a great dipping sauce though.

This place just opened December of 2011, so they might be working out the kinks still. I'm glad for the added food choice in my neighborhood."
One of the tastiest Hainanese chicken rice on the lower mainland! Looking forward to try other dishes down the road
A nice place to eat, the service was friendly, the food was good and the price was right. Their chicken rice was delicious and that alone is worth coming back. It's a bit oily and I'm dying of thirst after so must be a lot of MSG. The fried rice was a bit over salty and the laksa noodle soup was ok. There is a ton of free parking in front of the restaurant. Overall I was satisfied and I'll definitely come back for the chicken rice.
Excellent chicken, better than the one in Richmond Garden City.....however the oil rice is no very good, the rice is much better in Richmond.  This chicken is smooth and good flavour.
"Tasty hainanese chicken with rice at a decent price.  Curry is also very good.  Service is friendly too!  

I find the food to be great on cold fall/winter days...or summer days...actually I'm happy to come in year round..."
"I came to Cafe 1 based on a friend's recommendation.  I tried their speciality dish the Hainanese Chicken and had their satay beef, chicken, and pork. The food was ok... For Hainanese Chicken Mama Lee's (on West Broadway) is significantly better!  

It's an ok family restaurant in a central location. I would come back but if I want the best Hainanese Chicken in Van City... Mama Lee's!"
"THE BEST CHICKEN I HAVE EVER EATEN IN VANCOUVER !  

I am a big fan of their Hainanese Chicken and their oil rice. Based on My personal experience, I found the host was really friendly ever since I first walked into this restaurant.  Here are something I like the most of this restaurant:

1) Tasty Food, which is the most important for any kind of restaurants. Highly recommend: Hainanese Chicken & oil rice, Laksa sauce with pancake ( I am always  into a dilemma of having oil rice or the pancake) 

2) Clean dining environment, especially in the bathroom. BTW, I also check the bathroom, and judge whether a restaurant is clean or not based on the sanitation of its bathroom . 

3) Easy to park. I dont want waste my time on looking for a parking spot as I dine in Downtown."
The food is good, the service is polite & genuine, the prices are fair market for casual dining, the ambiance is simple yet elegant and clean including the background music. I requested fresh & firm lightly cooked broccoli & I was pleased that it was prepared & cooked perfectly:) The only recommendations I would request would be more variety of vegetables to choose from, and that the server did not handle my water & tea by the rim of the glass where I place my mouth to drink, as per health code standards.
Authentic, big portion & cheap :) we ordered mee goren(you can't go wrong with it!) curry and pancake and we were happy with the quality! The mee goren was tasty, curry was authentic and pancakes are crunchy! Just to warn, the foods can be spicy and salty.
"The hainanese chicken with the rice cooked in the chicken soup, served with scallion and ginger purée and soup was fantastic--among the best I have found in Vancouver. 

The four seasons green beans with minced pork was tasty and well seasoned, not overly oily or overcooked. 

The roti canai had a great curry dip though I wish the bread was a tad crispier. 

Finally the meat skewers were great. The peanut sauce was nice and light and fresh and well seasoned. The chicken skewer was the standout for me with a slight crispness. 

Service was slow but friendly, and I would think the delays were because of the New Year. The credit card machine had also broken which was somewhat inconvenient though worth the hassle for the great food. A true gem!"
Small Malaysian restaurant tucked into a little neighbourhood plaza. Probably the second place in the city for hainanese chicken. Roti and curry beef brisket also solid. Only knack is that they always give you too much rice so you better come hungry.
Came at 4 pm and was pretty excited to eat their hainan chicken but they sold out..disappointed
I thought the food was halfway decent. Probably you want to go for the half Hainanese chicken rather than the individual portion because the cost is only double, but the portion they give is probably triple.  My standards are relatively low for this type of cuisine because there are so many worse variations in Vancouver area.
It was my first time eating here. The atmosphere is quite decent and hospitable. I ordered Chicken Curry with rice. The food came almost in 20 mins which was so annoying. Everyone else who'd ordered after me already had their food on table except me! Anyways, the food was OK, the portion was average, and it tasted good. The only little thing was that the chicken was very small and it was more of potato in curry. Overall, it was delicious, but There are better options for Malaysian/Singaporean food in town specially when it comes to service.
I'm really not sure how to feel about this place - we've been here once and had the half chicken with rice and soup. Long story short, it's probably the best Hainanese chicken we've had here so far (the chicken itself - I do feel that Mui Garden kinda has the edge on the rice) but the service is so strangely surly that I almost feel like it's something I need to brace myself for, and I'm not sure when we'll be back again. I'm really not the sort of person that requires great ambience and terribly attentive service in a restaurant, but I wish it didn't feel like the owners would rather be anywhere but there doing what they do.
"Eccentric. Don't mess with the owner, the chef, or anything other than the chicken. It's the best in town.

You go here for chicken rice only. If you don't know what chicken rice is then don't bother reviewing. I have been all around the world and make this dish myself. For the sophisticated pallet, you would be hard pressed to find a better hainanese chicken in Vancouver.

That alone is worth the five stars. Just turn a blind eye to the rest of the place."
"Delicious! Their dishes are packed with tons of spices to flavour the meats and their soup bases.

My co-worker and I went out for lunch and she had the curry chicken.  She said to the waiter ""I can't handle a lot of spiciness"" and the waiter was first hesitant at answering her because it depends on how people interpret the level of spiciness each person can take in.  It came and she said it was fine.  The nice thing was that the waiter came back periodically to ask about our food & fill our tea.  I had the Laksa Noodle Soup (it's my kryptonite).  it was yummy!

I find that they have a huge selection of dishes, however, the menu isn't very detailed.  For example my Laksa Noodle Soup.  I was expecting an assortment of veggies & maybe a few tofu puffs.  I didn't expect that it also came with chicken.  Other malayian restaurants that I've been to have a variety of Laksa like chicken or seafood.  So that's the drawback.  How can I really complain about the place when the flavour is so over powering.  flavour always win!"
"Malaysian/Singaporean food = nostalgic food... nom nom nom my tummy agrees. 
Service:8/10 
Satay: 8/10 good tender charred meat, great satay sauce! 
THE chicken: 8/10 ...best in Vancouver so far but, not the best that Ive had. Still pretty good though."
Together with my bff we tried the place only by luck...unplanned...it was chinese new year and the original plan was to buy steam buns in down town...heavy traffic that we wasted morethan an hour to be there which is just 7 minutes drive from my place,all parking full while the parade is in progress...mission failed so we drove back home...both of us starving so we decided to visit this singaporian little restaurant.....quite place to eat,service is extremely slow considering theres only 5 person inside....swipe machine is down good we had cash....everything was very unpleasnt except the taste of the foods,,,excellent beef curry,good satay chicken and laksa....free parking....try it your self not really a bad place
"Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I decided to try this place based on their reviews. The food was good, but not to die for. The Hainese chicken/oil rice is comparable to Prata Man (Richmond) & Cafe D'Lite. The upside is that you don't need to drive across town to get your Hainese craving. The location is very convenient with easy parking as it is located in the Safeway plaza on King Ed/Oak St. The spicy green beans & roti canai was delicious! We also tried the satay skewers & they were ok -- only complaint is that they are too small. My 1.5 yr old son ate 3 skewers to himself, so if you are ordering, please keep in mind that 3 of these equal to 1 average satay skewer compared to other places. The pork ones were tastier than the chicken ones. 
Solid food, but quite chincy on portion size. Great central location and very convenient parking."
"No better place on the west side for a quick Hainanese chicken rice.  The chicken skin is gelatinous and loose on the carefully deboned meat, which is my favourite style of the dish (""white cut chicken"").  The rice is oily and soft and instantly addicting.  Garnish is spring onion-ginger oil and sweet red chili sauce, both of which are standard - although I wish they gave a bit more onion-ginger oil.  Comes with a bowl of pork broth for $8.95, this is definitely a deal by Vancouver standards.  Ambiance-wise, they could cut the cheesy music; even silence would be better."
"I cannot pinpoint what's wrong with this place.  It was cute and people were friendly.  

Their hainanese chicken was boneless so that was a bonus for my husband cuz he never eats anything with bones (yup. that's right).  We also tried their fried rice, deep fried tofu, and laksa.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  The flavours are not very exciting as it should be ... I expect southeast Asian food with a bit of spicy and hotness should dance a little on my tongue, at least.

I don't crave it go again."
"""Boneless Hai Nam Chicken?! Down!"" 

This small little restaurant hidden within the plaza is definitely a gem within the neighborhood. I was introduced to this place one day when my dad stumbled into it and immediately fell in love with everything they had to offer; which was a great selection on their menu, a fun energetic chef, and deboned Hai Nam Chicken with rice. 

The first time I went with him I felt the same. The chef is a great guy and his passion for his store really shows. He cares about his food, cares for his customers, and always feels like he's striving to improve both his art and his store. All that along with a great chicken dish makes this place great. 

However, the most recent time I've visited. things felt a bit different. He had another lady help him out with the store front and... she just didn't give a very good vibe. I wouldn't say I hate emotionless and careless waiters/waitresses, but it really puts a downer in your day when you meet one. It's really a debate of whether you should treat customers like gold or simply go about your own day because that is your work place. The reason why I would like to mention is that I have a habit of asking waitresses what they recommend. I do this because I don't eat at your place often enough to have tried everything, and I do this simply because I like to try new things. I don't mind people recommending me super typical things or even dishes that I end up not liking, but what bugs me a lot is when the waitress says something along the lines of ""I don't know what you like"" or ""everything we have is already on the menu""... and that's practically what she did.. 

I don't what one waitress to affect what I loved about this place before, since I know that this restaurant is the chef's dream, but hopefully she's in a better mood next time."
"I would never have thought of it here, however, the stir fry green beans and pork soup was amazing. I have had a lot of this soup in other eateries and it was okay, however, the broth was flavorful and not too much salt, very reasonable in spices which is always appreciated. 

Come here before record store day with some friends over the weekend inbetween bands (the headliner). 

I had some money in my pocket. I wanted to save a good chunk for records, therefore, appreciated that this place was very reasonable on the wallet. 

Good customer service. 

The portions are medium, nothing filling, however, I just wanted something warm and comforting since it was bad weather. I came here mostly for the social aspect with friends."
Busy place. Not bad service and delicious hainanese chicken. Taking my family next week!
"I thought a few years would maybe make things better, looking back at my partners review, which was about 3 years, this place still just does not hit the spot, nope..... I came here with a friend who wanted to eat close to my area of work, I really couldn't think of a place, except that he doesn't eat beef, and we have a car, and an easy solution is to go to a place that has ample parking, so I thought.. let's do this again.

Be warned when you come here, do not park in the closer parking spots, as they have a 30 minute limit, park in the rest of the parking lot. When you come here, and especially 'prime time' lunch, you will wait as this place seems to get everyone who is looking for their Hai Nan chicken. Give or take a good 10-15 minute wait we were sat down and presented their menu. It is odd that they have regular non-free-range and then the free range chicken on their menu, giving you options... or more like lower budget options if you do not care what type of caged bird you eat? This time we stayed away from the chicken and rice option and went for their seafood laksa. I ordered a cup of cold lemon ice tea to get me through the day and we waited for the food.

I noticed when they are packed, the service is slow, with many tables asking if the food was still coming... like a family run business indeed. Luckily for us, we weren't that hungry, but this happened more than once, and finding someone to serve you was not the easiest thing, maybe they were short staffed? No matter, we did get our food before the other people.. which I assume ordered before us, and maybe they were slaughtering the bird in the back?

Well the bowl of noodles did come out, and the word I would use, which I hate, it 'meh' as in nothing special, if you were at any HK Cafe style restaurant this would be the result. Sure we ordered seafood laksa, but there was plenty of chicken inside. The rice noodles weren't al dente, the curry like soup wasn't curry coco-nutty enough, everything was just ok, it will get you by. I honestly felt that I was eating in a food court but in a restaurant, everything just felt like it was slapped together, and added just a tad of green for color on top.

The lemon ice tea, now this was the star of my lunch, as it was not too sweet, had a good amount of lemons where they didn't cheap out, and manually squeezing them in the drink made a perfect mix, now if only they could do the same with their noodles then I would praise it.

I wasn't expecting much from the last time, and I am surprised it still was the same from so long ago. It seems like their drinks are spot on.... just not the food... what gives? I have other places to go for Hai Nan chicken, and this one just doesn't fall on my list unless I am around the area."
Recently been to this place, order the Hainanese chicken, satay skewers, deep fried yam cake and deep fried chicken wings, food & price is decent, service is not bad :) I would come back and eat again.
"I'm not usually a fan of Hainanese Chicken but this place does a pretty decent job of it.

After hearing nothing but rave reviews from friends and coworkers alike, I decided to give this place a go and got the Regular Hainanese Chicken with Oil Rice (8.95). The soup is your run of the mill chicken broth. Between the two sauces provided (chili and ginger), I really enjoyed the ginger sauce! It really adds to the chicken.

The chicken itself is silky smooth on the outside and surprisingly, is boneless! The taste is alright, but the real winner here is the Oil Rice. Oh my god, it's like the chicken was steamed on top of the rice and all of the delicious juices escaped from the meat and seeped into the rice below. 

The service here also gets a big plus! The young waitress I had was incredibly friendly, very efficient at refilling my tea and bringing out the dishes within maybe...5 minutes of placing the order, and great at recommending the most popular dish in the restaurant."
"Mom and I came here awhile ago after her hearing from a friend that this place has good Hainanese Chicken and while we were here, we also ordered a couple of other things. The rice combo was definitely not the best id had because the chicken was not very flavourful and the rice was only okay. But, the curry we tried was quite enjoyed by the both of us. It had plenty of meat in there (beef) and sprinkled with coconut flakes so you knew there was plenty of coconut milk in there. It isn't too spicy but quite heavy with all the sauce in there. We also tried their roti and this went well with the curry and i actually prefer roti over rice. Lastly, the chicken, pork and beef satays were okay but I am not a huge fan of these in general. 

Overall, we knew this place was chinese owned and you can definitely taste it in their food. It has a chinese spin to the flavours making them less spicy and the prices here are very reasonable since the portions are quite large but the taste is only okay."
Definitely Fucks with the Hainanese Chicken Rice. The best chicken in town. Agreed.
"My first impression was a little odd in that location when my friend told me they have got nice Hainanese chicken... and my friend was right, it's very good!

The pros: small but spacious dining room, friendly service, price reasonable, good taste. Really like it :)*

The cons: they close at 8 pm. The chicken sold fast.

Best bet call in advance to reserve table & food."
"Went by for a quick dinner here. It is quite a small family-run place. This place is memorable because this is where I first tried authentic Hainanese Chicken. What's authentic about it? Well it's served cold. Apparently that's what they do in Malaysia/Singapore. Personally I didn't like it as I prefer my dinner meal to be warm but the person whom I was eating with seemed to enjoy it.

The beef rendang was a different story though. It was a dish I truly enjoyed. The curry isn't too thick or coarse as other Malaysian/Singaporean restaurants and the taste was perfectly flavoured -- not too rich nor not too bland.

We went during a non-busy time so the servers were very attentive. I'm not a picky customer anyway, it's not the end of the world if I wait a little long to fill my water or get my attention Haha.

The only thing I guess is parking. Although there's a dedicated big parking lot, I always seem to have a hard time finding a spot.."
"This review is for their Haianese Chicken rice only. Half chicken with 3 bowls of rice and soup to be exact. They use free range chicken so the meat is naturally not as mushy as regular chicken. Chicken meat is still sufficiently moist and the gelatin was there under the skin. Only complaint was dish needed a tad more soy sauce, I end up diluting the sauce with the soup so to give the whole dish sauce.
The rice is properly made, not extremely greasy with a ginger, almost nutty taste to it. You can ask for white rice if you don't like oil rice."
"This place was packed for lunch which is a good sign! Lots of people from different demographics were here today, so it was nice to know it wasn't just some ""hip joint"" or popular with seniors - everyone was here!

Honestly there's nothing special here. If you want decent food at a really reasonable price, come here. There were 6 of us and the bill came out to $94 with taxes included and we had enough for someone to take leftovers home. 

- The hainanese chicken was nothing to write home about. It was not bad but it didn't stand out. I've eaten a lot of hainanese chicken and this was just average. The portion size was great for the price so I can't complain. 

- The curry beef was really rich in a good way and definitely works well with copious amounts of rice. The potatoes were perfectly cooked but I found that their beef cuts were at times too fatty. I'm used to brisket and tendon bits but there was a lot of connective tissue and fat. They could have trimmed it better. 

- The green beans were really good. Perfectly seasoned with a little kick but not too greasy.

- The sauteed/stir fried bok choy was really nice. No garlic and just perfectly cooked. I hate it when bok choy is soggy/too soft or too crunchy because it was undercooked. 

- The roti was disappointing. I love roti. I could eat roti all day long and dip it in the sauce but this one...no thanks. My favorite roti in town is at Banana Leaf. 

Overall if I were in the area, I'd still come to eat here. But it's not a place I'd go across town for or ever get a craving for and need to come."
"Order 24 hours in Advance if you want the whole Haianese Chicken with 5 bowls of rice deal. 

The first couple of times I went, I didn't understand why I couldn't order the whole Chicken deal. They said sold out even though everyone else got chicken. I was only allowed the $8.95 chicken. I even asked, if they could just put plates of the $8.95 chicken together & Voila, a whole chicken. No can do, they said.   

Eventually, my friend figured it out. You have to pre-order in advance. Ahhhhh...... ok, I'm no longer upset.

Roti, is ok, nothing special. Cheap on the dipping sauce & missing that yummy pungent curry taste. 
Satay sticks are delish. Again, also a bit stingy on the peanut dipping sauce
Chicken oil Rice - Very good & generous bowl.  
Bak choy with garlic - very soft and good.

Typical Asian service. 

Don't go if you're on a diet.

I go there for my Haianese chicken fix until someone tells me there's a better place."
"Come here for their Hainanese chicken.
My family have tried to order other things off their menu and they're only okay...stick with the chicken.

I have been here lots of times and the chicken and rice have always been on point. Half chicken will feed two people with regular appetites. You get a soup and 3 bowls of rice. Large juicy boneless pieces of chicken. Silky smooth and perfect with the ginger. The rice is amazing--if you've never had this kind of rice before, you must try it, especially! Lots of chicken flavour in it and I just want to order some to take away to devour later. 

They don't have a lot of tables so expect a wait. 
Even though there's a huge parking lot in front, you might have trouble finding a spot (depends on how many ppl are shopping at Safeway)."
"I was craving for Hainanese chicken rice for lunch, that's why I went there and tried.

It located on King Edward Ave and Oak Street (inside King Edward mall), the interior is very simple but clean.

They served Malaysian and Singaporean dishes, their signature dish of poached chicken infused with ginger with rice cooked in chicken stock served with and fresh ginger, chilli and kecap manis sauces.  It was so good and tasty!!

The Malaysian pancake was great and the satay was delicious too.  The deep fried tofu was ok not smooth enough.

The Malaysian white coffee was milky and smooth..... awesome!!"
"A friend took us here last week saying it had the best Hainanese chicken because it's boneless. Both my husband and friend ordered the Hainanese chicken . I didn't feel like chicken so I ordered a noodle dish
. I asked the waitress what the noodle dish was ( I saw the photo of the dish , pointed it to the waitress because the dish looked good ) she said it's a 'chow mein'. So I thought , sure why not . I like ' chow mein'. I also ordered a HK style milk tea because the menu says to allow 30 minutes to prepare.  I thought that was quite odd. Anyway, tea didn't take 30 minutes. I got it in less than 10 minutes. Not sure why the menu would say 30 minutes. 
Both husband and friend's chicken dish came first. Husband really enjoyed it. He loved the flavourful rice . I told him it's just chicken fat drizzled on the rice ! My noodles came shortly after. It was basically spaghetti with seafood and some hot sauce!!! Not what I would consider a ' chow mein'.  It was ok. I don't think I'll order it again though. 
Service was ok . We didn't experience the rudeness by some of the reviewers though I don't doubt their experiences. This is after all an Asian cafe establishment. Most are known for bad service. 3 stars only from me ."
Decent food, clean atmosphere, very well priced, free parking, but the service is subpar. You can tell that the people working don't want to be there. I know this is supposed to be a no frills kind of place but it doesn't take all that much to say thank you or make eye contact when customers walk in the door. Just not smart business.
Decently priced, nice service. Their rice is the most flavourful out of all the chicken oil rices I have had. Get the half chicken even if you need to take some to-go because they'll give you better pieces. We also had the laksa which was flavourful and good. We'll be back to try the skewers next time!
"We wanted Hainanese chicken tonight and didn't really want to go to Richmond (Prata Man, a hole in the wall on Capstan Way, is our current fave). We heard about City 1 Cafe from my wife's dad, so we decided to give it a try. Got here around 7:15pm tonight. It was busy - a full house with just 45 minutes to closing!

We really wanted to try their chicken. We ordered their half chicken, but they only had enough for single order serving left. The regular customers in the know reserve a table and pre-order the chicken in advance...very smart. So the wife had the chicken, and I ordered the laksa. I found the chicken to be quite tasty. A respectable second place to Prata Man. But the oil rice needs improvement. There wasn't enough oil in the rice. The laksa was missing the pungent and strong dried shrimp flavour. Maybe they were toning it down for the customers who are used to HK cafe-style laksa? Whatever the reason, that is my observation. We also ordered a plate of stir fried green beans. This dish was simple, but good.

Service was alright. Servers were pleasant & efficient, but not very attentive as the restaurant was quite busy. They were busting it to get orders out, tables cleaned, guests seated, etc. I appreciated that they were working hard.

Overall, I found this rare budget friendly Singaporean/Malaysian restaurant to be good value for money. Appx $30 for two people...the Hainanese chicken is definitely worth a return visit."
I tried this place finding a new Hainanese chicken spot as my go-to place was closed. Very good chicken and rice
All the other reviews of this place are pretty much accurate.  The service from all the guys is terrible, and that poor lady just runs around workin her butt off!  I'm getting ahead of myself here.  Came here for lunch and ordered the curry beef brisket with rice, the Hainanese chicken rice and the fried rice (its a lotta rice) with a roti on the side.  The food came fairly fast and was really delicious.  I gotta say the Roti style here isn't spicy or that oily so I was definitely a fan.  The chicken too was made really well and did make me think of Malaysia!  Unfortunately this place does lose a lot of points for service.  I really didn't like how the guys didn't seem to want to serve us.  I mean even as we were paying (seriously you don't want my money?) they didn't seem to want to give us change.  Overall high on food, low on service from the male staff.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon to avoid the rush. My friend insisted eating here because he heard about their Hainanese Chicken Rice. The rice and chicken was flavorful. I had the Laksa noodles which is not the best I've had. And the meat skewers were tender and I was too full to appreciate them. Also had their roti. The place is very clean and service is friendly. I'd go back just to eat
"Surprise discovery of a small restaurant in a strip mall.

Best Hainanese chicken rice in the city. Soft, oily smooth and lightly salted. Succulent.

The rice was a little dry. But, the soup was good. 

Best deal is the half chicken that comes with three bowls of rice."
"Things ordered:

Roti, served with a side of curry dipping sauce
Deep fried spicy tofu
Deep fried wings 
Curry beef brisket
Hainanese chicken

Roti was nicely charred form the cooking and had a bit of crispness on the bite.  The curry sauce that was served with it had good flavours but was a bit watery to my liking.  All in all, still quite good.

The tofu was likely the lightest seasoned tofu I've eaten at an Asian restaurant.  No MSG maybe?

Wings were hot and crispy.  They were good.

Curry beef brisket was very tender and the curry had good flavours.  Not as good as Mui Garden's but Mui Garden sets the bar for me in terms of curry.  There were coconut shreds served on top of this dish.

Hainanese chicken.  First off, I am not a huge fan of this in general.  I normally would not order this at a restaurant.  Having said that, I would order this for myself the next time.  It is THAT good.  This is coming from someone who doesn't eat Hainanese chicken much.  I got the regular chicken, not the free range.  The chicken is deboned and is smooth and delicious.  This was easily a 5 star stunner.

Coming back to try the laksa and the skewers another time."
"Be prepared to wait if you come here. Service is also very mediocre, but the food might be worth the wait. We came right when they opened, so we were able to get a table. I asked for a larger table, but the waitress just said no. 

We ordered a Hainanese Chicken with Rice, Pad See Ew, Roti, and Beef Brisket Curry. The Hainanese chicken and rice was very good. There were no bones and the pieces were large. It wasn't over soaked in soy sauce and was soft and tender. The green onion sauce was also very delicious. The rice was soft and had chicken flavour. I didn't even mix it with anything and ate it straight up.

The Pad See Ew seemed a bit under cooked. The noodles were hard to chew. It was supposed to be spicy, but it was sweet and tasted like tomatoes. 

The Roti was soft, but extra oily and not cooked long enough to be crispy on the outside. The dipping curry sauce was pretty good though.

Finally, the beef brisket curry was very good. The beef was so tender it fell apart in my mouth. The potatoes were large but still soft and full of flavour. 

Don't come here to expect good service. I asked for tea 3 times before they finally brought over tea. Good thing I had a water bottle in my purse. Also, some of the waitresses are quite rude to their customers."
"My parents told me about this place and their Hainanese chicken. I had it before coming to the actual restaurant. My parents usually get take out and bring it home for me. I remember them being very delicious but upon my last visit, I was somewhat disappointing. 

Flying in from PR, I was starving after I landed (also after a long delayed flight). My parents suggested to come here for lunch (got here on a Friday at 2:30 pm). We got one whole Hainanese chicken to share. A whole chicken was $30.95. It also came with chicken soup and 5 bowls of rice. The chicken was definitely not wow. I would say Banana Leaf's or Mama Lee's chicken are better and are also slightly cheaper. I do like their chicken rice. They use chicken fat and oil to make the Hainanese rice. Rice was sure flavorful.

On top, we got some skewers. They only have assorted. No picking and choosing. Again the skewers are slightly more expensive than Banana Leaf, Penang Delight and most other restaurants. For $12.50, you get two pork, two chicken and two beef skewers. Their skewers are also smaller then most other places. If I had a choice, I would get it all beef. They said I could but I would have to pay an extra $0.50 for each skewer substituted. 

I recommend Mama Lee or Banana Leaf over City 1 Cafe. But again that could just be my taste.

Note service is meh here."
"Omgoodness !
Lunch here was fantastic, I got the veggie bento box and it was so much food. 
And the green tea they bring you when you sit down is wonderful. 
I would highly suggest coming here for a meal."
"Delicious and unique! We had the ""perfect lunch"" which was the beef curry, a mixed vegetable dish, and ginger fish... All wonderful! Also ordered the mouthwatering eggplant fries and finished with the banana dessert. Highly recommend!"
Another great ethnic restaurant in this area of Vancouver. We shared a salmon dish with okra in a banana leaf: turmeric clams, and a spinach dish, with an order of coconut rice. Everything was very good. We had mojitas, but they were very weak. I wouldn't bother with them. Food was great though.
Yummy, yummy, yummy but omg was it filling.  The satay were excellent was was the appetizer platter for 2.  Nice, small intimate and lively restaurant.  Skip the manog (sp) noodles.  Gotta go and get the fried banana for dessert!
The smells and flavours took me back to Asia.  (The good smells of Asia, that is.)  The spices were subtle, but very well balanced.  We had an appetizer platter, and shared three mains.  The service was excellent! The food was great! I really should give it 5 stars, but I just don't do that.
"I have never had Malaysian food before so I was a bit apprehensive but I read the reviews and felt comfortable enough to give this place a shot. It's located in Vancouver downtown next to D'Oro gelato. We came in pretty late on a Sunday evening. This place closes at 10 pm but their kitchen closes at 9:45 so we were told to ""hurry up"". I was a but pissed at this but I was just hangry. They had specials going on where we could order one of their ""happy hour"" dishes and could get the same dish free to-go. That worked out pretty well for us since we had to hurry up eating anyways. We ordered the Singapore seafood Laksa. It was a coconut milk based soup with noodles and seafood. It was really really good ! It was more like a comfort food- you can feel the richness of coconut milk and sizzle of a few intermittent spiciness. Th price point is great- especially when they are running their specials since we paid $17 for two dishes. I am definitely coming back to try more of their other Malaysian specialties."
"This is my favourite restaurant. I have tried every location and this isby far the best. It is cozy, intimate and the servers are the fast and attentive. Be prepared for a wait if you go for dinner here and make sure all your party is there all together :)

I have never tried anything that I did'nt like, but a few of my faves: Kung Pow Boneless Chicken, beef rendang, Curry Boneless Chicken, ROTI, Eggplant in Dried Shrimp with Basil, Lychee Mojito (not blended),  anything on the lunch specials ($8).

And don't bother with take out, the food is only 3 Stars for take out and 5 for sit in. For some reason this type of food doesn't translate well into take away :(

(My second fave location is the Kits location. Its bigger and has a more clubby feel -better for big groups - the food is slightly different too, still good but second fave on that as well)."
I don't know about the tasting menu or dining in, as I have only had the Singapore Laksa here as take out, but that alone is worth going back for. A ginourmous bowl of sweet and tangy and creamy seafood soup and an equally massive bowl of vermicelli with seafood, egg and sprouts. I have tried Laksa at other places in the downtown area, and this is definitely the best.
"This place saved us from happy hour starvation! We had planned to go to a French restaurant down the road, but it was closed at a time that the website said they were open! We were starving and angry and then we ran into this place.

We ordered all three happy hour specials and we were delightfully surprised. The food was unique and had great flavor! For two people, our bellies were nice and full with those three large appetizers. We also each had two refreshing cocktails! All said and done, bill with tip was like $40, it was awesome! Definitely a great spot for some nibbles and drinks!"
We were blown away by the food here, every single dish was spectacular. The king pao chicken, 10 veggies in 10 spices, and the noodle dishes were all incredible, as was the satay skewers, roti canai and golden wellness drink. Simply spectacular flavors and great portion sizes. Pretty solid ambiance too. Would 100% love to come back next time we're in seattle!
Not bad. Wish we had the appetite for trying the 7 course taster as it looked pretty good but instead, we opted for some salads (the tofu one was the best) and curry laksa (which was also deemed tasty).  It's crowded and tiny so be aware.
Great place, cozy atmosphere, great food and #1 customer service! For a premiere in a malaysian restaurant, can't ask for any better!
"Read some great things about Banana Leaf so I decided to stop in.  

The place is beautifully decorated, I think it would be a great date place. As a solo consultant, I felt a little out of place but the food settled me in okay! The place is a little small so I can imagine during a weekend night it would be pretty busy.

I had the Rendang Beef Curry Platter which I would highly recommend. The meal was a little spicy but the side salad they served with it was a great complement to the spice.

Service was friendly and with a smile and it is definitely another place I will go back to."
"If you want a total, authentic Malaysian cuisine experience, you must go to this restaurant.  We loved everything about our visit. 

Started off with a Lychee Mojito while perusing the amazing menu.   The staff was fabulous.  Their suggestions were spot one.  Very, very kind and we didn't have to wait long to sample our selections from the menu.  

We had the Turmeric Spinach, the Grilled Basa in Banana Leaf and the Mee Goreng.  What an absolute treat.  The most amazing flavors.. everything was fresh.. we were practically licking the plates so we could enjoy every last morsel.  

A must if you are in the Vancouver area.  There are five different locations, so scout one out!"
Totally impressed with service and food at my first Malaysian restaurant. Great place to eat if you are around English Bay. I would love to go back again.
"Excellent food and very nice people. 
Recommendation: Mee Goreng, Roti Canai"
Banana leaf is one of a kind, their pineapple fried rice is really special and their desserts with mango and sticky rice is very yummy
"I probably can't say anything that hasn't been said already about Banana Leaf Malaysian Cuisine in Vancouver, but it really is one of the best places to eat down on Denman.  If you like your food with punches of spicy, sweet and salty tastes, this is the place for you!  There is nothing bland about this restaurant and everything I tried seemed so authentic.  Malaysian food isn't super popular where I live in Seattle, so this was quite a treat when visiting my mom for Mother's Day.  We shared a delectable appetizer called Roti Canai, that wasn't like an Indian roti that I've had before, but more soft with a touch of sweetness.  The spicy dipping sauce was perfect, too!  Then I had some spicy Tiger Prawns that were cooked with garlic and chili mixed with lemongrass and dried shrimp paste.  SUPERB!  And this was the first time I had okra that wasn't mushy, it was incredible.  My mom's Satay Chicken was really good too.  The dishes had just the right amount of food too, so we had room for dessert and splurged on the mango sticky rice.  The texture was perfect, and whatever caramel-like sauce they made with it, was like crack...I just wanted more, and had to stop myself from using my fingers to wipe the plate clean!

Check it out if you haven't already!"
their menu is so extensive that i swear I could never try everything. We even took it back and made our concierge heat up our food. But try the laksa and nasi goreng, both are our favorite dishes and we always order them!
We went on a busy night (valentine's day) and the wait was long (~25 mins), but once we could get a table, the food was excellent. We had the $25 sampling menu and everything on it was delicious. I highly highly recommend this place.
本地人带来吃的，人多居然还要等座，是马来西亚餐，有中餐的油腻，没有马来的特色，服务员忙忙活活，口味实在乏善可陈，环境也和中餐馆一样有些昏暗油乎乎，感觉一般吧。周边停车也不方便，也许对外国人有特色吧。
What a great restaurant. My wife and I had lettuce wraps, noodles, roti, eggplant and coconut rice and everything was delicious and comforting. The staff was attentive and fast and kind. A man came in to wait for a pickup order and the staff asked him to hang out and have water and went to check on his order immediately too. They were so good and so nice.
My parents and were visiting Vancouver from California. It was our last day in the city so we decided to have lunch here at Banana Leaf after seeing all the good reviews. There was a good amount of people in the restaurant, but we saw it as a good sign. We were seated quite promptly. It was our first time having Singaporean/Malay food and we were so satisfied!! The service was amazing and our waitress was very helpful and went out of her way to explain what some of the dishes were. Prices were very reasonable and portions were huge for the price. We had the pineapple seafood fried rice and mee goreng. I'm so sad that there's nowhere close to home to get mee goreng because I know I'll be craving it for a while (lol!). This was definitely the best meal we've had in a while and I have no complaints. Just come and try it out for yourself, whether you're a tourist like me, or a local. My only request is that Banana Leaf should consider expanding into the U.S., preferably in San Diego please. :-) I need this place to be close to home so I can satisfy my cravings anytime I want
I remember going to this restaurant when they first opened many years ago, and the food was good then, and it's still delish now. When I'm in Vancouver and need a roti canai  fix or a dose of laksa  this is where I go. There can be a wait for a table some times but it's well worth the wait! Service is always on point and they have lots of dishes on the menu to share.
"I am eating this right now -- the roti canai and the fried okra, eggplant and green beans. It is ridiculously good. The roti canai is crispy and a bit chewy and served with a tasting dipping sauce. The vegetables also include yellow and red peppers (sweet) and SHRIMP (didn't notice if it's on the menu -- vegetarians be warned). 

I was here a few years ago and it was just as good. Be warned, this place is always busy. Folks were waiting for tables (8pm Tuesday). I got take out, though, and it was ready in 10 minutes. 

I plan to eat here every time I""m in Vancouver. Bonus -- it's 2 minutes from the Sylvia Hotel, which is nice and not too expensive."
"Excellent food and service. Authentic Malaysian cuisine. 

Only negative is the small seating area however which makes it difficult to get a seat at times."
Service was  great, had take out. Staff was very helpful . My dinner was fantastic. I would definitely recommend coming to the place. Absolutely loved the curry chicken and rice , my appetizer of veggie spring rolls were delicious!
"I love banana Leaf! 
Their lunch specials are such a great deal. Make sure you look at the menu in the back for the lunch menu if the server doesn't point it out.
We ordered Singapore Laksa, lamb curry, and king prawn curry between me and parents. For me the best dish was the Laksa hands down! The portion is huge... The soup is rich and flavorful. I kept sharing it with my parents but still had noodles after noodles left. The lamb curry had many flavors and spices. Dad loved it. But it doesn't come with rice so order a bowl. The king prawn curry was more fruity tasting than my heavier laksa.
The veggie spring rolls for $5 was crispy, spicy, and so good when dipped in it's sauce. 
I highly recommend eating here for lunch or dinner! The service could be spotty. The owner lady wasn't very friendly but the others were excellent."
"Went here with a big group and was pleasantly surprised at the awesome service and even better food. I know sometimes service isn't as good with a big group, but the servers were attentive and worked quickly to make sure we all had drinks and to clear our dirty plates away. 

Our group ordered a bunch of appetizers to start with and everyone fell in love with the roti. Seriously, that roti was SO good!! When we all ordered our mains, some people ordered more roti, just because they couldn't get enough. No, really. It was that good! 

I had the chicken curry and it was super filling. I actually couldn't finish it (maybe I had too much roti) and took my leftovers home (which tasted just as good the next day). 

Lots of options for everyone (vegetarians and those with gluten allergies too). Just yum!"
I was so excited to see that there are good restaurants so close to my hotel (Coast plaza suites). The reception desk guy, super friendly guy, recommended Banana Leaf, saying that it's his favorite restaurant. It didn't disappoint! Definitely order the roti canai, it's authentic! The rendang is lovely as well, although probably not as spicy as I want it to be (but nothing can get terribly spicy outside of Asia).  The best thing there is the dessert. They have a dessert called Pulut Hitam, it's basically sticky black rice pudding with coconut milk.  That is the most authentic dish I've tried there and it's almost like my grandma is in the kitchen cooking it. Bravo!
A tiny little spot, but they pack in a good sized crowd in a beautifully appointed space, all while serving up delicious Malaysian cuisine. All our dishes were fantastic, service was solid, but my drinks from the bar were more ice than anything else.
Busy and crowded Malaysian place, deservedly so. Always excited to find Roti Canai
So tasty here. We had the tasting menu which I highly recommend as you get a bit of everything. You do get a lot of food and will have lots for lunch tomorrow.
"My mother and I were visiting Vancouver on a Vancouver-to-San Diego road trip.  This restaurant was recommended by a friend of mine in India who often has business trips to Vancouver.  Our road-trip lasted 17 days and this was the single BEST restaurant we dined at.  If I lived locally, the Banana Leaf staff would know me by name.

The restaurant was centrally located.  Street parking was easy for us as we went during Game 1 of the Canucks/Sharks playoffs!  I guess everyone was watching the hockey game! :)

Banana Leaf has such a lovely, peaceful and calm atmosphere.  It is wonderfully decorated; not gaudy and tacky like Thai restaurants that I'm used to in San Diego.

What we ordered:
Satay - two chicken, two lamb.
Curry Boneless Chicken
Tiger Prawns in Sambal Sauce
Mango Sticky Rice

The chicken satay was very tasty.  The lamb satay however, was to. Die. FOR.  Holy moly it was melt-in-your-mouth good.

Mom's Chicken Curry was very good and was very, very flavorful.  Mom loves lemon grass + coconut!

I had the Tiger Prawns in Sambal Sauce.  There are just not enough words in my vocabulary for me to accurately describe just how amazing this dish was.  Try it.  Trust me.

Single best plate of mango sticky rice I've ever had (and I've had many)."
The best resteraunt in Vancouver. Amazing chef perfect service. Would rexomwnd and come back
"This was our second visit to a Banana Leaf during our visit to Vancouver. We ordered Mango Kerabu for an appetizer. Very, very good with a nice blend of sweet and tart. My wife had the Kum Heong Whole Lobster and was thrilled with it. I ordered the Malaysian Seafood Noodle 
in Spicy Turmeric Cream Sauce, which was absolutely delicious. I wish we had food this good back home."
Although this space is very compact, we were lucky to sit in a corner behind a curtain.  This helped us feel protected from the comings and goings from the kitchen.  The staff were great - courteous and helpful.  We ordered the group menu and there was an amazing amount of food.  The let down of the night though was the dessert.  It was not delectable to my palette.  Otherwise a great night out.
"We were at the Vancouver Aquarium in Stanley Park only to find that there were slim pickings in and around the aquarium when it came to lunch on a Sunday. Admission to the aquarium came with in/out privileges (as did the $4 all day parking pass), so we decided to pile into the car and find a place close by in the downtown area. 

In short, my iPhone led us to this place which turned out to be a great choice for lunch. We had the Beef Rendang and Singapore Laksa (although I skipped the fishcake in the Laksa). The menu is wide and varied in addition to being flexible (they'll make something veggie or terra on request). 

Overall great experience. We'll be going back soon - and will probably try the 7 course taster."
"We came here while in town. We didn't stay and eat in, we took it to go. The place was easy to find, as it was on a main street in the west end area. I didn't completely see inside the restaurant everywhere, but from what I saw, it was nice and clean.

The customer service was good. Very polite and did their best to make our food in a timely manner. 

I had a taste for some Curry chicken so that's what I got. I also thought their spring rolls looked good so I ordered that as well. I thought it was absolutely delicious! Just the right amount of seasoning for the chicken, they didn't overdo the taste. It was awesome! I literally ate the food up like it was my last meal on earth. Didn't mean to, it was just that good!

I will definitely be back here next time we're in town!"
We had a great experience at Banana Leaf.  We arrived for dinner around 7 pm on a Sunday and it was packed, but we were seated in about 15 minutes which isn't bad at all.  We were starving so ordered right away- starting with the chicken satay and the roti with vegetable curry dip.  Both were excellent.  Then we had the chicken coconut curry, sautéed eggplant, and coconut rice.  All were super tasty.  The food did take an unusually long time to come out though- perhaps the kitchen was backed up, but it was worth the wait as we enjoyed the entire meal.
"Banana Leaf is epitome of what makes Vancouver (and the West End in particular) one of my favorite places in the world.  It combines authentic ethnic cuisine, fresh/seasonal/local ingredients, and well thought out service in an unpretentious but elegant setting- all at a price that won't send you into sticker shock.

Like most Deman St. restaurants this is a tiny restaurant.  If you have a group over 6, I suggest you look elsewhere.  Early diners can get seated with out much of a wait so consider getting there pretty close to 6pm if you want to be seated immediately.  

I highly recommend the tasting menu, which supplies 7 fabulous courses and has an optional wine paring."
Just had a great meal here. This is definitely one to put on your list of places to dine in Vancouver. Ordered the Satay Chicken and Lamb; Sambal Green Bean made spicy with a shrimp paste sauce; Fried Tofu with tomato, eggplant, green bean, carrots in a curry coconut sauce (see photo); and Pineapple Fried Rice which has chopped green beans, shrimp, squid, pineapple cubes, served in a half sliced pineapple boat. Getting hungry again writing this. Parking can be challenging in the area. there are two customer parking spots in the ally if you can get it.
"RUN, DON'T WALK TO BANANA LEAF! This Malaysian restaurant is the best in Vancouver. Our party went on the day before Valentine's Day, so we expected a wait. As we presumed, although our reservation was at 730, we weren't seated 750. The restaurant space itself is quite small, though the atmosphere is warm and full of energy. Our orders:
-Eggplant Fries: delicious! Could have eaten many more of these crispy delights covered in chili sauce.
-Roti Canai: Fresh Roti is absolutely to die for! It was fluffy and warm, though still had those flaky layers. The curry on the side was thick, nutty, and coated the roti quite nicely.
-Mango Tiger Prawns: The balance of sweet and savory are perfectly melded together in this dish. You have giant shelled prawns, bright bell peppers, tomatoes, and of course, the mango. This was all coated in a tart chili sauce.
-Assam Vegetable Curry with Tofu: The tofu in this dish was exceptionally creamy and soft, though with an almost crispy exterior. The vegetables included okra, green beans, carrots, and more. A must have with coconut rice wrapped in banana leaf.
The desserts were a huge highlight of our meal. We had the deep fried banana dessert, as well as mango sticky rice. Definitely recommend both. Did we mention the exceptional service? Due to the fact that we were seated later than expected, the banana dessert was on the house! Definitely a must come to if you are ever in Vancouver."
"This is one of my favorite Malaysian food crave. The service was good, clean establishment, no complaints. 

The food were all amazing, I ordered Mee Goreng and a Lunch special which is composed of my favorite Roti, Beef Rendang, and Vegetable Curry with rice; a great value to try for trying out Malaysian foods. I highly recommend it and I would come back again."
Good service, very tasty Thai chilly prawns (Tuesday special). You get 8 large prawns which I was really happy about. Awesome flavour!
"This was the first place I ate during a month long stay in Vancouver (I ate out at least once a day the whole time) and I think it's still my favorite.

I got the 7 course tasting menu for dinner and every single dish was incredible (except the green beans - didn't care for those).  It was a bit of a splurge for me but I'm glad I got it.  The roti canai is ridiculously good. 

I got lunch on another occasion and it was delicious and really cheap - like 7 or 8 bucks.  I love this place!"
Hard to find good Malaysian food outside of Penang. This was as good as we've had.
"I would have given this tiny gem 5 stars except for the crab.  We ordered the tasting menu for 2 but we wanted to taste the crab so we ordered it seperately.  While the sauce was great the crab was not cooked well and it was impossible to get the crabmeat out of the shell.  
However, everything else on the tasting menu was fabulous.  We had great service and if we are ever back in Vancouver we will definitely revisit this great place."
The tasting menu is just awesome & it deserves 5 stars. To say the least, it's just a great place that worths money.
We love this place! Decent price point but you get quality food. Get the singaporean laksa! Their laksa is the beeeeeeest. and the eggplant fries :) the calamari is good too. The guy with long hair is very friendly. Will definitely come back.
"There really is no excuse not to eat here and spend some hard-earned money giving it a try (not a lot or anything, prices are reasonable - just don't expect bargain food on bad white rice!)  You'll likely love it and return a lot, or you'll simply find that you do not have a taste for their type of cuisine (doubt that, but we are all different).  No matter what, you'd have a very hard time finding flaws.

We eat either at the Broadway or Denman locations whenever we visit from Seattle, 2 or 3 times a year.  And since our first time 6 years ago or so, it just flat hits it, every time.  Nothing on the menu is boring, or flabby, or poorly-done.  Favorites include the Gado Gado salad, Roti, and the Sambal veggies with okra and eggplant.  Was just at the Denman location a couple of nights ago, and the lamb shank was surprisingly generous in size, and the meat just fell away from the bone.  Nice bottle of Spanish Monastrell for $34 was a good match for our whole meal.

Staff is young, sharp, and as attentive as you might expect in a place that charged far more than their $12-$18 or so for an entree.  Decor is warm, lights are low.  Music in the Denman restaurant is very cool, eclectic, and while you might first think it's loud, it's actually just right because the room is pretty cozy/small, and your conversations would be heard by the other diners who sit quite close.  Instead, it gives it a good, sexy vibe, matching the creative flavors of the food.

It's a don't-miss in Vancouver in our opinion."
"Not bad of a place to come get some decent malaysian dishes. Ordered a chicken curry and beef rendang. not bad, although i'd have to say that they were on the saltier side. The beef rendang tasted ok, but i could somehow tell that it wasn't simmered in the sauce, but cooked separate and added together when ordered. I also ordered a Roti, which tasted good, but came cold. That was dissapointing.

On the other hand, staff was friendly, making the night quite enjoyable."
Walked in this restaurant to have a snack.  We shared the steamed mussels cooked in coconut milk and aromatics.  Loved the freshness and tastiness of their preparation.  Also ordered a special with nasi goreng, veggies, lamb, fish, chicken and a fried egg which was so flavorful.  Had a couple of orders of the eggplant fries. Delicious. I wish they had a branch near us.  This is another restaurant I highly recommend and will go back to when we visit Vancouver again.
This is our second time at this location. We had the sampler for two which is my favorite especially with the dessert at the end. Will definitely come back again for the fine spices they use!
I wanted to try Malaysian food. It turned out to be tasty and reasonably priced. The restaurant was clean and nicely decorated.
"I am in love with their Singaporean Laksa.  Completely flavorful and just right in terms of saltiness.  I like the fact that they did not mix in noodles with rice noodles for this dish like how it's supposed to.  I like it with just rice noodles and it's awesome!  The Satay is not bad either as the meat was plenty and juicy.  This restaurant get their sauces and taste right on the mark.  Nothing is overdone or watered down and the taste is intense and authentic.  The restaurant's atmosphere is cute and it's very clean.  Lunch is so cheap that I am surprised they even have a tasting menu.

I wish the Banana Leaf in my town is like this one. I am missing it already!"
"Best Nasi lemak I've ever had. 
Definitely coming back for it again! 

Although coconut rice was little too dry, it's still awesome."
"Banana Leaf is one of the best Malaysian places in Vancouver, hands down.

We came here for some takeout.  Specifically, the chicken rendang.

The location was quite packed, since it was a Fireworks night.  The foyer was cramped.  We had to work our way through to the front to place our order.  The food came quickly, in under 10 minutes.

The chicken was a bit dry, the the sauce is killer awesome.  You can taste all the herbs and coconut.  It's the real deal.

My only complaint is the price.  The food is good, but not $16 good.  $10 would be a lot more reasonable.  Because of the sardine factor, I would recommend their other locations (West Broadway comes to mind)."
"7/100
I am giving them 5 stars because I have had such difficulty finishing a meal lately., but today I left with Mee Goreng, crispy rolls and beef satay with chunky peanut sauce. It was delicious. I just gobbled it ALL down! I got some nice pics of the restaurant but cannot wait to dine in to get some great food pictures! So good!"
"From the outside, you are like, WHAT IS THIS PLACE? Cuz you can't really see inside from the street... but what awaits you inside is a dream of southeastern cuising.  Large menu with good pricing is what keep this place full, I mean FULL... always wait for a seat when I visit Banana Leaf.

I've had a few rice dishes and have been very satisfied.  It's one of the best places to eat on Denman.  Hands down.

Enjoy!"
"I have genuine dreams about eating here and it often translates into lunch rather than dinner.  Seriously, my need to eat the Sinapore Laksa borders on obsession, the coconut base with lemongrass and tons of seafood (prawn, squid, fish cake) is mouth watering. I ask for mine with extra sambal (and no chicken for me), it is literally the best thing ever.  The Roti Canai is a flaky layered type of naan that accompanies the soup well, but it a must have side for basically any dish on the menu.

There are a lot of dishes on the menu, so I'll recommend ones that I order often: Sambal Okra Eggplant and Green Bean, Tofu Goreng.  The Assam Curry Scallops are also killer.  The lychee mojito is my favourite cocktail from the bar.

If you are veg/an this restaurant can accommodate you easily, a majority of the vegetable dishes come with some form of dried prawn or paste, they are happy to cater to your dietary needs with no fuss.

The seating is semi limited so either make a reservation or avoid peak times if you are dropping in.  It is particularly busy in the tourist heavy months of the summer.  If I had to complain it would be that the veg dishes are a little expensive and sometimes the service can slow when the place is packed.

I totally recommend this place to friends from out of town!"
Honestly# the food was bit too sweet for my taste. Chicken curry was much better than mango Chilli prawns. Great service though.
"Went there to try asiatic food. The restaurant is not big, but that's good to being in a privacy atmosphere.
Waitresses were very pleasant.

I took juste a lettuce accompanied with a pastry bowl and vegetables inside. I got a spicy sauce. It was delicious ! Its supposed to be an entree but I took it as a main. 
Then I've choose a desert a Kuih Dadar.
For me its a must try ! Its a coconut crepe with gula maleka. Hummm was amazing:)"
We got the roti cani , redang beef and chicken curry with a soda to top off lunch all for less than $30. Its good I'd like to try Pisan Goreng next time because another table ordered it and it looked delish. We got there right before they closed for lunch at 245pm. They open back later for dinner.
wowzers this southeast asian joint is as good as it gets and this is coming from someone who knows what it should taste like.  we had the 7 course tasting meal with the accompanying wines and it was everything we hoped it would be.  the service is great and very attentive.  dinner was soooo good i felt the need to go back again for lunch the following day as i was craving some curry laksa.  this place can not be beat...and you will love it if you are a fan of southeast asian cuisine.  sooo good it made my toes tingle.
"Flavourful stuff.  A no-brainer when in the West End for Malaysian food! It's small, clean and smartly decorated. I can't really find anything to complain about! 

Try the roti canai. And the curried chicken. And the chicken satay. And the calamari...and..and ...and...*sigh*."
Tried the nine course meal option with the three wine pairing and would highly recommend it! Be sure to bring your appetite because the portions are healthy but not overwhelming.
"This was my first dinner in Vancouver on my recent trip and I'm so glad it was. Yelp reviewers, you did not lead me astray! Though we got there around 9 on a Friday night, there was only a 5 minute wait though the place is small. Maybe we just got lucky. There's a great ambiance inside. From the outside it doesn't look like much. Inside it was full of color, lots of little tables, yet enough space to have some privacy. It's a great date spot. The plating was nice and simple. The waitresses were friendly and the food was quick. I've been to many-a restaurants in NYC for SE Asian cuisine and this was definitely on par with the best in NYC. 

For drinks I had a thai iced tea and he had a virgin lychee mojito. My iced tea was strong and delicious, sweet but not too sweet. His mojito was so good that you didn't miss the rum. Really. 
Roti Canai: I've had really good & really bad roti canai. This was definitely one of the best I've had. The roti was thin and moist but not oily or greasy. The canai was slightly sweet, slightly spicy - perfect. 
Vegetable spring rolls: Very fresh tasting - but a bit too oily and big for me. It was like an egg roll sized spring roll. I like mine a bit smaller so the paper doesn't soak up too much oil when frying. The filling was fresh tasting though. He polished them off! 

For my main I ordered the Assam Curry Tofu & Vegetables. It was so good and not too heavy. Spicy but not overpowering. The portion was huge so I ended up only finishing half of it. I prefer my fried tofu soft in the center, not spongy like some places. This was perfectly cooked outside so it was crispy but the center was so soft. When I cut a piece of tofu in half, it almost melted, just like my favorite korean dubu. 

He got the Alaskan Black Cod in carmamelized ginger sauce platter. It sounds bigger than the main dish but it's actually smaller portioned for one person. When it arrived it certainly didn't look like a single portion! I didn't try the cod but the sauce was very good. He loved it. 

We were so full afterwards that we didn't want to even think about dessert. We walked out very happy and very full. Great food. Great ambiance. I think they do a great job of blending authentic with healthy. I would definitely recommend and definitely come back."
"A Malaysian restaurant along Denman with a large menu, good portions and decent dishes - great for casual dining in the West End. 

A friend and I went at noon and ordered off their lunch menu (very well-priced!): 
- Tiger Prawns in Gulai Sauce ($12) - delicious spices and creamy coconut sauce
- Rendang Beef & Sayur Lemak with Rice ($8) - flavourful

Yup, I'll be back sometime, or I'll try the new one on Davie :)"
Super good food and great service ! We tried the 9 course tasting menu. Meal was well paced and the servers were very attentive!
Satay Skewers were great.  I had a mixture of beef and chicken.  The Mee Goreng was good.  The service at 4 pm was excellent.
Just had an incredibly delicious meal...starting with my lychee mojito ( non alcohol) cocktail, then the peppered oysters - so so good and not heavily breaded and for my main I had the black cod with caramelized ginger sauce - wonderful and the sauce very very tasty and not overpowering. The staff were super nice and polite. My husband and I shared for desert the black rice pudding and they gave us a huge portion , we took some back to our hotel. One of the best meals I had on our vacation to the Pacific Northwest!
We tried lunch here. The service was quick. The ambiance was good. Food was tasty! We loved the Nasi Goreng, Pineapple fried rice and Fish Panggang. Would definitely recommend to anyone visiting Vancouver downtown.
This location is absolutely incredible. Every visit to Vancouver includes a visit to Banana Leaf on Denman! The roti canai is the best , and all of the curries are the perfect blend of spicy and sweet. After a few plates and drink orders, they included a free dessert! A deep fried banana and ice cream dish, which was as incredible as it sounds. See you there during my next vancity visit!
"Awesome food and one of the best in Vancouver..
Highly recommended!/
Don't miss the roti (which is similar to Kerala paratta) and the chicken curry."
"There are several ""Banana Leafs"" and I have eaten at two of them...both fantastic. The food is fresh and an adventure for anyones taste buds. If you are a foodie...check it out!!!

ps I'm in the valley...I wish we had this kind of taste adventure out here...hint hint!!!"
Banana leaf is a well managed restaurant.  Their menu, dishes, service and interior are all excellent.  Their food are not only eatable, they are also beautiful as well.   I love to see how they present their food each time when the server bring the dishs out.  They offer 8, 9 or 10 courses meal for $20, $25 or $30 a person. If you have never been here before, this will be a great way for you to try out their dishes.  Price is reasonable.
"This place was just fabulous! I'd never had Indonesian/Malaysian before, and Banana Leaf was a great foray. Every dish was bursting with the pronounced but balanced southeast Asian flavors of sweet, sour and savory!

My faves were the Singaporean laksa soup, which was basically a thin but creamy curry with rice noodles, and the sauteed green beans in a pungent, shrimpy dry sauce. 

We also ordered the papaya salad to start -- it was fresh and the dressing was great,  but I was disappointed that it was just a green salad with chunks of ripe papaya and canned pineapple in it, instead of the shredded green papaya salad one usually finds on a southeast Asian menu. The ""Abundance of Seafood"" was also a bit disappointing, as there wasn't really an abundance of seafood -- more like an abundance of sauteed onions and sauce!

I loved the cozy, colorful ambience of the place...a bit hole-in-the-wallish, but in a good way. You can definitely have an intimate casual date-night dinner here. I loved grabbing some gelato for dessert next door and walking around the cute neighborhood afterwards. You'll need the exercise after such a hearty and flavorful meal!"
Roti canai & seafood nasi lemak is super delicious! Will be back for more authentic dishes!!
The lunch set is a deal... a sample of Malay food.
I don't really know what authentic Malaysian food tastes like, but whatever we had at this restaurant was good! My point being that I can't really tell if the food was authentic, but I can tell that it was very tasty. I had a  lamb shank-based dish which I thoroughly enjoyed. The others in our group had a variety of food and, including Kung Pao chicken, which was very different from the fare we have eaten at Chinese restaurants. The mango sticky rice and fried banana dessert was very  good.  Definitely a place to visit again.
"Small place, good food, drinks and service and now takes reservations.

Ive been to this location several times,  I have a go to Malay restaurant but Banana leaf is very good.  Located on Denman not a convenient location for me so rarely come here but when I do its always a good experience.  

 On our recent visit we started with some roti canai (a must when here) and chicken satay.  The roti was delish never lets me down the chicken satay were just ok.  

We ordered pineapple margarita yummmmmy!! Though my American guest thought it was lacking alcohol we both agreed it was tasty, it was also the drink special of the day.  

For our mains we had curry boneless chicken, mixed steamed vegetables, nasi goreng fried rice, and mee goreng noodles.  Everything tasted good, some dishes with just amount out spice.  Good portions for sharing.  My favourite dish was the noodle dish mee goreng.  

Great service, we made reservation only several hours before took us in at 7:30 pm on a busy Saturday.  

I will defiantly be back."
"Visited during a recent trip to Vancouver. We stumbled upon this restaurant when looking for a Thai restaurant when the restaurant we intended to go to was closed (this restaurant is not Thai). Definitely a good find!

There was a good crowd on a Thursday night. The service was good and the atmosphere is cozy.

We ordered the 7-course sampler (available Mon - Thu only) and it offered a great variety of tasty dishes at a very good price. I've had better Roti Canai and the green beans were a little too salty, but overall we felt we had made a good choice and it was a good value. Also ordered the Mango salad and the Tofu appetizer which was also excellent."
"What can I say that's not been said in the previous reviews?

Fantastic, unique, flavour filled food in a cozy setting with good service at a great price. The Apetizer Platter for two was great, and a super value.

Next time, I'm saving room for desert. Definitely will be back."
"I don't even know how to describe how delicious this place was. After hearing so many positive reviews about it, I finally got my act together and went. All I can say is that I'm angry at myself for depriving myself from the deliciousness that is Banana Leaf for this long.
Never have been a fan of roti canai, but our table got it and of course I tried it. So amazing that I am officially a roti canai lover.
For our main courses, I got the boneless curry chicken and my mom got the abundance of seafood. They were both so mouth-watering that we still haven't stopped raving to all our family and friends about it.
On top of the wonderful food experience, the ambiance and the staff was great too. Our waiter helped us out with our food choices and was extremely helpful. 
If you're contemplating about walking into Banana Leaf, please stop thinking and just do yourself a favor and PLEASE go in!"
"I still dream of their roti, and it's been over a week since I ate here. It was absolutely delicious; crispy, piping hot, with just the perfect amount of chewiness. 

This place was high on my list of places to try in Vancouver, and it did not let me down. We stopped by for a late lunch and both my bf and I ordered dishes off their lunch menu. I had the chicken skewers with peanut sauce and the bf had a rice noodle dish. Both were delicious, although I liked my dish a little bit more.

If you're in the area, you should definitely stop by for a quick lunch or dinner. Decent prices, great location, cute decor, and good food. What more can you ask for?"
"Lunch time - no rush, no huge lineup out the door, even for a small space. Just the way I like it! And some yum specials to boot. My chicken curry ($8) and pineapple soda hit the spot and was almost the right size for me. I couldn't finish my rice, but that was likely due to the fact that I'd scarfed down some Roti Canai to start. 

And Roti brings me to my new mission: I now just need to know how other places serve it up. I've been told it should be a bit crispy and flaky, but here it was more doughy (like a wafery pancake?)"
One of the good Malaysian restaurants in town that I discovered by accident. Great fresh ingredients and service. Don't miss the Singapore laksa and the Roti Canai!
"This is one of my favourite neighbourhood restaurants. The dining room is small and somewhat cramped but I don't care. There is always a crowd in and the room is filled with conversation, always a good sign. The service is always friendly and prompt and the food is excellent for the price. The beef rendang is expecially good and I am yet to have a bad dish here. T

his is a 4* place based on the price, compared the quality of food you get for it. It is excellent casual neighbourhood dining and in a town laden with Japanese and Chinese cuisine it is great to have a different Asian alternative."
This was delicious, although a bit pricey for the amount of food you get.  I really liked the roti, mee goreng and the fried banana. This was cozy and a great spot that wasn't too crowded. Was it super authentic? No, but it's Vancouver, and not Sinapore.
Probably some of the best southeast Asian food I have had in a long time. We had the roti bread (amazing), the soft shell crab (waddup) and as entrées the mee goreng (upscale) and the mango shrimp (wicked). Aside from that the service is super friendly...just an awesome awesome place. Would 100% recommend to go there....
"My favorite menu is the roti canai.
I think their roti is best in Vancouver for me. 
The curry, shrimp with sambal sause, nashi goren are super good.
I sometimes order crab and clam which are marcket price.
They are delicious but a little expensive by this restaurant."
"Delicious food! We got the lamb shank, Kung pao chicken, mee goreng, roti canai and the calamari. All plates were delicious, full of flavor and great for sharing. The roti canai is the best na'an ice ever had! You must get that! 
We also ordered 3 drinks, and they were decent; not strong but good flavor."
Great Malaysian food. Their rendang beef curry is excellent with just the right amount of kick. I had the pisang goreng for dessert and there was enough for 2 to share and not feel shorted. No complaints.
Visited here for a late lunch, though still in time for their lunch special. The Roti Canai is really flaky but not oily, although the side coconut curry is a bit on the sweeter side. We shared the Singaporean laksa and the pineapple fried rice combo. My first time trying laksa, it's really rich and very filling, lots of noodles and seafood in the soup so really great value. The chicken satay and peanut sauce that came with the fried rice were bomb. Especially the peanut sauce, would come to order just that again. The chicken was very tender. I wasn't used to the crunchy (undercooked?) green beans in the fried rice, but overall, the flavours were well-balanced. Oh we also tried their black sticky rice pudding (?), it's huge so definitely meant to b shared. That was a little on the sweet side but I really enjoyed the texture. Very friendly waiters and shop has great atmosphere and decoration. Not sure how this compares to the other Banana Leafs, but this is some really authentic (high-class) food.
"A small, cozy restaurant with charming decor and service.

But not the place to go to for Malaysian food if you're a homesick Malaysian or Singaporean (or otherwise familiar with the cuisine).  The menu has a number of traditional Malaysian dishes, but most of these dishes are more properly described as ""interpretations"" for a Canadian customer base, rather than accurate renditions of the dishes.  See Spunkalishis S' review for more detail.

If you're not fussy and not looking for 'authentic' Malaysian food, the food at Banana Leaf is well-cooked and nicely presented (which is why I'm giving it three stars, not two), and the restaurant itself is a charming place to have a meal.  

But if you're looking for the real thing, you'll be disappointed, as we were."
"My journey to cure my Malaysian food cravings lead us to Banana Leaf.  

I tend to eat at the Broadway location, but the Denman location has daily specials and they excellent!  Mondays are Singapore Chili Crab for $9.95 and Tuesdays are Kum Keong Lobster for $14.95.

My group of 6 stopped in on a Tuesday and we were going to order 4 orders of the lobster along with some other dishes.  Unfortunately, they ran low on lobsters and only had 1 left!  Nooooooo.... The manager stepped in and offered to let us order the Monday crab special since they only had 1 lobster.  He saved the day because I ended up enjoying myself even more since there was variety.    

The crab was savoury, sweet and a little tangy.  The crab brain was a bit too bitter though so we devoured all the other parts.  The lobster wasn't too spicy and even one of my dining mates can eat it without any issues.  It was delicious, but really salty so with some rice, it was perfect.  Another stand out dish was the Sambal Fish with Green Beans.  The fish was soft and had a tangy sauce, while the green beans were cooked enough that they still retained a crunch.  

For dessert I had the Deep Fried Banana with Ice Cream and it is the best deep fried banana to this date.  The banana was coated in a crispy light coating and didn't feel as soggy or heavy as other places.  The dessert was also dusted with crushed peanuts and drizzled with gula melaka, which is sugar from coconut trees, combined with coconut milk and pudding.

Service was excellent and our server was attentive and friendly.  Our water glasses were never empty and all the staff had a smile while we ate.  I'll be back again when the next Malaysian food craving hits."
"Superb. Amazingly spiced and cooked Malaysian food.

I had the Roti for starters, which was fantastic and the Kung Pow chicken for a main which was absolutely fantastic

The service was superb and attentive without being overbearing

I will definitely be back"
Perfect - great hot and sour soup. Ribs were fall-off-the-bone delicious and flavorful,  and the rice came wrapped in a leaf folded into a perfect pyramid - nice touch!  Service was friendly and quick.
"Good food, great customer service.

Specially for this location we been coming coz if the Celine. She's such a nice person, good customer service."
We tried this place the first time three days ago and came again for our last day. So two times in five days! We ordered the lychee mojitos. They were the best I've had the lychee gives it a nice sweetness to the sourness of lime and compliments the rum. The staff was very helpful both times and specifically the first because there is a wide selection of different cuisines. I wish I took notes of the names that I ordered, but in our first time, we had the gulai seafood medley, braised short ribs, and the rice dish with dried fish, calamari, egg, and peanuts on a banana leaf. We also ordered an extra side of the coconut rice. The seafood was not over cooked and just perfect to dig into especially with the curry sauce. I think we may have ordered the last of the short ribs so thank goodness we got to try it because it was so tender right off the bone and its sauce was not at all too salty in flavor and just complimentary to the meat. The rice was the biggest surprise! I never thought it would compliment an entire meal just due to the preparation. Lastly, I also want to say that for the second time, we tried something new got the scallops in curry and the snapper fillet in banana leaf. Of course, we had to order our lychee mojitos again but oh my goodness, you really can't go wrong ordering anything in the menu. I'm really picky on how I like my seafood cooked the scallops cut like butter and tasted awesome in the sauce. The fish was so flavorful after being cooked in the banana leaf with okra. I love okra now! Overall, the food was amazing!!! Vincent (maybe, the head manager) recognized us and heard this was our last day so he gave us a complimentary banana fritter like dessert with ice cream! I don't know how we ended up finishing the whole plate after all that food I just described but the desert was not too sweet and gave a good ending to our whole experience of Banana Leaf this vacation The staff is so accommodating and friendly. Til next time Banana Leaf!
We popped by around 5:00 PM after bike riding the seawall. We didn't know that they have a happy hour. However, there were three appys on for half price and one drink for two dollars off. We tried all three: calamari, mango salad, and beef wrap. I really liked them all except the calamari. Needed to be crispier. We also ordered pineapple fried rice, fried oysters, and beef curry. The oysters were a bit heavy but everything else tasted good. They have good lunch combos and set menu samplers.
Seriously amazing. Did the 9-course tasting meal. The caramelized fish     melted in our mouths, and the roti canai was yummy. Every dish was delicious. My daughter wanted to extend our vacation in Vancouver just so we could go back and get more roti canai.
"Always great food with friendly staff ... The quality seems to be consistently great. There is a few favourites such as the Sambal Green Beans and Nasi Goreng... 

Cozy interior with warm colours to make you feel comfy while you eat."
"My family and I were tourists to Vancouver, and a nice bus driver recommended this place and talked very highly about it. He was definitely right about it being amazing! 

We had never tried Malaysian food/cuisine, and it opened up our eyes to the colourful and tasty specials. I definitely would recommend the Pineapple Fried Rice, it actually came in half of a carved out pineapple. The tasting menu was also extremely worth it for only $20 ! 

Great experience, great food."
"This summer we had a lot of out of town guests for our wedding. We gave them some suggestions for restaurants and several guests commented on how much they loved the Banana Leaf. A couple of people actually lamented that they wish there was a Banana Leaf in L.A. Too bad, guys, guess you'll just have to come back to Vancouver for your new found Malaysian food cravings. 

This Banana Leaf is the smallest out of all the Banana Leafs in town, but it definitely measures up. Try the Dragon's Eye cocktail. If you are new to Malaysian food, try one of the tasting menu. Whatever you do, make sure you order the roti canai."
"This was a decent place to come... I found Malaysian food to be very similar to Chinese food... less sweet, more spicy.  The water they brought was without ice... I would have liked ice.

Mee Goreng
Mee Goreng noodles tasted very similar to Phad Thai... Thing is that I prefer the sweetness of Phad Thai, but it was still very good.

Kung Pao Chicken
OK, nice and charred chicken.  A little heavy on the peppers and onions, however.

Sweet and Sour Pork
Very good.  Tender, bone-in loins.

Roti Canai Appetizer
Delicious flatbread with curry sauce... Definitely get two servings@

Coconut Rice
Definitely needed if you're gonna get any sauced meat dishes."
"4.5 stars.
Heard great things about this place, so decided to check it out while visiting Vancouver.
Boy am I glad we did.
I had a group of 6 people...and when we walked in they told us it would be about a 30 minute wait...turned out it was an hour..they dont really have a lot of ""group"" tables..definitely not a place for more than 4...
Very small restaurant, maybe a capacity of 30 max?
The service was a little on the slow side...but I think that was from the kitchen...our waitress was really sweet and friendly, helpful too.
Being vegetarian, when you first see the menu you think, oh theres nothing here for me to eat...until you realize...They'll make half the stuff veggie friendly...yay!!!
The Sambal Okra  was amazing as was the Sayur Lamak...We also had the Assam Curry which was very tasty.  The coconut rice was really a great way to have the curry (better than the jasmine rice).  
The lychee mojitos were FANTASTIC.  
Definitely worth the 1 hour wait for the amazingly aromatic food we had.  I can see how this place has gotten rave reviews for it's food.  I just wish they had a bigger place so that they could accomodate people faster.    Highly recommended."
We went to Vancouver last year and went to Banana Left Friday night. It was THE hot spot, very good ambiance and of course the food was trendy yet very delicious. I would definitely go back as prices were reasonable as well.
Recently visited here for date night with my boyfriend. We had a fantastic meal and a really nice experience. The restaurant setting was intimate, and the food was delicious! We really enjoyed the appetizer sampler, and our favourites of the night were the roti canai and chicken satay. We will definitely be coming back soon!
"From now on, all my starred-reviews are going to have to compete with this outrageous, brilliantly delectable food. Can I give it 7 stars??

We had just finished several miles on Mobi-bikes riding around Stanley Park (another review coming on that) and found a Mobi drop-off for the bikes on Denam and Robson. We were hungry, thirsty, and deserved a drink after riding on this on-and-off sunny/cloudy/sunny/rainy/cloudy/sunny day. Right across the street was ""Banana Leaf"" which we had targeted as a place to try while in Vancouver. Coincidence? Maybe. But I prefer to think of it as 'Good Karma' paid back to two nice people. :)

We immediately ordered Peach-Mango Bellinis because: 1) we were thirsty 2) we felt we totally deserved them 3) we're on vacation so get over it and 4) because we could. While our incredibly delicious Bellinis were being perfectly prepared, we browsed the menu. Those of you who follow my reviews know that the preferred madness to dining is to eat as much variety as possible. That usually results in splitting dishes with my partner. But this menu offered an unusual but divinely inspired option: sampler menus for two. You can choose from 7 courses, 8 courses, or the seemingly gluttonous 9 courses, each with a different mixture of appetizers, entrees, and a dessert. My partner balked at the 9 courses, (preferring the 7 course option) which would give us the best sampling. What is one to do when faced with an opposing view? I ordered us another round of Bellinis, and we engaged in a logical discussion where I explained the logic of how we could take the leftovers back to the rented flat where we had a refrigerator. We will never know if to was the logical argument or the second Bellini but we ended up compromising on the 8 courses. It was a good solution.

The first appetizer was a salad with fruits, greens, and I'm not sure what else. That was followed by mussels cooked in a curry sauce. It was one of the most exquisite taste experiences of all time. A perfect use of curry as a flavor enhancer, not over-powering the food. The third appetizer was the best chicken satay we have ever, let me repeat that, ever, eaten anywhere. And we have had many a chicken satays my friends. Then the entrees arrived, all in small servings perfectly dished out for two people. A large serving of jasmine rice accompanied the 1) asparagus with baby scallops and little shrimps, 2) mango chili-tiger prawns (droopingly delicious 3) sockeye salmon in a coconut curry (again, divine use of curry as a flavoring) and 4) pork spare ribs that melted in your mouth. The glaze was over-the-top scrumptious. Then came the dessert, a green-tea crepe with toasted coconut wrapped inside in a light caramel coconut sauce. 

Listen. Can you hear it? The moaning of pleasure? That is us, rethinking this lunch. It was the best meal we've eaten in many years. I mean many years. We've had good food in lots of places, pre-Yelp years included, but this was one of the gems."
We had a wonderful 7 course tasting dinner tonight for ONLY $18 per person. Started with Papaya and Pineapple Asian Salad, Calamari, Roti Canai. Followed by Assam Curry Fish Fillets, Rendang Beef Curry and Sambal Green Beans, finished off with Pisang Goreng (Fried Banana's with Icecream). Everything was excellent except the Calamari which was just so-so. As I told my Mom, we'd probably pay $18 for just one dish back home (San Francisco). I also ordered the wine pairing which at $12 was a pretty good value too!  Service was quite good also and we had enough left over for dinner tomorrow too! :)
"We just got back from a truly memorable dinner at the Banana Leaf on Denman. The atmosphere is relaxed and the service was quick and attentive. We took advantage of Happy Hour and enjoyed sharing a couple of appies - the eggplant fries stole the show. Many of the items on the dinner menu carry a ""pepper"" beside them to indicate a spicy dish. We both enjoy skillfully used spices, but hate spice used to numb your taste buds. The entree that we shared carried the pepper label but it was mild enough that you could enjoy the flavors of the ingredients  (in our case, seafood) skillfully interacting with the spices.  It was absolutely delicious and such a  refreshing change from that mouth-on-fire feeling the you often get. Cheerful staff, wonderful setting and service, reasonable prices, and fabulous food. What more do you want from a dining experience? !?"
"Really love the food here! Its a very small place and they don't take reservations so it's better not to go in prime time because you will be stuck waiting in line. I usually order a take out!
Everything I tried was amazing!
Definitely check it out!"
My friend recommend this restaurant to me and told me they have the best HaiNan chicken in Vancouver. The food is overall good. The chicken is very soft and delicious.
"A dinner of Mee Goreng that left me swooning, not sweating; whatever they do to their spice palette is fantastic. It's the type of spice that hits hot but tapers off before your bite is done. Perfect for me as I loathe the lingering burn that sometimes accompanies a spicy dish. 

The thing about Banana Leaf and other yummy Asian fare is that you definitely have to be with dining companions that compliment your style of dining. For me, its an injustice to forgo family style. A plate of Mee Goreng is fantastic on it's own, but it's so much better when shared and therefore, have an abundance of other dishes to taste. I guess you could say I'd go family style anytime, anywhere! Who's with me on that?"
Excellent place. Ordered mee goreng and it was just like how I had in Penang, Malayasia. My husband had allergies to seafood and was looking for a hot soup. They made a special soup that was not in the menu and it was amazing. Excellent customer service and food.
"Oh I wish this restaurant was a little bigger.  Have given up a few times to fight the lines.  

The Roti Canai is superb as is the Rendang Beef and the Laksa.  The flavoours are packed into the generous portions.  Decent service and good prices.


Highly recommend the lunch specials and/or take out if you want to avoid the long wait."
Excellent food. Friendly staff. Overall, great experience. I went twice in my 1 week stay in Vancouver! It was definitely worth it.
"I really enjoyed the food.....they have a few locations.  Ive been to 2 locations so far, the Denman location and the Davie location.  No reason I decided to write the review at this particular location .  

So far Ive had the Roti Canai....awesome flatbread kind of appetizer. Its kind of like a croissant but flat, it comes with this awesome curry sauce to dip in or shovel down your mouth. 

Pineapple fried rice:  Fried rice served in a split open pineapple.....awesome presentation!   This was delicious!

Ipoh Char Hor Fun:  Flat rice noodles with seafood such as shrimp, mushrooms, fish cake, squid, veggies in a tasty sauce.  I wished the sauce was a little thicker than runny, it definitely floods your plate. So I sopped it up with some rice.  

Service was good at both locations, I didnt have any issues.  Price was what I expected too.  Ill definitely be back!  

Hooray for Malay!!

Happy Malay'n!!!"
"Love the real asian cuisine flavor !!!

Once I back to visited in vancity, this is the place for home flavors!!!"
"Crowded, dark, small, long wait - but it's all worth it.  Excellent food, period!

We walked along the street looking for a place to eat, but decided to go inside this plain looking restaurant with a poster of three sexy exotic women holding tropical drinks and trays of fruits.  

We had the following:

Light salad - tangey with sprinkle of peanuts, mixed greens, tomatoes, two red and green bell peppers, cucumbers, cantelope, and pine apple - nice start.

Appetizer sampler:  $16 with enough for 2
spring rolls - okay, not great
calamari - ok
roti- ok
chicken sate - we loved it (moist and perfectly cooked)
appetizer served with 3 different kinds of dipping sauces.  One is soy based, the other is peanut curry, and we don't know what the third was.

Papaya and pumpkin seafood soup was flavorful.  There was a lot of ginger in it to warm us up.  There was 1 oyster, 1 clam in the clear broth.  It tasted sweet and spicy without the msg taste.

For the main course, we had prawn  and chicken.... They were all good and memorable.. Because the food was so enjoyable, I forgot to take further notes and enjoyed our evening eating and partying.  

FOOD - Excellent
SERVICE - good
LOCATION - safe location, but the restaurant is small so plan on waiting if you come in a large group.
PARKING - street parking. 

We will definitely come back to this place to try other dishes."
Don't let the exterior fool you - this place is very good. Good service, great food and prices.  Catch them for lunch or happy hour for an even better deal.  Lots of seafood.  I hit the ribs and loved them.
"I have been going to Banana Leaf for several years. I have gone for both sit-down meals and takeout. I have gone to all four locations of Banana Leaf but I think that the Denman location is the best. It is smaller and more intimate. I also find that it's less busy and less noisy, especially compared to the Kitsilano location.  The Davie location is new and I also like that one as well.

I would recommend the following items:

Appetizers:
- Satay - Chicken, Beef, Pork, Lamb (you can get an assortment(
- Roti Canai (this is a must, get a few orders, you'll love it!)
- Tofu Goreng (I love the sweet chili sauce that goes with the tofu)

Main Courses:
- Alaskan Black Cod in Caramelized Ginger Sauce with ""Kicap Manis"" (the first time I had this, it was excellent; the second time, the fish was not as fresh as I had hoped)
- Nasi Goreng (this is an amazing fried rice dish)
- Sambal Chili Fried Okra, Eggplant & Green Bean

Dessert:
Kuih Dadar -(being a coconut fan, this is an excellent coconut crepe)"
"Food is great but it taste too smooth it did look, smell and taste what you can have in malaysia or singapore but it lacks a little bit of chilli.
Toilet is clean.
You can have lunch for or under 10$."
"I like Banana Leaf generally, and this place is as good as the other locations. It's a bit on the small side, but they put good effort into making the ambiance nice despite the small size, and the staff is very friendly.

It's the same fun food and pretty good prices as the other locations, too, with nice set and tasting menu options. I went with my sister recently and we had the eggplant fries (surprisingly delicious), the ginger honey tea (that stuff has some real kick), a kind of spinach curry, and I had the Kung Pao chicken, which was delicious as always."
We had the 9 course tasting menu for two and would not order it again.  I enjoyed the sambal green bean in dried shrimp sauce, black cod in caramelized ginger sauce, scallops & prawn in gulai sauce, chicken satay, and roti canai, but did not enjoy the steamed mussels or rendang beef curry.  The pisang goreng was also way too heavy.
"It always my favorite restaurant! 
I went to few banana leaf in Vancouver, however I aways come back to this one.   
I never get a bad dish from here and everything taste great!
I love the stuffs there! They are so nice and they know when to come. A great costumer service will give you a great environment to enjoy the food.  
Last time I went there with my husband and we orders the dinner meals for two. It was so much food! The mongo sales are so fresh, I can tests the summer! The cod fish is the best! So yummy and so much favors! The seafood are well prepared and fresh like just from the ocean! The beef curry an beans were a bit spicy for me, but my husband love it! The four main dish just a great balance! Oh my god the fried banana with ice cream! It always makes my day! In the middle, the waiter always come the right moment to take the empty place, ask about the food or add water! I don't feel them but enjoy the great service! The services make the biggest different between this place and others! 
Of course they have other great food there too! Like pineapple rice or the shrimp! Go a head, u won't order any bad dish! 
Love it and they are the best!"
The food is good but their customer service is horrible. They're so mean and rude here
"ok, let me start by saying that i live in ny.  and we have some pretty great malaysian food here, so my viewpoint might be different if you have never had this before.

the food was tasty.  exceptional?  no.  but it was good.

we got the roti canai (bread awesome, sauce ok).  the belacan (okra, string beans and eggplant in a shrimp paste sauce - usually my favorite dish.  this was good but not amazing.)  and char kuey teow ( a noodley concoction).

like i said, if you want malaysian, and you cant get it many places, this is a good option.  but if you have access to an amazing spot, you might want to skip this one."
The food here was delicious! It wasn't much to look at on the outside, but the inside is quite nice. I had no idea what to order, and the waitress was a great help. I would definitely go back again. The spicy crab was delicious. I don't remember everything I ordered, but everything was great.
I love this place. Great food. Want to give 5 stars but the cocktail that we ordered spoilt it. The lemon they used was not fresh. I would definitely come back though.
Excellent roti canai, rendang, pineapple fried rice and nasi lemak. As a Malaysian, I think it comes very close to a good Malaysian fare. I would have given it 5 stars if not for their not carrying the most important dessert in Malaysia - ice kacang.
"As for a Southeast asian restaurant I find the food - very good, especially the Spicy Crab!   Again I had better, there was once a Malaysian/Indonesian Restaurant on Davie St called Nonya BaBa, the food was Amazing & Out of This World!!! I would Rate it 10 Stars!!!  I still miss it after it's been gone for 12 years!  I & all my friends enjoyed it for 15 years then it disappeared.  Any one remember this Reataurant? 
Well, Banana Leaf will just do for now.... it's good."
In the city for a conference and tried Malaysian food here tonight. Had their sampler dinner. It was amazing; great service and very good food. Loved the shrimp curry, mussels in cumin broth, mango salad and yummy fried banana for dessert. Definitely worth the price!
"Banana Leaf is a good place to have more exotic Asian food. It's safe and easy to try stuff. It can get pricey but is generally worth it.

The roti is always good and don't forget the chicken rice. The chicken and seafood dishes are particularly good. It's a friendly, casual, easygoing pace to enjoy some Malaysian food. The staff is friendly and helpful with any questions or suggestions.

All in all, the Banana Leaf is a cool place for some good food and a pretty decent dining atmosphere."
"The array of Golden Plate stickers and other adornments on the outside of this small place on Denman St. don't lie. The food here is absolutely awesome. It can be quite busy and you may have to wait a bit, but once you're seated you can choose from a fairly wide menu of Malaysian delicacies.

From my point of view, you absolutely have to try a couple of things if you eat here. Firstly, the roti canai. Soft, flaky, hot roti served with a spicy dip - I could live off the stuff. Secondly - the eggplant dish with oyster sauce. Wonderful. Sit in the cozy space with a refreshing Singha beer and enjoy the aromas and flavours - many of the dishes are easily shareable if you go with friends. There's more to taste where that came from, including great Nasi Goreng and Mee Goreng, prawn dishes (super spicy chili or milder, sweeter mango versions), a tasty dish with beans, beef Rendang... it goes on. There really isn't a weak spot on the menu! Lots available for vegetarians too.

The staff are friendly, and it doesn't take too long for your dishes to arrive - both likeable aspects when it comes to service. 

Highly recommended! They also have a bigger, slightly fancier-looking location on Broadway, but if you're in the Denman area this is one of the real standouts."
Because I dint eat spicy you'll see my dish strange. But know its not because of the lack of tates for the there star rating.  The salmon was not soft but overly dry.  The steamed veggies had no decor either. Sauce should not be the only taste in a dish. It wasn't bad though.
"Was finally able to visit this location!  During my time there, the two-person staff were attentive and accommodating.  The food was delicious and they even had drink specials that evening.  The curry was a bit too spicy for my palette, and the manager gave us free ice cream to help cool me down.  How nice!  A short distance from the beach makes this location a great date night place.

This review is based on my personal experience and all statements made herein reflect my personal opinion only. Your experience may be completely different."
Definitely one of the best East Asian places in the West End.
"I feel like I have to write a review just for the service we had. While it ended a little slow (they got really busy) our servers were fabulous, cute, fun, peppy and awesome. I think I'd go there just to hang out with the servers. 

Our food was also great (awesome in fact) the four of us shared the lunch for two (or rather two lunches for two). Really lovely, the food was great, fast and tasty. 

The meal is a little on the pricy side just for lunch, but if you're like me and have a huge lunch it's worth it....food coma here I come!"
This place is one of my go-tos after spending time at English bay! The service is great, they're welcoming, and accomodating. I recommend the 7 course menu - so much food for a decent price! This is the Assam curry seafood that's part of the 7 course, which was my favourite. However the music was really loud for a duration of our meal, but the staff quickly turned it down the moment we mentioned it.
"GET SAMBAL.

so i'm  used to sambal olek from the asian grocery store back home, this is totally different.  this hot sauce is more like the sauce you get at vietnamese restaurants, homemade, with some kind of anchovy paste in it.  it is awesome, stinky, spicy goodness.

so walked in here on a whim, wanted some roti canai.  what a nice surprise.  roti good, little doughy, not flaky enough but plenty of it.  then the string beans were awesome and so were the flat noodles.  almost like a chow fun.  but sambal makes it all good.  the service was good and they have lunch specials.  it was quite a good boost before we walked all the way to richards for our thai massages.  don't get the iced tea thought - waaaaaay too sweet."
We were staying at a hotel nearby and just happened to stumble upon this restaurant and am so glad we did.  We had delicious appetizers and I ordered a lemongrass/ginger cold beverage that was incredible.  I probably could have stopped with the appetizers and been happy, but my husband and I shared a main course.  The restaurant is small and filled up quickly.  Service was excellent and food was delicious.
prompt, hosptable service and exquisitely taty Malaysian food. We ate the 9 course sampler for two because we could not make up our minds what to order. The roti canai, beef rendang, steamed mussels and blackened cod were aong the best we have ever tasted, and the sampler delightfully combined the flavors of Chinese, Indian and Malay cuisine as we came to know them while living on the Malayan Peninsula. We will return to sample all of the items on this menu!
"My husband - who is from Indonesia - and I dropped in here one night for dinner. I've spent 10 years living & working in Indonesia & Malaysia, so we both know good Malaysian food when we taste it. We were both craving some great South East Asian food but walked away somewhat disappointed, unfortunately. 

The roti canai was great (we ordered extra after tasting it), as was the gulai with shrimp & scallops - amazing actually, with a generous serving of beautiful shrimp & scallops which looked gorgeous in its bowl - but the stuffed tofu and gado gado were *seriously* lacking in flavor. When we asked for extra fresh sambal we were given sambal terasi, which was really heavy on the fermented shrimp paste. Not at all what we were expecting or wanting. Sambal terasi is well suited to other dishes, but not at all the ones we had ordered. 

The peanut sauce served with the gado-gado was  plentiful but tasted nothing like peanut sauce in Malaysia OR Indonesia, which should be sweetened using kecap manis or gula merah (a type of solid, compressed, black sugar). When we asked for kecap manis to fix the flavor up a bit, nobody had a clue what we were talking about. They thought we wanted mayonnaise. WTF?!? Kecap manis is an extremely thick, rich, sweet, black soy sauce very common to South East Asian countries, and readily available in Asian supermarkets in Canada. Which we explained to them. They tried to tell us it wasn't available in Canada. Not true. This is a staple in our own kitchen that we buy regularly since we moved back to Canada a few years ago. Good peanut sauce is absolutely essential for a good gado-gado. This peanut sauce just ruined the dish altogether, unfortunately. 

The stuffed tofu was made with very soft tofu that was incredibly bland/yucky & was not battered and deep fried as stuffed tofu should be (normally called tahu isi) Super disappointing. I personally couldn't eat it. My husband managed to force it down. It also had the oddest thin, watery sauce served over top of it that did little to add to the bland flavor. 

Not to mention that NOTHING was served on actual banana leaves, also readily available in Canada. Ironic, considering the name of the restaurant. 

We were told by the man from Hong Kong running the place that they more or less dumb down the food for Canadians, meaning you're not going to be getting authentic rendang here - for example. Which is really too bad, because authentic Malaysian food is incredible in both flavor & texture. Ironically, the Malaysian food in Hong Kong is far better than half of what we came across here. 

Overall, it could've been worse, and it was most definitely leaps & bounds better than ANY Indonesian restaurant in the lower mainland - all of which are absolutely horrifically terrible - but it was still incredibly disappointing for my husband, who was the one who ordered the offending menu items. We might return here, but will definitely avoid the menu items I mentioned that were seriously lacking, along with the rendang & *everything* served with peanut sauce. 

It would be nice if restaurants in the Lower Mainland would stop dumbing down the incredible variety of international foods we have available here. Having owned a restaurant in Indonesia myself which I ensured had many many local village foods on the menu, I know that if you make & serve the food as it should be, people WILL love it. They also become far more educated in regards to the cuisines of different countries."
"Ok after several visits to Banana Leaf I am upgrading it to a 5 star.  The Roti Canai is still awesome.  However everything here I mean everything here hits it out of the park. 
The Laksa
The Seafood curry
The Rendang
The lettuce wraps.  

Can not wait me to get some more."
"Finally a meal that delivers what it advertises - fresh, Malaysian, great spices and diverse influences.  I was beginning to wonder after a few sub-par meals over the past few weeks if I was doomed to bad food and service and need to stay at home more.  

Great tasting menu for $28. I was stuffed after eating the Deep Fried Banana Fritters with Vanilla Ice Cream (Pisang Goreng) topped with Gula Melaka sauce.  The appetizers included chicken satays, mussels in a coconut cream sauce, roti canai and calamari.  The salad course was a Papaya & Pinapple Green Salad with Crushed Peanut.  The mains included Alaskan Rock Cod with Carmalized Ginger Sauce and the Rendang Beef Curry.  All tasty and well prepared.

Good flavours, good portions, good friendly efficient service.  Left very full and satisfied."
Cozy, small, comfortable. Attentive staff. Lychee mojito had great flavors.  Satay appetizers were delicious and the sauce was great.  The scallop curry was kinda one-dimensional - overpowered by tomato, no complexity or subtlety in the flavor. But overall a good dining experience and good value.
"Nice space with a comfortable and relaxing ambiance that other restaurants should copy. Have the roti canai to start it's yummy and the young coconut served in husk is nice. The selection of dishes I've had is limited but the seafood soup is nice and... oh never mind just order 5 rotis :)

The only complaint I have is the parking since the West End is a nightmare."
Came here for lunch - the food was amazing, the service quick and friendly and the wine selection was great. I had the roti/beef curry lunch special. Can't wait to return.
This is a great place no matter what you are looking for; dinner, lunch or take out, I have tried it all and never got disappointed!
Easily five stars. The service and food were both excellent. Highly recommend the 7-course lunch and Malaysian brunch options. Extraordinary flavors.
I really don't know why this place gets the reviews it does.  Sure it was tasty, but it was no better than the cheap MSG-doused Chinese places I used order from back in northcountry new york - and about 4 times the price.  I really expected more, and probably should not have used yelp reviews to guide my parent's entry into asian cuisine.  Maybe dining in is a different experience, but for take-out it gets about a C+ in my book.
"Surprisingly good. I was afraid that food from my part of the world would disappoint but it didn't. 

We had sambal vegetables, sambal prawns and pineapple fried rice. Obviously it was the sambal I was craving, but in the end it was the fried rice that was our favourite, so light and fluffy and chock-full of ingredients. The sambal is a little too sweet for my liking, but it was still authentic and tasty for sure.

Lovely for a special date night."
"This place is really good. I've been here a couple of times, and always enjoyed what I've ordered. However, be careful of the spiciness. The first time I ordered, my mouth was on fire for the night (and I'm a fan of spicy foods). The hot items are HOT! (or maybe I'm just a wimp). 

Regardless, this places is reasonably priced, the food is good, and it's at a great location downtown! If you like Malaysian food, this place is a must!"
A favorite in my neighborhood, eat in or take out you won't go wrong! Average pricing for great fare!  Service is good!
"One of the best restaurants in Vancouver (food wise).

Having just spent a couple weeks in Singapore on a foodie adventure I returned to Banana Leaf with a new perspective afterwards.  It held up quite well indeed.

They do an excellent job here of Roti Canai with curry sauce and Rendang Beef.  Other dishes are quite good as well but those would be the two I'd hi-light and suggest giving a go of."
"Came to the westend outlet of Banana leaf after over 2 years and the place still impressed us.

We went for the 33$ pp 9 course meal which has a salad, roti canai, chicken satay, mussels as openers followed by an entre quartet of sambal beans with shrimp, seafood curry, beef rendang and ginger sable fish, served with a side of turmeric rice. 
Dessert was fried banana and accompaniments but they kindly switched that out to mango sticky rice as that's my husband's favorite.

The food was consistently good and left us stuffed to the point of needing to be rolled out of the restaurant.

A small cozy restaurant, that understands the importance of attentive service that doesn't translate into hovering , muted but audible music was enough to lend to the ambience but not force loud conversation.

A very pleasant evening has put this place on our regular go to list! 

We will be back soon."
I wanted to give my friends a taste of the Malaysian peninsula, and this place's convenient location downtown facilitated that nicely.  The tasting menu for 2 is definitely off the chains - you get a little bit (more than enough) of everything, so you really do not have to choose what you want.  The tiger prawns were amazing - are those indigenous or are they imported?  The pisang goreng was more like bananas tempura, but you cannot hit a homerun on every pitch.
Really tasty food!  Very small restaurant but has an eccentric feel to the place. They make the best out of the small space they have. It reminded me of going to a lounge. My husband got the guava juice, which was tasty but a bit too sweet for me. I got the fresh young coconut juice, served in a coconut  which was a fun drink. Not only do you drink the juice, but you get to scoop out the soft tasty coconut which can be a bit messy, but I was inexperienced. The food was very good. The service at this location was better than the one on Broadway. Another difference between this location and the broadway one is the menu is a bit shorter.
Tried roti kanai and chicken curry.. The food was good and not very pricey for the location . Good choice for a quick Malaysian fix
Went there on Saturday night, had the 9 course tasting menu - superb! Everything was delicious.  Service was great!  Will go back and recommend to friends.
"Advertises itself as the ""best Malaysian cuisine"" but what other Malaysian restaurants are there here in town? Having said that it is an awesome place. 

Great low lighting inside and Malaysian art on the walls. Staff is fun and friendly. Has Asian beers, too. Try the Nasi Goreng (fried rice) or Mee Goreng (fried egg noodle)  for sure. 

Oh, yeah, order the fried banana and ice cream (which is not on the menu) for dessert."
"Great Asian food spot in the west end of Vancouver!

Would eat there again and again!"
"I was raised in Singapore so trying new Malaysian food always hits me in the feels. At this spot, i was beyond blown away, and I will definitely come back without a doubt. The place itself was a little smaller and intimate of a restaurant with a nice darker wood decor & feel. Since I'm not a local, i decided to try the 11 course tasting menu as it had a few dishes that I really wanted to have - Beef rendang & roti. All the succulent seafood was defintely a plus. This really knocked my socks off so hard that I'm going to go into detail about each dish.

guava sangria - delicious but the guava was a tad overpowering
Pineapple seafood fried rice - A little sweet & ""pineappley"" overpowering the dish, but if you're a avid fan of pineapples, you'll love it

11 course tasting menu:
Mango Kerabu - Excellent young mango salad. Perfect balance of fish sauce & deep fried shallots to round out the dish

Malaysian Roti Canal - Perfectly crisp paired with an excellent curry dipping sauce

Chicken Satay Skewer - Very well grilled with the meat staying moist, the flavor was great but a little mild

Cumin Mussels - Amazing mussles swimming in a light green curry-coconut milk type broth. I was literally drinking the leftover broth like soup

Assam Curry Scallops - Delicious scallops that were tender swimming in a potent red curry like broth. I used this curry with my extra rice & it was excellent

Grilled Lemongrass Garlic Giant Prawns - I got the biggest prawn out of my group and it was a little overcooked, but I'm guessing it was to compensate for the size, everyone elses was perfectly done. I could tell the prawn itself was really fresh and the flavoring used was beyond amazing. Dont be afraid to lick/suck/however you want to sexually get the flavor from the shells into your mouth. its very worth.

Peppercorn garlic butter lobster tails - This lobster was by far one of the most juicy and flavorful lobster i've had to date. It was SUPER fresh and cooked for the perfect duration. its served still on the shell and its been battered & deep fried as a whole. Personally, the batter was a bit thick and it took away from the freshness of the lobster, but it was overall still a great dish

Carmelized Giner Sablefish - BEST ITEM ON THE TASTING MENU. If I can order this on the menu seperately, i would do it without a doubt next time. The fish was deep fried in a light batter, and topped with liquid crack. It was so perfectly balanced & I dont think this can be done any better, only if the pieces served were bigger.

Beef Rendang - Solid beef rendang. Nothing negative to say about it, and served with rice wrapped in a banana leaf. The rice took on a little additional flavor from the banana leaf and the beef was perfectly tender

Sambal Okra, green bean & eggplants - Well done dish with no complaints. The sambal was not overpowering and the okra was very fresh


Pisang Goreng - Reminds me of the fried plantains in brazilian BBQ resturants. Bananas deep fried in a light batter served with ice cream and topped with peanuts. The only negative part of the whole meal is the vanilla ice cream tasting a little cheap.

By far the best Malaysian dish I've ever had and I will without a doubt be back. If anything, this is going to be my #1 date spot of choice to take a girl on a nice dinner if I'm back in town again!"
My favourite Asian restaurant in Vancouver. You can't go wrong with their menu. So flavourful and delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant. I tried so many things there but what i would recommend to have a good idea about their food is to try their tasting menu soooo delicious.
Flavors extraordinaire! I wish I had more time and ability to try everything! Great portions, great service, fantastic foods! I will be back!
"How do you rate a place with a crazy directionless wait, a couple yummy dishes, and then a flop of a dish?

To start, we get to the door and are completely confused about what to do.  People just look at you as you ask about a host/ess.  Finally someone might take pity on you and tell you to put your name up on the chalkboard behind you, but not necessarily on which side.  Eventually some people will leave and the hostess will come by and look at the list.  We got there around 8 and didn't get seated until 30 minutes or more later.  Which isn't bad, but you don't really have a clear idea and no one is very helpful.

We ordered the Papaya & Pineapple Salad and Chicken/Lamb Satays.  These dishes were tasty and had us looking forward to our main course--Rendang Beef.  Luckily we asked for Coconut rice, because it helped drown out the crazy spice level of the beef.  I'm ok with some level of spice, but this was too hot to enjoy the flavors.  On top of this, the beef was not as tender as it should have been for being in a stew-like dish.

The service was friendly once we were seated, and the atmosphere is interesting (although people staring at you from the waiting area is a little unnerving) . . . but I don't know if I would go back."
"As an out-of-towner here with locals, I must say that we all enjoyed this food immensely. We got there at 6ish and didn't have to wait long for a table, but it's a small place and I imagine there's usually a wait. For what it's worth, we were still chatting after we paid the bill and the waitstaff gently pressured us to leave, which I thought was fair, given the size of the restaurant.

We ordered the tiger prawns in sambal sauce, a flat-rice-noodle dish
the fried spicy calamari appetizer, and green beans. I can't vouch for any meat dishes, because we ordered fish and veggies, and all of that was good.

The location is on a fantastic strip of restaurants and bakeries near the beach, so that was nice too."
"Any restaurant that endures my two young sons at their crankiest deserves some praise.  The staff was friendly and professional throughout. 
I' m not a fan of curry, so I selected the lamb, one of the few curry-free dishes on the menu. Tasty, but not completely satisfying. I wanted the portion to be larger. Overall, a good experience."
This was not bad, but not great.   A fairly rubbery roti canai with a too thick coconut gravy came out first.  These aren't even in the same league as those  at Bo Laksa King (best) in East Van or Tamarind Hill (next best)  in North Van.  I actually sent the first order back.  Next up was a petty average Char Kway Teow.  The squid was not as fresh as it could have been, and the base note of garlic fried in lard, so prevalent in the hawker stalls in Malaysia and Singapore, was totally missing.  Not enough sweet dark soy for my taste either.  It was all kind of...  bland.   That is until I asked for some sambal to flavor it up.  What came was a truly brilliant sambal, homemade and redolent of fermented shrimp and chili.  This cup of goodness saved the day!  Not on the menu, but ask for it.  I really got the sense that this was average for Malaysian food.  For my money, Bo Laksa King or Tamarind Hill are much more authentic and flavorful.  This does make a good alternative to the donair and pizza by the slice places in the neighborhood though.  Even an average Char Kway Teow is better than none!
"I love this place! I always come here whenever I'm in Vancouver (: they also have multiple location. 

The food here are delicious! (I uploaded some of the items we ordered) 

Tips: This particular one seems to be always busy since it's near by the beach, def make a reservation if you want a guaranteed seat, but there's a nearby location anyways incase the wait is long."
"While traveling through the Pacific Northwest, we stayed in Vancouver's West End. There were so many dining choices along Denman street and we chose this place based on Yelp reviews. It was fantastic! We arrived for an earlier dining time and were seated promptly. By the end of our dinner, the place was full.

Everything we ate was delicious, but I cannot remember exactly what I ate because it was over a week ago. When we come back to Vancouver we will certainly come here again."
"Wow - I love this place! The food quality is high, and very delicious. They have a wide variety of spicy and mild food options, as well as vegetarian or meat lovers! I had the lettuce wraps and they were AMAZING!!! The service was quick and friendly, the decor was beautiful, and the overall atmosphere was great. I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu!

Pricing was very fair for the quality of food - I would probably even pay a little more! It was honestly a party in my mouth!"
"Good lord, just go now!

I am a freak about Asian cuisine.  I eat it most of the time.  And this is some of the best I've had.  Ever.

I just got home and it was a wondrous occasion.  I also was able to try a lot because I was part of a group of 8.

Firstly, I have to just mention logistics: most places put drinks on the back of their menu, but they always ask you for drinks first.  This place doesn't make that silly error: they start you with drinks, then appetisers, then mains.

OK, now that I've gotten that out of the way... the ambiance in the place is quaint, but elegant.  Like a really nice Thai restaurant.  It was also notable that they had a curtain for our party to shield us from the light of the kitchen.  We got there at 17:15 with no reservations and they were able to seat us no problem.  The place filled up by 18:00, though; we got in at the nick of time.

I wasn't really all that hungry, but that didn't stop me from sampling the delicious fare surrounding me.  Being seated next to the kitchen was actually nice because of the great smells coming out of the place.

So, what did we have?

Best Singapore Sling I've had; usually they're too sweet or imbalanced in certain ways (too much grenadine, too much gin, etc. etc.)  This was fantastic.  The calamari appetiser wasn't chewy: it had a great batter on it (not too much) and a gorgeous dipping sauce that was sweet and slightly spicy.  The fried tofu appetiser was quick-fried, firm on the outside while soft on the inside.  The flavours of all the sauces and the vegetables were yummy.  The green beans were more than just green beans and sambal (paste made of chilis and dried shrimp and salty-sweet-spicy awesomeness), it included okra and eggplant as well.

My friend ordered the best hot and sour soup ever as well. Seriously.  It was vegetarian, to boot.  Slightly spicy, lots of black vinegar, and the mushrooms in it were rockin.  The papaya salad was also very tasty and tangy with sweet overtones from the ripe papaya.  The skewers were soft and charred very nicely; the peanut sauce dip was good but not amazing.  It was still a nice complement to the yummy meat-on-sticks (both the lamb and chicken were quite good).

For the mains, the garlic shrimp and the shrimp sambal were a great helping of very large prawns.  I was a big fan of the sambal at this place.  I had the Char Kway Tiao was smoky, salty, sweet with a lot of different seafood (shrimp, calamari) in a kecap manis-laded rice noodle and a bit of fried egg in there.  Think pad see-ew only way better.  My wife had the pasta which consisted of a spaghetti-like noodle with a lot of clams, mussels, shrimp, calamari.  The galangal and lemongrass helped the coconut milk, but didn't overpower anything.  It could have been spicier, but we didn't order it that way.

The service was prompt, not over powering, but not lacking.  Just right.  They split up our cheque and it was very easy.

Totally.  Frickin'. Awesome.   I am looking forward to my leftovers SO much."
"Prolly 4.5 stars -- will explain why the 1/2 star deduction.

Came here for dinner Friday night with my cousin and a few of her friends. What was to be a group of 8 dwindled to a group of 4, then expanded to a group of 6. Despite that, the waitresses were really nice about letting us keep our extra table that we technically didn't need until the end of the meal when the last 2 arrived.

There's a 7 course tasting menu for 2 for $25. We ordered that and supplemented it with a few other dishes like the bean sprouts salad, mussels, roti canai, fried rice, and the black rice pudding. 

What came with the tasting menu was:
1) Papaya & Pineapple Salad 
2) and 3) Roti Canai & Vegetable Spring Rolls; Chicken Satay: quite tasty, especially the roti canai. The roti was a nice crisp and had an airy texture to it.
4) Sambal Green Bean, Eggplant & Tomato: the green beans had a good al dente feel to them and the accompanying sauce was delicious! 
5) Abundance of Seafood in Gulai Sauce -- DELICIOUS!!! The okra in the dish was fantastic, the sauce was YUMMY!!! 
6) Rendang Beef: mmmm, the curry and coconut milk worked well with the beef which was tender. 
7) Pisang Goreng  (fried banana): delicious. just eat it, no questions.

And the additional dishes we ordered to supplement:
1) Gado-Gado (Cooked bean sprouts tofu salad with potato & cucumber, topped with egg & satay sauce): FANTASTIC!!! This was the first time I had this dish, and hopefully not the last! 
2) Steamed Mussels in Cumin & Ginger Sauce with Coconut Milk; mussels you can't go wrong with, but this sauce was delicious. I think I might have scooped up a few spoonfuls and splurped it down.
3) Roti canai: yes, we ordered another roti canai. That's how much we loved it.
4) Nasi Goreng: Malaysian fried rice. Just simply delicious.
5) Pulut Hitam (black sticky rice) and here's where they lost the 1/2 star. It was fine but the black rice was a bit too glutinous and chewy to me. At that point, the fried banana and accompanying vanilla ice cream captured my attention. 

All of that and 3 bottles of wine for less than $60 each, including tip."
"malay-yay

Since moving here, I've been to the one on Broadway, Robson and Davie.  That's a lot of Banana Leaf to go around. I hear Tropika is better.  It's on my list - the list I'm eating my way through. Bite, by bite...

The dressing on the papaya salad of the Appetizer Sampler For 2  ($18) was really good. I could have done without the spring rolls though. I doubt I'd get the sample platter again. It wasn't the best value, especially since one bite of roti canai is better than full portions of the rest.

Malaysian Curry Laksa $13: I prefer this over the Singapore one because of the egg noodles. Just wish it was spicier.

Nasi Goreng $13: The predominant flavour is ketchup...so I wasn't a huge fan. I've had better nasi goreng and mee goreng elsewhere. Banana Leaf is good value for good food, and best of all, it's consistent.

My absolute favourite thing on their long menu is roti canai. I want to eat this ALL the time: Buttery, flaky roti - soft with crisp tops and liquid curry goodness with a bit of heat. Heaven."
"No doubt the food's good here, just prefer the newer one on Robson or the classic one in Kits Broadway, more spacious.

Not much of an adventurous type as I go for the Mee Goreng, the tomato-y sauce is yummy & quite the big portion, enough for 2 servings.  Also recommend the chicken satays too. i'm sure the beef ones are good too, just a health decision haha.

This denman's smaller & older & a bit of a snoot when it comes to restos by an alley but it's great for pickups.  Just call ahead to make sure food's ready before parking enforcement arrives.

Can be tough to find parking on weekends.

Good date material."
"We used Yelp to help us find Banana Leaf.  We went the the Denman Street location.  The storefront was unassuming.  The food was excellent.  My wife and I shared the Salmon cooked in Banana Leaf - great fusion dish with the fatty Salmon pairing well with a well flavored chili sauce.  We also had the 10 Vegetables with 10 Spices - this dish paired very well with the Salmon.

We had the Mango salad - a forgetful experience in an otherwise great meal.

The flan dessert that came with the lunch combo was excellent."
I am not a seafood fan, but damn. The mussels served at this location are absolutely amazing. Could do with a different bread choice - garlic bread is a bit awkward?! Roti is a must as well. Great drink selection, friendly staff, fairly quick and hot to order. Decor is a little outdated, but certainly compliments the business. Two thumbs up!
I was hoping for this to be my vancouver food highlight but perhaps my expectations were too high. We tried the beef rendang and the laksa.They were both good, but nothing spectacular. I've had better malaysian in other places.
So glad I listened to what my fellow yelpers had to say. This was a fantastic meal that I am not going to forget any time soon. We ordered the nine course tasting menu for two and walked away talking about the great flavors and just the right amount of heat. Banana Leaf is a must in Vancouver!
"Ordered pick up today.  Probably a slow day (Tuesday) and chef may not be fully on the ball. Today was the 2 for 1 special for the pineapple fried rice. Rice was somewhat bland. 

Had the beef curry also. That was definitely great. One of the better ones in the area. 

I have tried three locations ( broadway, Robson and denmen) . I find the Robson location the best. 

Been to Malaysia a few times on business. Definitely quite authentic. Like how their waiters at this location wears the traditional Malay skirt (sarongs?). Kind of like the Scottish kilt."
Excellent good eats found here.  I always get the Singapore Laksa and Fresh Young Coconut drink, then I get everyone to order everything else on the menu so that I can pick through their plates and I get to eat everything I want.  I'm all about EPIC WINS for me ;-)
We had the rendang beef curry and the pineapple and seafood fried rice, and it was average at best.  We had high expectations, but found the food flavorless. Chili House or Tropika are better alternatives in my opinion.
"We came in right after the lunch rush, we chose the ""perfect lunch for two"" and sampled all sorts of deliciousness. We started we Rotai Canai, followed by Cod in ginger soy sauce, Sayer Lamak, and Renden beef. We like the beef the least, but the others were simply fantastic."
"We didn't have to wait long for a table even though it was packed. Interesting but typical Malaysian decor.

Food was quick, good and hot.

I have to rave about the Nasi Goreng - I couldn't eat enough of it. Was excellent. I would go back just for that one dish."
"好吃 印度甩饼超好啊。鸡腿咖喱饭也好吃，温哥华市内有很多家，推荐！

为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字
为什么要求这么多字为什么"
"In short: Amazingly flavourful food, aroma gets you hooked as soon as you walk in.

I was visiting the area and it's a short walk from my hotel.  Also it was one of the places mentioned by name in my frommers book, so I decided to have some dinner their with my friends.  As soon as you walk in the aroma is intoxicating, I couldn't put my finger on it but it's a subtle smell of something exotic.  The menu makes everything sound delicious and you know what, they are.  Started off with some fresh coconut juice, and for dinner had the nasi gurang and a beef curry.  It was totally delicious.  Nasi gurang had the right spice combination, and they give a pretty good portion size too.  All in all I was pretty pleased and so was my guests."
"This is Vancouver's answer to SF's Burma Superstar.  Set along a thoroughfare of ethnic eateries, much like BS on Clement St, this is a solid standout for Indonesian/Malaysian/Singaporean food.  Even though we were starving, we opted to wait 20-30 min for a table...in hopes of having their Singaporean Chili Crab.  When we were finally seated, the hostess was nice enough to give us a table where we could fit lil J in his carrier next to us.  Even though they did this and allowed us to prop our stroller in the waiting area of the entrance, Banana Leaf isn't too kid-let friendly.  With it's low lights and elegant setting, this isn't a place where you want to hear kids screaming.  Perhaps that's why they have the music turned up to a point where you can barely have a conversation without yelling.  I just love to listen to the loung-y sounds of Enigma pulsated through their stereo over dinner...not.  We almost applauded when something went wrong with their CD player and it started to skip all around the tracks.  I thought for sure they were just goin' to pull the plug on it.

Aside from the ambiance annoyance, I thought the food was good.  To a certain degree, like Burma Superstar in SF, the food to me is just a slightly more exotic variation of Chinese dishes.  Just add a little basil, lemongrass, or coconut, and viola!  You're cookin' Malaysian food.  We were a little disappointed that they didn't have the Singapore Chili crab that night, so we opted to have scallops in a Singapore Chili sauce.  While it wasn't quite the same as the crab dish, the scallops were good and not overcooked.  It was more of a sweet and sour type of dish than chili flavored, but it was still good.  We also ordered Sambal green beans, which was a mix of green beans with tomatoes, spices and some shrimp.  Obviously, shrimp wasn't the focus of that dish, as there was a mere 4 pieces that I counted in the dish.  The green beans however were tasty.  Banana Leaf did satisfy our hunger.  Get their early, as parking is just like SF Clement's street...difficult to find a spot."
We simply loved this restaurant!!!   The lychees mojitos were exquisite as well as our four plates that we shared!!!
Pretty good place with good variety of food. We are vegetarian and we had good options. Roti canai and 10 veg 10 spices are must try.. I am sure non-veg options are way better
"Place was pretty empty on a Monday during lunch, but the food was great and the service was very attentive. When we ordered our entree the server informed us the price ""had changed"" from the menu. Here we go, I thought, but instead it turned out it was half price due to being the monthly special. Great success!"
This place is wonderful! It is cozy and quiet, with excellen service and delicious food. My wife and I were in Vancouver for a week and ate at Banana Leaf three times. We're not foodies by any stretch, but we appreciate good food and good service, and this place fits the bill.
"I came into Banana Leaf after my bike ride around Stanley Park for brunch.

I've never tried Malaysian food so this place caught my eye. I ordered off their brunch menu:

Malay Brunch - Gulai Fish Fillet and a Red Racer IPA. Dang what a good combination. 

I absolutely fell in love with the different flavors and curry sauce of this dish! The fish fillet comes marinated with a curry sauce, a side of eggplant fries, roti, veggie curry and topped with an egg. If it wasn't for how full the beer made me, I totally would of finished the entire plate. I loved this dish! 

If you are in the mood to try a more ethnic cuisine for brunch, please try their Malay brunch! When I'm back in Vancouver, I'll definitely come here again."
I was craving for Malaysian after two days of all the good chinese food so i look up on yelp and found this place. Its a small cozy family owned restaurant. The owner's from Hongkong who is really nice. Food was average but well displayed. Oh well, maybe I'm so used to Banana Leaf in Milpitas and expected more from what's called Banana Leaf.
"I can't give it a 5 stars yet, the spicy mixed seafood main I had didn't blow me away.  It was tasty, but not out of this world or something I'd order again.
Everyone else's food that I saw looked yummy though :(

The service was very friendly and welcoming, made me feel much less guilty about coming in a little sweaty after a run.  (pretty sure I wasn't smelly at all though, I didn't want to be one of THOSE guys...  I smell like rainbows and vanilla when I sweat)

I would come back here, but probably bring a friend to share if I went for dinner (to try more than one thing and not get a full tummy)."
"Great place, good food, good people.

The service was exemplary last night. We were there for a birthday celebration, and the manager offered a staff parking spot to us. He also gave us a complimentary deep fried banana split. Overall it was a great experience."
In a short 5 day stay in Vancouver I ate here twice. The food was delicious, especially the beef curry. I hope to visit Vancouver again and enjoy another meal at banana leaf!
"My son chose where he wanted to go for his birthday and he chose Banana Leaf. We had been to the BL on Davie so this was our first time at BL Denman. 

We ordered the 8 course menu at $25 pp. Wow, every dish impressed us. From the the roti canal to the nyonya calamari; also from the mango chili prawn to rendang beef curry and much more we're all unique and amazing. The preparation of the food and the sauces were spot on. 

All four of us in our party said this meal was probably in our top five over the past while. The service was excellent as well. We highly recommend Banana Leaf on Denman for a flavourful and memorable experience."
"When i used to live near the Banana Leaf i would eat there weekly. It's a great place to grab take out, and at a 10% discount.. it's very reasonably priced for the amazing quality and flavors. 
It's a vegetarians paradise. A massive lunch with lots of options will put you back about $8 each. Tropical salad, Gado gado, Tofu goreng, Roti Canai, and there coffee are my tops for myself or for sharing. I actually don't ever order a entree. The appetizers are huge and great for sharing. 
Service is always excellent.. i think i may just have to make a trip there this week because i got myself all excited writing this!"
"It has taken me this long to gather my thoughts and write a review for this particular Banana Leaf. It was the first Banana Leaf I had ever set foot in when I first arrived in Vancouver. Since then, this place has had its ups and downs. 

I loved it at first, but then they took away essential menu items. You do not take Souvlaki off a Greek menu, the same way you do not take Nasi Lemak off a Malaysian menu. And this place did precisely that. 

I have been back a few times since their poor decision to redesign the menu for the worst. I realise they have added several other dishes to compensate for the loss of some other essential dishes. 

During my last visit, I ordered the Nasi Campur (literal translation: mixed rice). It is white rice with chicken satay, beef rendang, calamari, spring roll and a regular western salad. I have to say... that hit the spot! 

We had our eye on the lunch-for-two ($18/person) menu. I reckon we'd be back to really sink our teeth into what they have to offer!"
"This is a small restaurant with limited seating.  

The Nasi Goreng & the redang beaf was excellent! The portion size is good....  However, I didn't like the fresh young coconut drink."
I always have a fabulous experience at the Banana Leaf - from beginning to end my meal is always a delight !! Don't even get me started on the deep fried banana - I actually have dreams about the delectable dessert. I've become such a big fan of this place that I've taken to getting take out at least once or twice a month.  The servers are always pleasant and accommodating - don't miss out on all the deliciousness they have to offer whether you dine in or bring it home its always a ticket to yummytown  :)
Was disappointed with the dishes we ordered. We had ordered for take out and not dine in. None of the dishes really did justice to Malaysian cooking that I have had !
Great spot for Malaysian/Singaporean food! I'm a big fan of laksa soups, and I live in Toronto, where it's pretty hard to find that kind of cuisine so I was super happy when I saw this spot while I was in Vancouver! Soup tasted good and authentic. I had the hot ginger tea pot and that was AMAZING - one of the best tea I've had in a while! :)
"Vancouver, seriously has the best savory food doesn't it? 
Anyway, Banana leaf is one of my favorite places to dine. I love the coconut chicken curry and the fried rice in a pineapple boat. Those are my 2 favorite things on the menu. I've tried some other things on the menu, but these are the ones that really stand out. 

I like this location better than the other ones."
"Oh my yum! Banana Leaf was a perfect lunch spot for my first day in Vancouver this trip. 

The vegetarian and gluten free menu was fairly small, but had such good options that I didn't mind. I ordered the lunch special ($15 Canadian) of 10 Vegetables 10 Seasonings (gluten free + vegetarian). SO good. It was basically a coconut curry with veggies like pumpkin, mushrooms, okra, and more. I got mine just a tad spicy (you can ask for how hot you'd like it!) and it was perfect. A bit of heat to it but not too much for me (and I'm a bit wimpy when it comes to spice). 

Our server was so friendly and she refilled my water many times-- which I needed! Overall, it was a great experience and the food was amazing. I'd come back in a heartbeat!"
"Superior service, delicious food, great ambiance.  What pushed it to 5 stars is that they accommodated our party of 14 (5 adults + 9 kids) without hesitation.  They didn't make ya feel as if we were a burden with such a large group.
Above all, attention to detail and very service oriented."
First day in Vancouver and was trying to find vegan food. This place popped up in our search and it did not disappoint! I had the Assam curry and it was delicious! Very bold and intricate spice profile. Every bite was phenomenal. I wish I could have finished it all but it was quite a bit of food so if you have room for another notch on your belt to fill up, I definitely thinks it's worth gobbling down! Came back here on day 2 of my stay in Vancouver!
"Oh. My. God. Delicious. 4.5 stars.

I got the Kung Pow Boneless Chicken and a side of coconut rice. The only bad thing was it could have been a little spicier. I also had a glass of Raspberry Sangria--I wouldn't have called it Sangria (since it had Vodka), but it was still delicious. I really want to try the Lychee Margarita! (it's on special on Fridays)

My fiancé got the Abundance of Seafood in Gulai Sauce and a side of coconut rice, which looked and smelled amazing and they were quite generous with the seafood (alas, I can't eat Shellfish so I couldn't try any of it).

This would have been 5 stars but I thought it was rather cheap of them to not include the rice with the dishes: the dishes were significantly improved when eaten with the rice. It wasn't that big of an issue to shell out an extra $2.5/ea, but I feel like it could have been included."
"Checked out Banana Leaf on Denman on an impulse to try their Dine Out 2012 menu; I've lived in the West End for a decade and I'm a little ashamed to admit I'd never been there before.

The appies (satay chicken and murtabak with rendang beef) were a little underwhelming, but the mains we had (black cod in caramelized ginger and soy/assam curry tiger prawns and scallops) were amazing, the servers were friendly, and the wine pairings were decent. Highlight of the night was definitely the pisang goreng (deep fried banana) for 2.

I'll definitely be going back again!"
"Denman location is quite small compared to other locations of Banana Leaf, but we were heading to the Celebration of Light finale afterwards, so here we were. Reservations for 10 people were made the night before and they were able to graciously able to accommodate us. Half of the group arrived 10-15mins late but thankfully, we did not lose our seating, bonus star for allowing us to keep our table!

Kitchen was having an off night, the nasi goreng was the first order to be placed, but the second last one to arrive. Last to arrive was the laksa, we think the order got lost in the kitchen. They made up for it with a free mango peach sangria so all is well.

Several people in the group opted for the tasting menu and commented it was quite good, and the value was there. Another person ordered off menu, the hot and sour soup, because they only recently removed it from their offerings. It was very nice of them to accommodate her request, as it was her favourite soup and she orders it every single time she goes to a Banana Leaf. Vinegary and slightly spicy, just the way she likes it. Different variations of lettuce wraps made the rounds, and drinks as well.

I had the gulai seafood, the fragrant sauce tasted delicious and would have been fantastic over rice. Unfortunately the seafood was overcooked, scallops were rubbery and so were the prawns and squid :(. Mango peach sangria was a refreshing cocktail, otherwise nothing special about it.

The kitchen must have been quite behind because the Foodora(?) delivery person was impatiently waiting for his order. He was borderline stamping his foot like a 5yo having a tantrum... 

Overall the service was pretty good considering they comp'd a drink, accommodated the late arrival of our friends for the reservation, and made the off menu item, during their dinner rush. Food was hit or miss, depending on how the kitchen was doing. There are two bathrooms at the back of the restaurant, which may be one more then necessary for the size of this restaurant. I had chance of using the smaller of the two - sorry but I think my closet in Yaletown was bigger than that (but only by a margin!)"
"It's pretty average.
The PRICES are through the roof omg. 
15 or so bucks for beef rendang...I mean its about 7-9 pieces (small-medium) of beef.
Pinapple fried rice was blaah. It's served on a half pinapple. Something was off about it. I've had better at a cheaper price. 
Service was ok, never asked how the food was but was prompt with water and napkins. 
Appy sampler is a rip off too. 
The only thing bringing this review down is it's price...stupidly over priced.
If you're not about price, then this could work for you. 
I mean flavours are good, I guess you can consider this as a high end Malay resto. But definitely other places to choose from"
Absolutely amazing dining experience all around! Beautiful decor, wonderful customer service, incredible food, good wine and great pricing! We had the Plant Based Tasting Menu and each dish was off the hook! So delicious! Highest praises to the chefs! I can't wait to return to Vancouver to dine again here!
Didn't have to make a reservation. Open space with many tables for quick accommodations. Service was great. The server made great suggestions of drinks and preset dinners. We did the middle costing tasting menu. We were able to try many little tapas. The flavors were on point. My favorite were the drinks. All the drinks were very delicious. The presentation of all the dishes were super cute. Definitely recommend this place for drinks and small tapas.
I went to this location with my husband.  we were looking for a nice place to eat and walked into Banana Leaf.  The staff was really friendly.  We tried the previously set menu and we really enjoyed it.  it was a great experience.  We definitely recommend  this restaurant.
One of my favourites, I've been here many times and it's always great food and service. I'll be back!
No matter which of their locations you go to you can count on awesome food and gracious service. No other Malysian compares. My fave is the Rendang Beef Curry and the green beans.
Superior Malaysian food.  Chicken curry and seafood curry fabulous.  Will tone down or up spiciness as to guest request.  So glad we found this restaurant in Vancouver.
Best Malay/Singaporean style food around.  Nasi goreng was very tasty and beautifully presented.  Chicken satay was excellent especially since chicken was so tender.  Got to save room for the wonderful pisang goreng (fried banana) with vanilla ice cream.  One of, if not the best fried bananas I have ever had!  Polite staff and reasonably priced.
"I have mixed thoughts on this place. The service was great, and so was the appy I got, but I was a little disappointed in the main dish and the dessert. I also felt the prices were just a little too high.

To start it was Thursday night and highballs were on for $4, awesome!
I ordered the Satay Skewers. They were some of the best I've ever had. All the meat was tender fall off the stick! I got the assortment of lamb, beef, pork and chicken. All were great with the peanut dipping sauce.

Next I had the Kung Pow Chicken + a $$extra cost coconut rice side dish. This is where my disappointment began; I don't like paying extra for rice when the main is already $16. The dish was very bland, not a single bit of spice (could they have brought me the wrong dish I wondered) and it was in not a peanut or cashew sauce, but a sticky sugary sweet sauce. I didn't like it. 

Then came dessert which they were insistent I try, I got the deep fried banana thing and it was so BIG but very plain and not much flavor. It was the batter; I am used to Thai places that have a sweet vanilla batter and this was more like a fish and chip batter. It again was bland. 

So all in all not a bad place. Perhaps it was simply the dish I picked that left me to give it 3 stars; Kung Pow might not be their specialty."
This place have really good Singapore Lasa and Satay Skewers. Their food portion is big. The waiter provide really good service. Had a really good dinning experience here.
Chose Indonesian for my birthday dinner and my kids picked the Banana Leaf. I hadn't had it in years and they'd never tried it. It was great. I'm allergic to crustaceans (I know!) and after telling the waitress the manager came down and checked every dish we ordered. An excellent evening in all categories. Kids were really impressed and liked the extensive vegetarian menu.
Good food. Very rich. If you don't mind getting fat come here.
The Banana Leafs are my go to when I'm in Vancouver. I usually get Singapore street noodles but this time I went for the Malaysian brunch with curry beef. Holy crap was it good, paired with a shredded mango salad nothing could stop me for the rest of the day. pro tip- save the roti for the last of the meal and use it to sop up anything left in the platter.
"Worth the time and wait.  Really enjoyed this place on a recent rainy night.  Was packed when we first arrived so we went to a pub nearby and came back 45 min later and sat right away.

Way too much food, split the appetizer and even an entree. The Spicy Beef Panang was a bit bland but the seafood soup and entree rice dish (without the pineapple) was fabulous and really large.  Great atmosphere even though place is small.  Highly recommend."
"I have never tried Indonesian or Malaysian food before so I asked the waitress what she suggested for first timers to order.  She suggested that I order the lunch sized Rendang curry beef with vegetables so I did.  Although the meal may look initially small, it was a very filling and satisfying meal.  The beef was so tender and had the right amount of curry to it.  The veggies were pretty good and accompanied the Rendang  Beef oh so perfectly.  Our waitress was very kind and came at the right time on when we needed her.  I also appreciated that she gave my friend and I separate checks (or maybe this is common in Vancouver? Its very rare that checks are split in Seattle).  

Now I wish there were more Indonesian and Malaysian restaurants in Seattle.  Oh well, even more of an excuse to visit again soon."
"We visited Vancouver BC recently and our dinner one night at Banana Leaf on Denman was a highlight. 

Our server recommended we start with the Roti Canai, which was a good way to begin. The flaky roti picked up the generous serving of spiced curried sauce. I had to take another bite with my spoon when the roti was gone.

We knew we wanted to try Abundance of Seafood in Gulai Sauce, and asked for help for a complement to the dish. Our server recommended Sambal Green Bean. The two went together so well! The seafood dish is delicious, a bit creamy, sweet, curried. The green beans were fresh, still crisp (barely cooked), with slightly spicy chili and garlic sauce. I think the shallots on top were fried, so just a hint of crisp crunch but not greasy at all. So the two dishes were perfect together, the rich, dreamy seafood was the perfect foil for the crisp, flavorful green beans (I've never been so excited about green beans...)

Server was very knowledgeable, portions were perfect (not gigantic like so many American restaurants serve, but not too small, just right for the two of us), cocktails were interesting and refreshing (Lychee Mojito, Mai Tai with cranberry garnish).

We'll definitely go back again when we're visiting Vancouver."
This place is a bit on the small side, but with just two of us we got in pretty quick.  The waitress that served us was extraordinarily friendly and attentive.  We started with some chicken satay followed by the boneless chicken curry and the Singapore Laksa. It was ALL incredibly delicious! I highly recommend this place.
"Excellent food at a great price. Authentic taste that reminds me of Malaysia.  Had the laksa which was full of actions, shrimp, tofu and egg.  Cooked with angel hair style noodles and a spicy coconut base.  Also had the deep fried peppered oysters.  

Apparently they have won all sorts of awards and I can see why.  Both dishes excellent.  Phenomenal really. Definitely worth a stop."
I decided on lunch here, on a Thursday afternoon, not very busy, lovely interior. I was seated immediately by a very sweet hostess/server. I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and coconut rice, and a pot of lemon grass ginger tea. The food arrived promptly as well as my tea. The rice comes wrapped in a banana leaf, love that. The tea was lovely and smooth. The white cups were stained inside which didn't make for nice presentation, and fruit flies hovered over my food for the duration of my meal. The chicken is breaded then cooked in sauce just fyi. In any case the staff are very servicing and nice, but my meal cost me over $30.00 which I thought was a bit much. Not a bad experience but I'd suggest less frying more freshness.
Pretty darn delicious. Random find on Yelp while vacationing in Vancouver, and while I was hesitant to go initially, I am glad we stopped by. I haven't had much experience with Malaysian food, but this place was really good. My mother and I split the lunch tasting menu in order to sample a few different dishes without really committing, and it was a good choice. Even the Pisang Goreng for dessert was mouthwatering. My husband wasn't quite as impressed with his dish, but he kept picking off our plates and commenting on how good ours was. Extra points to the staff for noticing when he was trying to clean sauce off his shirt and bringing club soda and some napkins.
Good presentation but not a fan of taste here... the roti canai comes with sweet curry which kinda kills the taste. The mee goreng has very low flavor. The kopi is good and in-house made, but the tea is over flavored..
"Cool spot with a unique menu and great food.

Stopped for a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon and we were able to get seated right away. Very quiet and relaxed atmosphere.

The menu takes awhile to go through as they seem to have multiple ways of dining.

My bride went with the Budda Bowl ($15) and really enjoyed it - especially the eggplant fries, tofu and curry sauce. My son went with the Kung Pow Chicken ($18) and didn't leave any left on the plate! I went with the Boneless Chicken Curry ($13) and it was excellent.   Everyone commented about the freshness and quality of ingredients. 

Decent selections of beers. Fast and friendly service."
"What happens to a dream deferred? Ok, it's dramatic to compare my yearning for Malaysian food to a sociopolitical poem by Langston Hughes, I know, but sometimes I feel like I will never be satiated by anything but those hawker stalls in Malaysia. It's probably true, but I can still dream.

Service was fabulous. Our server was kind, knowledgeable and efficient. The roti canai dough was a tad on the sweeter side. It didn't have that ""lift"" that the bread has when it's fresh from being pan fried. Still palatable, but not great. Rendang had good flavors and I enjoyed the vegetable curry side. I was rather disappointed by the Malaysian laksa. Had very little flavor, no depth and too much coconut milk. Prawns in it were good. Noodles were too thick. The Char Kway Teow featured some rubbery squid but the overall stir fry had decent flavor. But it was still only average. Not reminiscent of what I'd been anticipating. 

The lunch specials here seem to be a good deal -- appropriately portioned, served with rice and a side for a reasonable price. I'd probably go back again to try the mee goreng and chili crab. I'll just have to keep my dreams in check."
This place is great .. Chicken is juicy , the rice is flavourful.. beans are good the lady's are nice.. it does get a little pricey but we keep coming back for more !
"Another great find thanks to the infamous Marc D.

The interior is super plain and the piano music is almost annoying, but the food is decent. 

Get the Hainanese chicken and oiled rice. Likely the best I've had. Not sure what the oil in the oiled rice is (maybe chicken broth), but it sure beats Uncle Ben's.

The roti was nice and flaky, but the curry dipping sauce was not quite what I'm used to. The satays were alright.

I'll be back for more.

Be careful parking here though. Putting angled parking stalls within tight lanes is ridiculous."
"I take it back! I'm definitely going out of my way to eat here. I ended up doing the half free range hainanese chicken and 3 bowls of rice for $20. I figured it was a better deal than the plate with one bowl. Glad I chose it because my partner ended up loving it and having a bowl of rice with the chicken. The chicken was delicious and tender.

The green beans were ok but on the greasy side. 

It's 1:29am and I'm still thinking of how delicious it was. Lol.

One negative is how packed this parking lot is. It took us over 10 minutes to get a spot. It was frustrating but the chicken and rice more than made up for it!"
"Order the whole Hainanese chicken with 5 bowls if rice to go. 
Don't eat in
Don't order anything else 
Do not pass go.

And you will have a great time with this place.

Anything other than the express directions above and you will think this place is subpar. 
The reality is that there is only one great dish on the menu and you need not eat in."
"Yes to boneless Hainanese chicken! Who would have thought, an inconspicuous restaurant would serve such flavorful, delicious, juicy chicken? 

A cozy small space, this place was quite full on a Wednesday night. We shared an order of the individual sized Hainanese chicken and an order of the curry beef brisket, with a substitution of roti over rice for $1.00 extra. 

The chicken was perfect; I can't complain about boneless chicken! I would say it's on par with Prata Man. The grated ginger dip and the sweet chili sauce were great complements. 

The curry beef brisket had a decent amount of soft brisket; there wasn't too much fat like briskets from other places. The curry wasn't too spicy, which was perfect for me. I particularly enjoyed the roti- crispy on the outside, and a soft and fluffy on the inside. 

Great service and a casual atmosphere, I'll definitely be back here for more Hainanese chicken!"
"If four stars is considered very good and five stars is excellent. I only want to rate it three stars. This tree star is not included the service for this place or it should be there only two stars.It used to be much better but recently the chicken wasn't as good as before. 
If you are looking for a polite and friendly service, you definitely will be disappointed there. The waitress (maybe she is the owner) is always having poker face and impatient to customers.
I used to living in a close-by neighbourhood and have been ate there many times. The only reason I still go there was because of they used to have very delicious free range chicken but the last couple visits I was super disappointed. 
As I big chicken lover, I can easily figure it out a free range chicken or not. The last couple visits I am pretty sure the chicken was not their usual quality. I asked the waitress when I paid my bill for the chicken quality seems like not the same and her attitude to my question was not care for a customer's concern. 
Also if you order a whole chicken set meal, there supposed to have 5 bowls of soups but if you only have 2 people and you asked for one more bowl of soup, they will refuse to give you unless you pay for it. This kind of restriction to serve soup by head is very disrespectful to the customers. If a dinner set has 5 bowls of soup why the restaurant needed to limit by people who showed up to have the soup?"
This is the place for us to get our hainanese chicken rice! The rice are very flavorful, the chicken are deboned (yay!) and poached perfectly.  The ginger sauce and the chilli sauce are perfect match.  We always have it to go and we usually call ahead.  This is definitely a comfort food for us and our three boys.  Parking can be a hassle at times, but since we call ahead, it's not a biggie!
"My kids love the roti and satay. We love the hainanese
Chicken as we think it's the best in Vancouver! The green beans and fried tofu is good also. A tad bit expensive but we thought it was worth every penny if our kids love all of what they are eating!"
Loved this hidden gem.   They are famous for their Hainan Chicken rice and it was terrific.  The oily flavor of the rice is superb.  Other great dishes include the roti, the curries, and I also highly recommend the Balachan fried rice (shrimp paste).   The roti is light and fluffy yet crispy.   Not crowded and we were able to sit there for a long time to enjoy.
"I came to City 1 Cafe, being enticed by their Hainanese chicken and affordable prices when compared to Cafe Delight. While the rice was leaps and bounds ahead of CD, the chicken just didn't hold up. Mine wasn't boneless, and was a bit fattier than I liked. The skin had a good texture, but the meat was a little on the dry side. The green onion ginger sauce was not as flavourful as what my parents could make. 

The other dishes we had were good though. Five of us ordered half a Hainanese chicken (with 3 bowls of rice) to split, and a beef curry and some satay skewers as well. The restaurant was busy, but they never rushed us out. The refilled teas frequently, and the servers were always friendly. The bill came out to $11 per person, a great deal for lunch.

The place itself is pretty clean, but a bit hidden inside a plaza. While the curry and rice were winners, I think I'd still head back to CD for their chicken, even if it's a bit more expensive. Accessible via the #17 or 25 bus."
Some of the most amazing food I've had in my liiiiife. We ordered a soup noodle dish (I think it was the curry laksa), which was good, but the roti and the curry sauce was soooooo efffffffffing amaaaaazing. OMGGG and you can ask for more curry if you run out. We also had a tofu curry dish, which was also very good. Seriously, the flavors here were amazing. Staff was really nice and it was a very pleasant and comfortable restaurant.
This was by far one of the best meals I've ever had. We ordered the roti canai, satay skewers, and rendang beef curry. It was delicious!!! One thing that stood out to me was how fresh and flavorful the chicken satay skewers were. I'd highly recommend coming here!
Yummy food and great mai tai's. I always order the Singapore laksa and always think it tastes amazing. I got my friends hooked on this restaurant too.
Wow!! Fantastic food and drinks with great, friendly service. What a gem! Go here and get stuffed, it's delicious. You wouldn't think it from the unassuming exterior, but these are usually the best places!
Every dish we ordered was nothing short of perfection. Wait staff were attentive, friendly and excellent with timing. This place is not pretentious. It's small but you don't feel like can of sardines. If you want good food, service, and a relaxing atmosphere, this is one of the places I would recommend!
"So the pessimist, aka yours truly, was dragged here tonight against my will. I've had Banana Leaf in the past on Broadway and as an Asian person, I would always rather try a non-Asian restaurant by preference. Especially, if I'm on a rare date night with my wife and I'm headed downtown towards truly expensive paid city metered parking. But wife wanted this. Ugh

We drove pass the Banana Leaf on Davie Street. . ""Oh let's continue drinking further to English Bay I say"" in hopes to sway her mind on another choice. Drive further to Denman. Get there. *Sh!t, there's another Banana Leaf location here!* ""Alright, alright fine. Let's do this. Overpriced Malaysian Food  here we go* 

BUT. Tonight. Tonight was the  . We called to reserve a table for two 10 minutes prior to arriving to hold a table. ""Excellent!"" We arrived like rockstars . We were seated right away by the same warm, accommodating Asian fellow that we spoke to on the phone. Look at the menu and see the Dine out Vancouver specials are on. $25 per person for a sampler course (total $50). Ordered it. 

Lemme tell you ladies and gents: Every. Single. Item. They banged out tonight from Dine Out Vancouver was delicious. From the starter salad (refreshingly tasty), calamari (uniquely soft), spicy green beans (nice crunch with every bite), chicken skewers (bbq perfection), seafood and beef curries (so fresh) and the dessert (looked honestly like blue toothpaste but tasted f00kin' wonderful). We even ordered deep fried banana (the best!) with ice cream but couldn't finish because by then were absolutely stuffed. Food coma. 

And the service? 6 out 5 stars. Great job my fellow Asian waiters and waitresses. Kept it so professional and accommodating. Continuously switching our old plates and gave us new cutlery. The dishes came out in a nice timely manner. Pat your selves on the back. 

Unforgettable experience tonight. Banana Leaf on Denman. You've renewed my faith in the Malaysian food and in Banana Leaf  . 

Sorry No photos because I was too busy enjoying myself"
"I rarely get the chance to have Malaysian food, so when we had some time to kill in Vancouver, I thought this would be the perfect place for dinner. The whole restaurant is pretty small, but they separate the tables with plants so there is enough space to feel a sense of privacy. The service was generally good as well. 

Now on to the food:
We started with the zucchini fries, and this was probably my favorite thing of the night. Nicely fried with a spicy dipping sauce, and it must be healthy since it's zucchini right? :) 
One of my favorite foods is pineapple fried rice, so I had to try this one. Although the presentation was nice, the flavour was a little lacking and was just okay. Definitely had better elsewhere. 
The beef rendang was a must have, and although it was a bit overpriced, the beef was fork tender and nicely flavoured. The menu says that it is spicy, but there is really not much spice at all.

The drinks were also decent as well. I got the lychee mojito something, and I loved it. Really refreshing and minty, perfect for a summer day. My bf got the special ginger drink, and honestly this was kinda nasty. Way too strong ginger flavour and I felt like I was drinking medicine. But maybe we are not used to the Malaysian taste, who knows.

I love Malaysian food, and I'd definitely give banana leaf another try, but maybe I'd try some more local places next time."
Food is fresh and lively on your pallet. A gastronomic delight! Wait staff is attentive to your needs. Overall I would give this establishment a well earned four Michelin stars.
Wow! What an awesome restaurant! Everything we ordered was so good! We actually went to this restaurant because we were not able to eat at a ramen house because there were vegetarians in our party. They have a lunch menu that is available everyday from 11am to 3 pm. They also have a vegetarian and gluten free menu, with a lot of variety. I wish I have a restaurant like this close to home.
I have been here a couple of times and I always get the beef rendang. You can always ask for extra sambal. Great ambiance and service too!
My apologies for no photos on this one. We were so tired of walking around in the rain trying to decide where to go in the land of restaurants that by the time we finally decided I was ravenous - Plus I realized I had forgotten my phone! That said I would definitely recommend this place when in Vancouver. It's family-friendly as well as romantic staff is amazingly attentive, not too noisy, and the great menu with some different things. Tiger prawns, curry, vegetarian options and my noodle dish, Mee Goreng. Fried noodles, beef with veggies and egg. They called it a Malaysian classic and I'll agree! Cocktails are also their speciality and it was fun to watch them create as I was facing the bar. Wish I had tried the Blue Hawaiian - it looked amazing like the name describes. Again, sorry no pics but here are a couple from their website.
"I have been to another Banana Leaf location a couple years ago, but my night at this location was beyond wonderful. It was a lot smaller than I was expecting, and I think with that came a more homey, personal and intimate feel. Everyone who worked there was lovely, welcoming, and really cared about your experience. 

Now for the food, I got the roti with curry as an appie, and then the boneless chicken curry with coconut banana leaf rice. The roti was different than Indian roti, as it had a little bit of a sweetness in the dough, but it balanced and complimented the curry dip and it's spice really nicely! The chicken curry was AMAZING - had a really nice creamy texture from the coconut milk and was really rich and flavorful from all of the spices, chicken and mixed veggies. I was also excited to try okra (in the mixed veggies) for the first time!! Sorry I forgot to take pictures because I was too excited to dig in. 

All in all, I actually enjoyed this location more than the giant chain locations because it felt like a small and happy family owned restaurant. Thank you for a great experience"
I liked the steamed mussels.   I poured the sauce the mussels were in over some rice and that shit was so good.
"I persuaded my parents to give Banana Leaf another try, as they had previously dined at another location (I think it was Robson?) and they didn't enjoy the food. However, the menu at this location looked promising, and the reviews were mostly positive, so we decided to give it a shot. It definitely didn't disappoint! 

Beef Rendang Brunch (4/5)
I liked the mix of items here, as it allowed us to sample a wide variety of things. Unfortunately, the worst part of the dish was the beef, which was so dry that no one touched it after one bite. The shrimp crackers were also not great, according to my dad. The roti was okay, but it was more dense than flaky, and I would have liked more of the sauce to dip it in. The vegetable curry was pretty good, and I finished it all by myself and didn't share (I'm a veggie hoe okay). The standout for everyone, with the exception of my brother who hates eggplant, was the eggplant fries. We would totally get this as an appetiser by itself next time.

Mee Goreng (5/5)
This was pretty delicious. The sauce on the noodles was tasty, and the noodles were cooked perfectly. We all enjoyed this dish. I forgot to ask for it to be made vegetarian (oopsies) so I had a great time picking out all the beef and shrimp from my noodles.

Turmeric Cauliflower Rice (4/5)
Everyone else didn't like it, but I thought it was pretty good. The dish was a tad watery, and I didn't like thee addition of the pineapples, but I thought that the mild sweetness of this dish was a nice palate cleanser. I finished this whole dish all by myself.

Veggie Spring Rolls (3/5)
This was surprisingly the worst dish of the meal. I take back what I said yesterday about never going wrong with spring rolls. These were too doughy and dense, and weren't crispy and flaky at all. The curried vegetable filling was okay, but not my favourite. I had to smother the whole thing in satay sauce to finish it.

Tofu Goreng (4.5/5)
This was another favourite. The tofu was cooked well, and tasted great with the sauce and the shredded lettuce and cucumbers on top. The sauce was a little overpowering, but it was mediated by me shoving raw lettuce in my mouth to soak up and dampen the flavour.

Chicken Satay (5/5)
Didn't have this, but my family loved it. The chicken was juicy and the satay sauce was great. No complaints about this dish at all.

Overall, we all enjoyed our experience here, and I would totally come back since they have a large selection of menu items for vegetarians/vegans. The food tasted great, and so it's 5 stars for me."
"All banana leaf locations have more or less same menu but tastes slightly different. Like the roti kanai at this location is little less buttery then the other locations . 

Even the space here is not very big but service and food is excellent . The starer ordered was some tofu dish where tofu is fried but the dressing of salad and sauces makes it very yummy. All meats are on menu n must try is pineapple rice which i had at other location though."
"It's our 1st night in Vancouver where there are 20 kinds of restaurants per block it seems. We were taken to this restaurant in Denman by a Vancouver local who had nothing but praises for this place.  We were not disappointed.

Started off with a yummy lychee mojito- very refreshing! Ordered the appetizer sampler ($18), nasi goreng rice, seafood curry and pork ribs. Everything was delicious and filling. 

Service was excellent. What a wonderful dining experience. Highly recommended !"
"If you're looking for some bomb Malaysian food, this is the place! There isn't any legit Malay cuisine to be found in SoCal so I always make an effort to get it whenever there are some spots in any of the places I'm visiting. 

If you're going to start off with anything, go with their Roti! It was fresh and the texture was just right. Fluffy but with some crispiness to it. And the curry sauce that came with it with thick and full of flavor. Be sure to finish the entire thing because it'll be hard as a rock later on and won't be the same when you reheat it. 

The char kuey teow is bomb as well! I'm quite picky with kuey teow (being Chiu Chow/Teo Chew) and this place has it cooked quite well. Get this instead of rice if you're looking for a thicker texture of carbs on the side to eat with your dishes. 

If you're a fan of cod, then their black cod dish is a must have! It appeared to be flash fried based on the texture of the skin and the meat underneath was damn juicy. They've got it topped off with this satay based sauce with ginger and garlic mixed in. Oh man....my mouth is watering as I type. 

The last dish we went with was the seafood curry. This comes with a decent amount of mixed seafoods such as scallop, shrimp, calamari, clam, mussels and fish. Save your roti and dip it into the lovely curry while you chow down on that juicy piece of seafood! 

We actually called in to see if they were closed (Yelp always has the wrong times). Made it in just before last call. We felt bad keeping them there late and ate quickly and was in and out after satisfying the hungry tummies!"
Food was great and service was great as well! Banana Leaf is totally worth eating at as they have a 7-11 course meal for such a lovely deal! Their food actually taste authentic and is satisfying!! One of the best!!!!!!! I love everyone of their desserts and food!!!!!!!!!!! I love you Banana Leaf!!!
Their Hainanese chicken is really good. Chicken is super tender -- as if you barely need to chew it. I love the ginger onion sauce but they don't give enough of it so ask for more. The rice cooked in chicken stock was really tasty. For $8.85 I couldn't complain about the portions. I thought it was just fine. I would definitely come back for the chicken -- I think it is one of the best offerings at the Aberdeen food court.
Perhaps my expectations were too high, finding Singaporean food in a Canadian food court and laksa, one of my favorite dishes. First off the laksa met the smell criteria but failed on the taste, it was seriously missing sambal and laksa leaves, the soup tasted bland :(. I also wanted curry chicken, but apparently ordered chicken rice instead. The chicken rice was actually decent. The bobo cha cha disappointed a little as it was way too sweet, kids slurped it down far too quickly :) overall passable, but laksa was a fail.
"One of the best Hainam Chicken dishes in town. Deboned chicken that melts in your mouth....(salivate..) Included is their soup, and the accompanying hainan rice is flavorful - just wish they could make a nice brown rice (more healthier) with it. :)
Prices are reasonable for what you get.
Located at top floor in the food fair at the Aberdeen Centre Mall, there's plenty of space (wide open...) for seating and also for those who want some quiet space while chowing down a good meal.
ps. They also dish up a mean yellow curry  chicken dish with white rice.
Just wish some of these huts served brown rice.... :("
"One word: laksa.

Parking is available in the mall parking lot.  Be prepared for massive amounts of cussing.

Their food is served in these curious white plastic bowls that look a little too thick to be disposable.  These containers are also beautiful in the way that they repel liquids (aka they're hygroscopic), so you can see all the oil bubbles as you chug the soup.

I've heard good things about their other dishes, but my main fix here is the laksa.  It comes in different varieties such as chicken, fish balls, or seafood.  I've had them all and each time it brings a smile to my face.  They use 2 types of noodles (the yellow kind and the vermicelli), which is also a bit curious.  I'm guessing they just store the noodles close to each other and hence the cross-contamination.

I could eat at this place everyday.  Recommended."
"One of my favourite food in Aberdeen, and I think they have the best hainanese chicken rice in Vancouver area.  I try so many different hainanese chicken in other places, I think the Café D' Lite Express is the best so far. Size of the food is enough for me (not sure it's enough for men XD).  I always ask them to give me extra green ginger sauce, because I found that always run out of sauce when I eat half of it. If you guys love extra, definitely should go for it.  They have the typical hainanese chicken without bones, which is one of the reasons I give them five star.

Ummm. I tried chicken Laksa, but it is a bit oily and spicy for me, maybe I am not a fan of the Laksa. Anyway, this place deserves for 5 stars."
"If you only need a quick option and are in dying need of some 'hainan chicken rice' I would come here. I would definitely consider this pretty good for food court material food, but if we are just strictly talking about the 'hainan chicken' dish itself, it was better served at their store location out on West Broadway.

Aberdeen food court has a ton of vendors serving different things, and what makes Cafe D'Lite different is that they serve this style and Laksa to the masses that venture the food court looking for a quick bite. Get it on a tray, feed you fast, take your money, and be done. The chicken is tender, boneless, but the taste on this day seemed to be off, or more close to a soy sauce chicken that was as tender as a hainan chicken. The flavored rice, wasn't that flavored, but as I said, if I was craving this dish, and needed it in my belly, and I was here, I wouldn't hesitate to go here and order it.

If you get a chance to compare, try to get out to the other location, you will know what I mean in terms of quality difference. Luckily Richmond doesn't have many places that serve the dishes they do compared to some other cuisines."
"The only thing that is worth getting here is the Hainanese Chicken on rice or noodle soup. I usually order the Hainanese Chicken Laksa that cost $7.50 and it doesn't come with a drink.

Their Laksa soup base is flavourful and the chicken is super tender and juicy. This laksa also contains tofu puff, bean sprouts, parsley, and 2 different types of noodles. I really like how the tofu puff adsorbs the yummy soup and how the noodles contrast each other too. A link to show the different noodles used in the laksa: http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/DVZFAIbu5dfJAiwz_P-vFQ?select=OT6hYZ53eoYZNd3hNc1R7A"
The hainanese chicken with rice is so good! I definitely need to try some other options. The drink selection is nice too.
Yes it's in the noisy, hard to park Aberdeen Mall food court but.... this place is good for their Hainan Chicken Rice for $8.25 and Seafood Laksa for $8.50.  These are their two signature dishes.  This little eatery did so well they opened up a restaurant in Kitsilano called Mamalee's Malaysian Delight where the food is better.  But regardless the Laksa was quite tasty and the chicken was tender but the rice was a bit dry, typically the jasmine rice is cooked in chicken broth and their rice wasn't so oily so that was a pleasant surprise.  If you need a quick bite this place is great but no need to make a trek over to eat here.
This is my new favorite place to get hainanese chicken!! We tried it like 5, 6 years ago but before it didn't taste as good. The chicken is boneless and juicy! Even my 2 little picky eaters will eat it, and my kids normally don't eat meat much. I love that it's boneless, even the white meat portion of the chicken is tender!! The only thing is, it's a bit more expensive than other hainanese chicken places. 1/4 of the chicken $8.95, 1/2 is $16.85, whole chicken $31.75. And yellow rice $2.00 each (this was a bit disappointing, not as flavorful). Given that they debone the whole chicken, it's worth the $32.
I come here for the Hainan chicken and chicken rice.  So hard to find a good version of this outside of Singapore/Malaysia!  The version here is decent.  some folks may be a little put off by the room temp, slightly gelatinous mouth feel of the chicken but that's how its supposed to be! do  nice job, freshly deboning the meat just prior to serving keeping all that slippery skin on! The trio of dipping sauces (sweet soy, ginger, chili) are a nice foil to the fatty chicken!  The chicken rice is highly addictive.  sometimes a bit on the dry side, it is still tasty and can be eaten on its own. the requisite side bowel of chicken rice broth comes with spiked with tomatoes and other veggies which is odd since usually this is just broth w/o any fixings. sometimes when I am really hungry I get a bowl of Lahksa.  The broth is subtle but luxurious.  make sure to use chicken rice to sop up any left over broth!!
I love their Hainan chicken rice. It is probably the best and most authentic that I have eaten outside of Hong Kong. In San Francisco where I am from, all version is nothing even remotely close. Every time I visit Vancouver I always have to make my way here. Their chicken is soft and juicy. It is completely deboned so every bite is just meat. The other notable item is their Laksa soup noodle-very flavorful. This place is a must visit.
"This food stall at Aberdeen Centre has, hands down, the best haianese chicken on rice in all of Greater Vancouver. They are known for their curry and singaporean laksa as well, but those items are mediocre to me. Every Vancouverite knows that a trip to Aberdeen is incomplete without hitting this spot up! I usually ask for it in a take out box because i feel like they load up more rice haha. H

Tip on a busy weekend: Its usually pretty hard to snatch seats at the food court on a Saturday, Sunday. What I like to do is ask for my food togo and then head over to the seating area at the new Aberdeen Square to eat! Theres always plenty of tables there and much cleaner in my opinion."
One of my favourite places for hainan chicken rice and my favourite stall at the aberdeen food court. The prices are average at 9$ but the chicken itself is very tender and their rice is a little bit hard but has a strong chicken flavour! It also comes with a decent sized portion of both rice and chicken as well as a small soup for a complete and satisfying meal.
I love Cafe D'light!  My girlfriend and I goes all the way to Aberdeen just to have their Hainese chicken on rice.  I think it's better than even restaurants because their chicken is boneless - makes it effortless to eat.  I also tried their laksa noodles with fish balls once and it was really good.  Just can't get myself to order it over the chicken more than once!  I heard from people that their food isn't as good on weekdays.  I've never gone on the weekdays so I can't confirm if that's true.
"fast food/ service not applicable
located inside food court at aberdeen mall
same owner as MamaLee in vancouver
the best hainanese chicken imo
average price 
if i had to choose 1 dish: hainanese chicken with rice
would i go back? yes"
The food was great, should be a 5 star review, but they do not except card and the lady at the register took my American $20 (worth $25.44 Canadian) and gave me change as though it was one for one.  When I confronted her about it, she claimed it is a one to one exchange.  Very dishonest.  Good food, but I would not have tipped her $5.44 for it!  I've been in Canada for a week and this is the first and only time I was not given the correct exchange rate.
"Laksa was pretty good and reasonably priced! Seafood laksa consisted of shrimp, imitation crab (i.e. fish sticks) and tofu puffs on top of two types of noodles. Just don't expect stellar service, it's a fast food place after all. The lady at the counter kept barking at me asking ""which laksa!"" - I didn't realize I can choose the topping/meat, sorry~"
I was surprised by how good the Haina chicken is. Chicken is boneless and the meat is soft but tender. The self made sauces are just right to enhance the meat flavor. The rice however is a bit light. I wish they could add more chicken flavor. Overall I am very satisfied and will try other Singapore/Malaysian dishes.
The beef brisket with rice is pretty good for food court standards! $10. Decent amount of beef. The sauce was very rich and flavourful.
"This is a hidden gem amongst the rest of the treasures abounding in the Aberdeen Food Court. I say hidden, as greasy wings from Wo Fung, and cream puffs at Beard Papa are the star of the shows here. I had clear intentions to have Hainan Chicken and thought this offshoot of Cafe D'Lite in Kits would be perfect. This fast food version similarly offers Singapore and Malaysian staples, prices ranging from $6-$9. Despite that, I experienced first class service here. First class service at a food court, mind you!  

As opposed to the other busier stalls with chaotic line ups and rigid-bordering on catatonic service, the lady at the Cafe D' Lite was well, a delight! She was smiling from afar, very welcoming and never pushy. She was patient as I took my time staring at the menu photo board. Aah, the photo of the seafood laksa was calling me, but I wanted the Hainan Chicken too! As if reading my mind, she mentions they have a chicken laksa offering not on the menu. Wut?! Jackpot! She smiled and she most likely saw how my face turned as if, yes, I won the jackpot.

Hmm. Order took awhile being I was the only one in line. She mentioned they make everything on the spot, thus the wait. So I sipped my HK milk tea that she handed, inadvertently reacting that it was too sweet. She quickly mentioned she'll replace it which I nicely turned down and asked for some ice instead. She gave me a cup full of ice and apologized unnecessarily. Wow, how could someone be this nice at the food court?

As for the laksa, it was all that I expected. The chicken was sooo tender, moist, and plentiful. Regretfully realized I forgot to take a photo after scarfing down the bowl, oops. I must say it looked lovely. Now I'm no expert on judging the laksa soup, but this sure hit the spot for me, I wouldn't change it any other way. First rate service - fast food style, consider me a fan."
If your looking for a quick chicken rice fix then this place is definitely the best place in town. The chicken is very juice, tender and above all boneless! Its cheap and quick. The only downside is that the rice is not more flavourful.
"Uh, this is some pretty bomb hainanese chicken rice, people. Succulent, moist, tender, with delicious sauces and some crisp cucumber underneath. YUM. Just as good as Savoy, in Alhambra, and ten times faster service. Seriously, I only waited like 30 seconds for my order.

Docked a star off for their rice though, which was kind of bland and dry."
"it's been a 3 and a 4.  I really wanted Singaporean food and also had to go to Aberdeen so we end up here.  The hainanese chicken rice was pretty skimpy.  You get a lot of rice but not a lot of chicken.  Everything tasted great, but for the price I expected a little more chicken.

The laksa was spot on.  Kind of weird of having imitation crab meat but actually it was really good in the seafood laksa.  This dish was more worth it, lots of noodles, sprouts, seafood, etc in that little bowl.

The drinks were alright too.  Next time maybe I'll go with a half hainan chicken or something."
"Besides the mediocre service, and by service I am only referring to the interaction you receive at the counter since this is a food court stand, the food is good.  

Their laksa is delicious and so is their Hainanese Chicken.  The laksa isn't the best I've ever had, but for a food court, it's pretty tasty.  The Hainanese chicken is something I come back for often when I'm in Aberdeen Mall.  

And of course, cash only."
It's a pretty small menu in terms of food but the staples in Hainanese rice, curry brisket, and the Malay (Malaysian) laksa are all there. For this colder lunch outing I went for the Malay laksa since I was feeling for hot and spicy noodles. For under $10 I think this was great bowl for lunch. The tofu soaked up a ton of soup and the fish balls were completely cooked (no one likes a surprise icy interior of a fish ball). The soup's temperature held up surprisingly well in the plastic container so slow eaters like me can enjoy every last bite without rush. Afterwards I was stuffed enough to back to work and fight the impending lunch coma. Good laksa. Not quite as good as Kaya Malay but better than most Chinese noodle shops around this price point (Deer Garden, Cattle Café).
For a food court restaurant, this is one of my favorites.  Had the Laksa with Hainan Chicken as well as seafood and their curry beef stew and it was all good.  Chicken was so tender and moist. The beef stew was so amazing too. Way better than the beef brisket Laksa that I got from Deer Garden Signature.   I will always eat here whenever I visit Richmond BC.
"I've been wanting to try the hainanese chicken rice for a long time, but instead saw the Laksa on the menu and decided to have that. It was really good. I used to make my own Laksa and have never actually had it out before and it was comparable to what I make at home!

The lady running this place is so cute, barely speaks any english, but she squeaked everything out so I could understand! Next time I'm going to try the chicken rice!"
"There's no place like home. And the chicken rice took me right there.

I got so excited about this new lunch spot, that I managed to get my colleague excited too. We now crave a beautiful, delicious lunch here ever so often. 

The laksa. Don't think; just do. It's one of the best I've had in town, and I don't take my laksa lightly. It's creamy, it's thick, it's spicy, it's BIG! 

The chicken rice brought a tear to my eye. I don't often get a taste of home, but I did just there. In its simple packaging and flavorful contents, I found bliss like I never thought I would. This is my comfort food. For those who prefer healthier meal options, you can add this to your list. Steamed chicken, cucumbers, yellow rice and chicken soup. If this doesn't warm your cold, rainy days, I don't know what would! 

I can imagine I'd be here everyday if not for the mildly steep pricing. It's close to $9 for any of the delicious items on their menu. It's a treat. If you're feeling down, pick yourself up with a laksa or chicken rice. It's sure to put a smile back in your heart."
"Here's what you do to get quite possibly the *best* lunch experience:

1) Order Hainanese Chicken Rice with Soup ($7.75) and request ""extra sauce, both green and red""
2) Now go order Fried Chicken Wings (6 pieces) from Wu Fung to your left

You will end up with Hainan Chicken and rice PLUS the Wu Fung Fried Chicken.  Use the green dipping sauce for your Hainan Chicken, and the red dipping sauce for the fried chicken.

Best lunch in Richmond and the reason I drive all the way from Burnaby to Richmond...just for lunch."
We love the Hainanese chicken rice here! There aren't many places that do chicken rice properly but we feel Cafe D'Lite does for sure. The chicken is soft with lots of flavour. The rice is is delicious as well! We have also tried the laksa, but that was not very memorable. We will come back for the chicken rice for sure though.
"It's a Monday and I'm in search for some Hainanese Chicken. Cafe D'Lite Express is a quick and easy spot in Aberdeen to get your chicken fix.

I ordered the Hainanese Chicken with Rice and Soup with Extra Chicken ($14.95). Service was quick and cash only. I had it for takeaway and it was packaged up and ready within 6 minutes.

When I got home, the rice was packed on the bottom and filled half the styrofoam box. Filling 2/3 on top was the chicken (plenty of chicken, the extra was nice to share), leaving some room for fresh cucumber slices and a tiny container of sauces.

The chicken was tender but not as smooth as I'd like, but the flavour was there. The rice wasn't that oily and flavoured, but to some that is a good thing. The sauces had a nice and subtle heat and tangy flavour. The cucumbers were a fresh contrast to the dish. Overall, for food court food, it was satisfying!

My go-to for Hainanese Chicken is Prata Man but since they are closed on Mondays, I may find myself here instead."
"The original restuarant Cafe D'Lite  is located on West Boardway near UBC. It has been awhile and I almost forgot about this place since my university days are over (and even before, I only knew how to get there and not by the name itself).

Cafe D'Lite Express is a sister ""restaurant"" located inside Aberdeen Centre Food Court - although the original shop still surpasses; this express isn't too shabby!

Famous for their boneless Hananiese chicken and rice; they are juicy, tender, and well seasoned. This place does live up to the hype unlike Jehtro's (click)

 
Hananiese Chicken Rice

As mentioned before the Hananiese chicken is juicy and delicious especially when you don't have to gnaw at the bones. The rice is pretty well seasoned too and isnt too oily. Overall a solid dish. Only time missing is some minced ginger and green onion sauce! It is so delicious to mix into your rice
 
Laska noodles with Hananiese Chicken

 
The broth is very flavorful. It is a strong coconut based curry soup with sambal chili paste and also includes bean curd puffs and bean sprout garnishes. However, it would've been nice if it was slightly more spicy. But I understand not everyone can handle that. The noodles itself has a twist of added texture - both vermicelli and regular egg noodles.
 
Would I return? For sure! Ten bucks gets me a meal plus a ice lemon tea; sounds pretty good. Besides, it seems like a better alternative from oily food court grub..."
"Saturday lunch and heard about this spot for Hainanese chicken so had to try as I got it with soup. The line moved fast and my order was out within minutes.

The chicken itself was tender and not too flavorful unless dipped in the chili sauces which were really nice. The chicken itself was very lukewarm, almost cold which had me worried. Is it normally like so? The rice had some hard pieces which wasn't a big deal but not the best

A little pricey as it came out to 10.65 before tax, it's a bit more than what I was used to for a mall food court but the portion was a full plate. I hope to try Hainanese chicken again and become familiar with it more"
"Came her for lunch at around 1230 on a Friday when I suddenly craved some laksa. I haven't had anything else on their menu yet so this review is specifically for the laksa.

I ordered the fish ball laksa. Didn't have to wait too long for my order which was nice. They do it traditional style with the 2 types of noodles (I didn't realize this and have this very weird thing where I do not like different noodle types in one dish. So my review may be slightly biased) vermicelli and oil noodles. The ratio of noodle to toppings is very fair. Although for me there was a lot of noodle as I couldn't finish it all. The soup was okay. Nothing special. There wasn't too much depth to the flavours so I'm not sure if the base is made in house. The price range is similar to other stalls in the food court. Nothing too exciting just average to me."
This is my go-to spot at Aberdeen when I'm there. Their boneless Hainanese chicken with rice is the bomb! I always ask for extra dipping sauces because I love it on the chicken AND on the rice. :) The portion is quite reasonable for the under $10.00. It also comes with a side of soup. The Hainanese chicken tastes amazing and sliced perfectly every time. Also, the lady who works at the front is very friendly and quick with prepping your order. :)
"Within Aberdeen Centre, Cafe D'Lite Express is the Singaporean cuisine representative of the food court, which is one of my favorite places to go when in Richmond due to the variety. As the express moniker indicates, the menu is fairly limited. Rice and noodle dishes rule.

The star of the menu is the Hainan chicken which is served in numerous dishes. The other focus seems to be the other recognizable dish of Singapore which is laksa, a spicy noodle soup. Thus, the logical item for me to order was the Hainan chicken laksa ($6.75).

The wait was on the long side. Despite this being a food court, do not expect your order to come out with fast food quickness. These dishes are a bit more complicated, so be a bit patient about this.

The laksa is served in a disposable bowl which is okay, though I thought they were a little skimpy on utensils and napkins. The dish itself was okay. It did not really blow me away with the taste. The noodles which were there were two types were average. I did like the spicy flavor of the soup base and the chicken was pretty good.  I do not usually like this preparation of chicken, but it fit in well in this dish. Though I thought the bean sprouts did not. The problem with them is they are one of those ingredients that seems to take away rather than add flavor.

Value wise, you do get a filling meal at a good price here. Cafe D'Lite is worth a try if you are looking for some decent Singaporean food at Aberdeen."
Honestly, I don't really eat food court food but it was really delicious here! I love that there are two types of noodles in the bowl and the chicken is so juicy and tender!! I have come back here twice within the week now. I just moved to Burnaby so this is pretty different compared to Torontos food court food :o
"I'm from California and I spent a few months working on a project in Richmond, BC. Everytime I was at Aberdeen Centre I had to have the hainan chicken combo from this place!

*FOOD- 5/5 The Hainan Chicken Combo was my favorite from the food court. It came with juicy fragrant boneless chicken, the fluffiest rice, two different tangy sauces that pulled all the flavors together, and a side of soup that often came with a chunk of pumpkin in it. 

*LOCATION- 5/5 Located inside of Aberdeen Centre Mall. This mall has a large food court with so many delicious asian cuisines & desserts.

*PARKING- 4/5 They offer meter parking on the streets (be careful! They do check!) They also have a parking garage. 

*CLEANLINESS 3.5/5 After spending some time at the mall, let's just say don't expect the food court to be squeaky clean. I've never gotten sick from eating here. But if I had to rate this stall alone, it seemed fairly clean they wear gloves to handle the food."
"=== 1. VERDICT/VALUE
Look no further if you're in search of great-tasting boneless Hainanese chicken available quickly at reasonable prices - highly recommended for friends and family!

=== 2. FOOD
On this day, we had the Hainan Chicken Rice ($11.75), upgraded to an extra leg for $3.75 more - worth the price of admission.  If the taste of boneless Hainanese chicken in hawker centers in Singapore appeal to you, you'll find  very similar taste and texture here!  

The price also includes a small cup of soup.

=== 3. SERVICE
Works well in English and Cantonese; be sure to bring cash with you as that's the only form of payment they accept.  Speed of getting your dish is very fast (2-3 minutes) unless they've sold dishes in quick succession before your order.

=== 4. ENVIRONMENT
It's in the food court, so it's a takeout counter, but because it's the Aberdeen food court, there's plenty of tables available.  Naturally, wheelchairs and baby strollers fit well and parking is plentiful in the adjacent parkade."
i cannot get enough of this place! food is delicious and made fresh to order. This is malalysian food at it's finest and i'll been here many times now. prices are cheap, and the food is very authentic. I'm a big fan of the Laksa, Mee Rebus, Mee Siam and the Mee Goreng. Please open a larger store!
"Their service model is as casual as their set up. You approach the counter, fronting their open kitchen. You place your order from a menu of over 30 options. The three pages of it is taped to the wall, and you can see that nothing on it is more than $6. And if you are like me and need visuals, you can look up to a listing of their 18 most popular dishes with coloured pictures, above. You pick your seat from a choice of 8 and wait for your order to be up. Once called you grab your plates and begin to enjoy. Water is also self serve, from a pitcher and glasses to the side. And if you need more napkins or dropped your eating implements, getting additional is as easy as looking to your table top, as it is all there for easy access. No fuss no muss. 
Today I came with a girlfriend who is as passionate as me over Malaysian style cuisine. We ordered three items at $5.75 per plate, and shared each. It was more than enough to feed 2 hungry women. 

""Laksa"". This is my absolute favourite dish in the world. I love all its varieties anywhere, but here at ""Hawker's"" I find it the most authentic. ""Laksa"" is thick rice noodles served in mild curry, made from rich coconut milk and dried shrimp. The noodles are topped with tofu puffs, fish cakes, shredded chicken, prawns, bean sprouts, and a hard boiled egg. The taste is indescribable, a great melding of hot, spicy, fishy, and curry. A must try for those who have never. 
It is hard to describe the flavours of the above dish, as it is something I am very familiar with; having grown up eating this type cuisine. This was what breakfast, lunch, and dinner looked liked; minus rice. And it came as normal every day food, until I was enrolled in school in Canada. Where hotdogs and hamburgers became more of a commonality. But I can successfully summarize that I liked the taste of everything we ordered, it satisfied my cravings, and I will be back for more. 

Would I come back? - Yes, as concluded in my paragraph above. Great food at a truly better price. You can't even get a fast food combo for under $6. The area on Main Street is nice, with easy to find meter and side road parking. The food comes fast and you are left feeling full. 
Would I recommend it? - For those not familiar with the cuisine this may be an adventure for you. With heavy spices and exotic flavours, your tongue and stomach may get over whelmed. But for those who are already fans of it, this is a must try as I have already mentioned, this is the real deal in authenticity. The cooking staff even speak ""Hokkien"", a specific dialect in Malaysia. As an expert in Malaysian cuisine this gets my ""don't deny your cravings"" seal of approval."
So my friend recommended this place to me, stating that it was one of her favourite places for comfort food. Now that I have visited, I can definitely vouch for that! Although it looks like the typical hole in the wall restaurant from the outside, the synergy  of the simplistic decor and and complete view of the kitchen from the till counter creates a unusually pleasant atmosphere  This place takes on a fast food style system, where you order and pay first, then self-serve water and cutlery. The cashier was relatively friendly,  and the food was finished in moderate speed. The quality of the food was great, the Mee Soto I ordered was a generous portion,  and you can't go wrong with a good Roti. I'm eager to return; its a shame that the location is so inconvenient towards my daily schedule.
"Normally, for a place like this, I would give it three stars because it was A-OK.  However, with prices this amazing, it makes me a huge fan!  $4.75 for a mee goreng?? Yes, please!  The food is pretty good, not the highest quality... but the traditional Hawkers in south east asia aren't know for quality.  They're known for their inexpensiveness.  And that's exactly what Hawker's is known for. 

They also seemed to have a lot of veggie friendly items.  I shall be back."
"This is  fantastic little place to eat (and I mean little, the room is Tiny!) I've never had the tofu puffs everyone raves about, but I think I've enjoyed just about everything else, and really, I mean 'enjoyed'~ I've found the food to be consistently delicious.

Notable about Hawker's is that it passes the test of authenticity; so many restaurants offering cuisine from around the world have to pare down recipes to make them more palatable for the masses, and I understand why this happens. I mean, everyone's got bills to pay, right? And if easing off on the (fish sauce, hot peppers, anchovies, whatever) manages to get em paid, well.... that said, I always appreciate a place that manages to grind out enough of a reputation for quality, consistency, affordability, et cetera, that it can manage maintain authenticity despite the fact that some folks simply aren't going to like it. Hawker's does this. So if you like trying new things and aren't afraid of new flavours, give Hawker's a try.

Oh, and it's dynamite cheap  :)"
"WOW! Never thought I would find authentic Singaporean cuisine in Vancouver. Had char kway teow (stir-fried rice noodles), chicken curry with rice, and two roti pratas (fried flour pancake). Everything was top-notch and tasted just as good as if I was at a first-rate hawker centre in Singapore. WOW!

Seating was hard to come by when we walked in, but we ordered and while waiting for the food a table cleared up. Most people just eat and go so turnover of tables is high."
"Have you searched high and low in Vancouver for cheap, hawker-type Malaysian food? Well, search no more. Hawker's Delight has some of the best and cheap cheap cheap Malaysian food. We're talking feed a family of four on 20 bucks cheap.

Their char kuay teow is excellent, so is the mee goreng. They have hard to find dishes like gado gado. Very very good.

It's not really the type of place you go for the ambiance and its tiny so it can get pretty cramped on a busy day. But hey, it's reminiscent of the dirty busy hawker stands that I grew up with :)

Unfortunately, Hawker's Delight is closed for holiday right now so go check it out in September 2008."
"We came here because we heard they had good Laksa.  And they do!  There version has a good favor and the shrimp paste comes through in a good way.  Just enough spice to make things tingle but not so hot to melt you.  I also had the Char away teow and it was good.  I got the spicy version on a lark.  Versions I've had other places (including Singapore) had more of a ""caramelized"" taste from the soy and walk than this one, but all the ingrates came through nicely.  The noodles were nicely done as well.  If we lived near by, I'm sure this would be come a common occurrence to spend a nice lunch here.  It is small, so be polite and don't linger, make room for others to enjoy the laksa!"
"Oh dayum! Malaysian food is my SH*T!!!!! 

I love hole in the wall joints like this one! big portions, greasy, big flavor, greasy, stick to your ribs, greasy, grimy atmosphere.!! my kind of joint! 

lets start of with the staples. Hainanese chicken n rice= Bomb
Laksa = spicy bomb 
Mee Goreng= spicy fish saucy goodness 
Lamn curry rice=  amazing

OK seriously... this is why I'm fat! how can i eat healthy with all these temptations near me!??!? fast cheap exotic food... you're killing me! 

This place is Cash only, you grab your own water and cutlery... This is not your average booshy lil hoyty toyty restaurant...  just great food served by honest hard working people!   Respect!"
Hands down my favourite restaurant in the city. Period. All of their food is super tasty, and outrageously affordable. Two people can stuff themselves for $14! My girlfriend and I come here more than any other spot in town, and it never disappoints. The Mee Goreng is especially great, and you can't go to Hawkers without getting a bunch of fritters. And roti fans, this roti is second to none in this city. Be sure to check them out, and bring cash!
"The important stuff: Cash Only, not good for groups, greasy (but delicious) food

I love me some greasy street food, and Malaysia is FAMOUS for offering up some of the best in the world! Let me tell you, Hawkers does not disappoint. 

Personally, I love the sketchy decor, cheap neon plastic cups, picture menu plastered walls, and the challenge of grabbing a table (and sometimes literally hovering over someone's shoulder while they slurp up their last noodle). Sure that would completely annoy me in any other establishment - but I guess one could blame it on nostalgia. 

All the noodle dishes are good but *surprise*surprise* the laksa being my favorite. The tofu puffs are also a flavor explosion. Everything is also ridiculously cheap. When a fresh cooked meal is cheaper than going through a McDonald's drive-thru...it boggles my mind....

I love it for what it is - cheap, tasty, no frills ""street"" food - nothing more, nothing less."
My favorite place to eat in Vancouver. The prices could not be better. The Prawn noodle, Nasi Gorang, and Mee Siam are fantastic. It is small and the service runs more similar to a food court than a restaurant however.
good food reasonable price!!!!!! expect self service!!!!
"Hands down the best roti prata (canai) I've had in lower mainland. I also tried their vegetable fritter which was good. The prawn noodles were alright but the broth was stellar. We also ordered a fried noodle dish which had flat noodles, fish cake, prawns and chicken. We had the non-spicy option which was good too. I really liked their noodles, very thin and smooth. I hate thick and rubbery flat noodles. The only thing that bothered me was the ventilation of the place. Due to all the spices cooking up in the kitchen, I had a hard time breathing. Other than that it's definitely the place to be for Malay/Singaporean food. 

Next dish to try is their laksa!"
"I went with a friend and we are both fans! I'm still thinking about the rice cakes in the soup. i wish I could tell you what we ordered but since my friend ordered, i can say it was # 2 and a noodle dish on the wall beside the till.
it's small so you might not get a seat but the food is very good and the prices are also great.
check this place out and you will not be sorry!!"
Awesome place! I always order the lamb curry (one of the best in town) and hainanese chicken. Drawback is it's closed early and on Sundays. .. annoying that it's cash only and parking around the area is a challenge.
Great value! Great flavours! Cozy little hole-in-the-wall. Line-up out the door by 6:30 on a Friday evening.
"Hawkers reminds me of the street vendors in Asia.  It is a no frills restaurant, where you clear your own plates, pay up front, and grab a table of your choice.  I really enjoyed their Singaporean dishes and I especially liked their prices.  We got a variety of dishes and shared it among 4 people with it being around $10 per person.

Some of the dishes we got were: 
Mee Goreng
Laksa
Hainese Chicken
Chicken Curry Noodle Rice 

Overall it was very satisfying and I would come here again just for a no frills dinner out that won't break the bank"
"Great hole in the wall for cheap, greasy and authentic Singaporean food. Perhaps too greasy for some!  Anyways, it's always packed. I like the mee rebus and mee siam. The veggie fritters they have at the counter are delicious, $1.50 for fritters that are fresher than ones I've paid $7 for at fancier Malaysian restaurants.

Just be aware that paying $6 for your whole meal doesn't buy you fancy ingredients. The preparations are pretty basic fast food stuff."
"I give this place a 4.5 star and will come back to try out other things on their menu.
I came here over the weekend and man was this place packed. 
It's a place where you order and then find yourself a seat so they can bring you your food. The place is pretty small but.. I have to say it's a pretty attractive place. A lot of people were ordering food to go and lots of different nationality in the restaurant. 
I ordered a Haianese Chicken with rice for $8.95. They provided a very generous amount of rice. I have no complaints about that but it's a lot of carbs for me. But I actually finished it. Their chicken is boneless and it tasted pretty good. 
Their sauce that they provided is really good too. You pretty much get a chili chicken sauce with ginger. 
Overall, really worth the try if you are in the area and worth the 10 minutes of looking for a parking spot too. :) Can't wait to try out the other things on their menu. Their menu is simple and definitely great having pictures to show how each dish should look like. Just really wish that this place can be bigger so that the seating would be more comfortable and less hearing of ""excuse me"". Let me warn you that the decor does seem a bit out of date as well."
I recently went back to Singapore and the food at Hawkers BEATS or is as good as the authentic stuff in SE Asia. And with prices like they have. Great! Now I don't have to pay Air Canada an arm and a leg to eat like I did when I lived in Singapore.
"Best spot for lunch on Main street. I have 5 favourite dishes their which makes it so difficult to decide. But I alwasy know to add a couple fresh fritters to every meal.  
Unbeatable prices, full of flavour and never more than a 15 minute wait for a table"
"The food for a dollar ratio at Hawkers is hard to beat.  The value is so phenomenal that this small noodle house has received more love from reviewers than perhaps they deserve.  The few dishes I tried were all good, but not exceptional or noteworthy.  My expectations may simply have been set too high, which led to a sense of disappointment post meal.  Hawkers is good, just not great.  

If you want cheap tasty noodles on your way home from work or at the end of a long day, Hawkers is where you should go."
Awesome value for money! I'm a regular. It's fast and yummy. Not the greatest ambiance and if you sit in there too long you end up smelling like curry if the windows are closed. However I will always go back as the food is good and price is fantastic.
Cheap, tasty, quick. The veggie fritters come with an awesome dipping sauce; essential add on.
"Price - inexpensive
Food - good for taste, relatively oily to very oily (roti, mee goreng, nasi goreng)

started with excitement and ended with plenty of oil in mouth and stomach."
"Great cheap food and a freakin amazing selection of dishes

Too bad about the satay off the menu because that was my fav

The Hainanese chicken rice still pretty good ($5-6) and quite filling... Damn ! 5 bucks ! that's the cost of an over-priced caffeinated drink at Starbucks. Mee Goreng OK - but you get what you pay for ... not a lot of ingredients but filling

Place is crowded at lunch hr - do it chinese style... share a table.... quick and friendly service"
Cheap and tasty! It's not really a sit down and relax sort of place, so it's best to grab your food to go. Don't forget to bring cash!
"If you're looking for a place with a vibe or ambience, you probably won't enjoy Hawkers on Main.

This is a fast, cheap place to eat that makes no excuses. You line up, order, grab your own utensils and find a seat.

Laksa - Vancouver has very few places that offer a half decent laksa. This is one of those places ****
Chicken curry with rice - This is simply chicken, potatoes, curry and rice. If you prefer a more complex dish, don't get this. For me it's great comfort food and I can see myself ordering this during the winter months. ***
Char Kway Teow - I'm confident this is one of the best char kway teows I've ever had. Tried it twice, and both times it was perfect. Noodles cooked perfectly, not broken up, and not drowned in oil either. Earlier reviews said it had the perfect taste, and they were all absolutely right. *****
Curry puffs - spot on with the amount of spice, but being pre-cooked the pastry isn't spectacular. ***

Planning on returning to try their hainan chicken and nasi goreng this week."
We lived in Penang, Malaysia for 2 years and to say that we have missed the food since moving back would be a massive understatement.  Vancouver had a few different Malaysian restaurants that we looked at, although from the reviews, they all looked to be a more modern take/fusion implementation of what we missed so much.  Not Hawkers's Delight.  It was exactly what we were hoping for and took us back to the hawker stalls we loved to eat at in Penang.  The flavor of the Char Koay Teow was spot on, the roti canai and curry sauce were fantastic, as was the nasi goreng.  So happy we found his place!  prices were great too!
"My favourite place for Laksa. Very flavourful, rich in ingredient, and fulfilling. The other dishes are fine too, but you have to try the Laksa! 
(The heavy coconut milk in the soup may make you run to the bathroom later.)"
"K, having been to Malaysia I had to come here and see if this was the real deal. When I walked in, I felt like I was transported back to Penang. Rude/indifferent/""efficient"" service and all :)

Well face it, you don't come to Hawkers to expect someone to coat check your jacket or show you to your table. Once you get over that and soak in the predominantly Malay menu, go ahead and place an order. Buyer beware: CASH ONLY. As if that would have been a surprise...

I had the mee goreng as a baseline for other dishes I'd likely come back to try. It came out very quickly and was PIPING hot. You can tell it came flaming off the wok (my fellow Asians would appreciate this). This is more than I can say for other sit-down places offering Malaysian food *cough* Banana Leaf *cough*. 

After giving it a couple minutes to cool, I dug into my food. It tasted very authentic Malaysian and had a bit of kick to it as well. The portion was surprisingly big for a dish under $6. I wasn't Thanksgiving Dinner full, but I was content. 

I will definitely come back and try other dishes I miss from being in SE Asia (Laksa and mee siam? YES please!). If you've been to that part of the world (specifically Gurney Drive in Penang), you will definitely take a trip down memory lane by walking into this place."
"Haven't had Malaysian/indo food for a while so need to have my fix.  What a great choice this was for a fast lunch (since I was on a time crunch).

I knew exactly what I wanted before I looked at the menu, since it's what I always get.

Laksa & hainanese chicken rice.

I felt that the laksa wasn't as spicy as I'm used to, however the coconuttiness of it was absolutely delightful.

No complaints about the hainanese chicken rice.

Fast service, yummy and good price!

5 stars easy!"
"Om nom nom! I love Hawkers! I crave this place all the time. I really wish I had got an extra dish to take home for my lunch. Damn! 

Thinking of Hawkers takes me back over 4 years ago when I lived a few blocks away. Me and my roommate would wander up this way with the intent of getting groceries from the produce market a couple doors down. But passing Hawkers and knowing we could eat a full meal for $5 and save ourselves the effort of cooking was often too much for two poor and time strapped students to pass up! It was especially hard when they had the bay windows open so you could smell the food. To exemplify how much we liked this place, when I texted my friend to say I was having Hawkers for dinner last night, she replied with, ""You bastard."" 

Anyhow, I pop in here whenever I am in the neighbourhood and want some cheap eats. I love the veggie fritters at the front counter, now. So good. I used to always get Nasi Goreng, Mee Rebus, or Mee Goreng, but yesterday I decided to try something different. I went with the Sayur Lodeh. It was good, for sure. I really liked the coconut broth which I totally polished off even though I could see the grease floating on it. Yum! 

Tips: A spicy dish of Nasi Goreng will cure your oncoming cold! It's true. Though, I don't suggest playing sports after a big dish of the spicy stuff. Ugh. 
Also, they will gladly put your order in your own tupperware if you bring it.  Yay!

The bathroom is to be avoided. It's basically a closet if I remember right. And I really hate having to walk past kitchens to get to bathrooms. I didn't use it yesterday, but I doubt it has changed. 

There were some changes though.... The lamb curry price has gone up. It's $7 or $7.25 or something now. Seems to be the only one that has changed, but it is an expensive meat, so no big surprise considering their prices haven't changed in the last 4 years. They also got new chopsticks! Some pretty green plastic ones. 

Cash only!"
"A great no frills joint. (I normally just grab take out here . ) Delicious authentic Singaporean/Malay food.

Dishes are about 8 dollars each. Large generous portions 

I would recommend the gado gado and lamb curry."
It's rare to find hole in the walls like this place. Cash only and you order at the counter before sitting down. The food is authentically Singaporean. How do I know that? I don't know. But it sounded good. I had ordered the chicken curry dish and some of those wonderful veggie fritters. They were so good. I'll be back to try other items.
"My friend raves about this place. It's as authentic you can get in Vancouver for Singaporean food.

So I stopped by with my lady and ordered the Nasi Goreng. The place was busy, but we were able to grab a table as a couple left. The fried rice arrived and while it was good and spicy, it wasn't great or amazing.

Yes, cheap and flavorful. But not OMG AMAZING STUFF MY MOUTH!!!! Also, my clothes stank of fry oil when I left.

But I need to go back because:
a) I only had one dish. 

b) my girlfriend refuses to eat anything fried and everything there seemed fried... putting pressure on me to finish my Nasi Goreng quickly and move on.

c) the wait for my food seemed a lot longer than what was delivered. Take out is recommended.

d) I need to order what everyone raves about: the Mee Goreng and Veggy Fritters.

Also, CASH ONLY!"
Hainanese chicken was warm, bland and no green onion sauce. Laksa broth was a little too spicy for my taste and overly sweet.
Super amazing cheap place!! Everything is super cheap. It is a bit greasy but for the price who cares. There are a lot of vegetarian options. I love the vegetable fritters and the mee gorang. It's not a place to eat in though as there are limited tables. It's better for take out. Great local place.
Stopped in here for fast, cheap, tasty takeout - and it was! The tofu goreng was delightful: deep-fried cubes of tofu had a bit of resistance to the bite, but inside were chewy and just-right, and were bathed in plenty of savoury peanut sauce along with chunks of cucumber on a bed of bean sprouts. The veggie fritters were not too greasy by my standards, delicately crispy on the outside and gooey-soft inside (not to say raw - definitely cooked and very tasty, studded with bits of various fresh veggies), and came with a Thai-type vinegar dressing for dipping. Yumyumyum! And all for less than $7. I appreciated the yelpers who pointed out that this is a CASH-ONLY restaurant so I will add that in here, too.
I was hungry for Hainanese Chicken & Oil Rice to go. Best place USED to be City 1 Cafe until they changed hands and the original family operators passed it on. Came with a side of chili sauce and minced ginger/oil to add more flavor as needed. Was SO delicious, moist & memorably delicious. Now smaller portions, less memorable. Soho Tea Room's version is super bland, no flavor & quite dry in comparison. Today's lunch from Hawkers Design tho was good in terms of portion, taste, service & value. Chicken was moist and tasty, a bit on greasy/oily side, and 3 cucumber chunks tasted a bit old/not fresh. No side of ginger/oil, or microwaving chicken (although I did see one being used for someone else's noodle takeaway). Passed on chili oil. True, the lady at front seems to find it hard to crack a smile but she does her job fast with efficiency. It hit the spot for the fix I needed. Not the best, but not my worst. I'd go back as is and ensure I enjoy a hot cup of tea to wash down the excess oil, as I'm doing now. Place was jam-packed with diners and takeout pick-ups. Very cheap, greasy spoon.
The last few visits here the food was not as flavorful as before and I don't know why. Same cook but somehow not so flavorful. so I will deduct one star and see what happens later.
"I've only been here once and am of two minds. I'd award it 2.5 stars, based on my first impressions, but since Yelp uses whole-value ratings, Hawkers gets a 3 from me for now. The three is, in part, to be fair, since I didn't try some of the other dishes such as the laksa. 

The restaurant is small with limited seating. It's a cash-only place where the menu is posted on the wall, you have to get the napkins and cutlery yourself, and the takeout container will set you back a quarter each. Not the kind of place to impress your date. 

We ordered roti, mee goreng (noodles), and nasi goreng (rice). The roti was good. However, neither of the gorengs were spicy despite ordering them as such. I also thought the rice was oddly fluffy. Overall flavor was meh. 

The gorengs were in the $7 range, so from a quality-over-quantity perspective, the dishes fared well, though I wouldn't quantify them as being huge. Might hit the spot for those aiming for a quick lunch. 

If I ever go back, I'd try out the laksa."
"Hawker's was my favourite place for cheap and really great Malaysian eats as student, when I didn't have much money.  It had been a while since I'd ordered from there, but I had a craving last night and stopped on my way home from work.  Parking around there is nuts; if you can't find meter parking on the street, the residential streets have signs for residents only for most of each block.  Don't bother trying during the Olympics because large signs have been posted that say no parking at all except for residents of that block.  

But aside from the parking issue, which is no fault of theirs, Hawker's is worth the hassle.  It is definitely a hole in the wall,  no decor whatsoever, and the tables and chairs are really cheap, but the focus there is definitely on the food!  I think the whole family works there, and they are all busy during meal times.  Many people order take out because there are limited tables in the place, so most people are just standing around waiting for their orders.

Last night, I ordered Lontong and Dried Noodles, plus some Veggie Fritters to snack on while I waited.  That's two meals and a snack for $11!  I've tried nearly everything on the menu and can't say I've had anything there that I didn't like."
I Loooove me my Hawkers.  This is my go to whenever I don't feel like cooking or really going out for food.  I have tried everything veg and my husband everything meat and I like all of them except for the curry, too dry and salty like they have it in the slow cooker all day.  I love everything else and my huband's fave is anything with pressed rice.  And yes, try the fritters under the heat lamp, they are delicious!  They are just like the ones my mom used to make me when I was little.
"Delicious!

There was so much choice I didnt know what to order, I basically asked the lady behind the counter to order for me! She ordered the broad rice noodles stir fried with soy, brean sprouts, bok choy, shrimp, and chicken.  

I also got two veggie fritters (SO good and crispy even though they were premade and not warm), and one stuffed puffy tofu--this one took the longest time, but it was yummy!  The tofu came stuffed with cucumber and bean sprouts and was topped with a peanut sauce.

The value for money cannot be beat! (*I think that's my favourite line, right there. lol)

Next time I think I will order a bowl of noodle soup as I found all the grease in my mouth from the noodles, fritters and tofu was leaving me wanting to eat  kimchi to cut the grease.  The hot tea helped melt it off my tongue a bit though."
"Had the hainaise or however u spell it chicken for 9.00. Wanted to try their other dishes but decided chicken was safer bet. The portions where's decent and taste good. Only downer is many places comes with a small clear soup with it and there was none here. Also ordered spring rolls for 2.00 but that's nothing to write about. Only major complaint is they mainly had canned pop which isn't really my thing. Will be back to try the other dishes. Next time I'll bring coffee or something else to drink. 

Went for a 2nd visit and has fried kway teow. At least that's how it's spelled by one of the pics on yelp.  Food was exactly like pic. Had some noodles,tofu,chicken or pork (can't tell). Wasn't that good and it's both spicy n sweet taste. Just not my thing and won't be back.  Can do better at most Chinese restaurants"
"If hole-in-a-wall kind of place and cheap eats is what you are after; this place is it. I came from  Flushing, NY and have been to a lot of Asian countries - so I am exposed to these kinds of cuisine. We had the Laksa, Roti. and Nasi Goreng. 

The laksa and the nasi goreng looks right and the taste is there; but it needs more oooph. They must have adjusted the taste to fit american taste.

It is very hard to f up roti; the sauce that came with it needs more spiciness tho.

Will definitely come back to this place as there is no one better in the area."
This place is authentic and delicious. I alwaysssss get their veggie fritters, and as someone who doesn't normally love vegetables.. these fritters are amazing. I also love their laksa, perfect amount of spice, creaminess, and toppings.
"I'm a Malaysian expat, originally from Penang - the birthplace and mecca of hawker food. I had high expectations for Hawker's Delight.

My first let down was that this is not Penang or Malaysian hawker food, but Singaporean.  Hawker food spread to Singapore by way of migrant Malaysian workers.  It's not bad, but it's just once or twice removed from its roots.  The second let down was half expected, but the food has no where near the amount of chili as the real thing, but then again Malaysian hawker food is volcanic and probably inedible to the average western palate.

After that though, it was all good.  The satay were good. Mainstays like Laksa, Hainanese Chicken Rice and Char Quay Teow are tasty if, as mentioned, no where near hot enough to be authentic.  All in all, considering the great pricing, I'll be back next time I'm in Vancouver.

As an amusing side note, the phrase Hawker's Food comes from the Britishism of ""hawking"" (selling) one's wares.  Before the government organized them into eating courts, hawkers would set up their stalls and call to their potential customers, ""hawking"" their food.  I read the amusing anecdote about it coming from the Hakka people, but the Chinese of Malaysia are overwhelmingly Teochew or Fujian both of the Han people, as are most Chinese outside of China are Han.  The South had access to the ports of Canton, Hong Kong and Amoy.  The Northern Hakka are mostly from the modern second wave of migration."
Went in and realized it was cash only so had to go to an ATM. When I came back I ordered Tofu goreng and Roti. Tofu could use a little bit more spice, by the roti is AMAZING. So fluffy and crispy, and the sauce with it is delicious. Total of 12 ish dollars. Totally worth!
"This is another great local spot to grab a bite to take home. The inside of the restaurant is quite small and holds no real atmosphere. 
Solution: Get it to go.
The aroma in my car on the way home was amazing.
There Gado Gado was swimming in peanut sauce, the Nasi Gorang was just what I wanted and the curried chicken had two nice big whole pieces of chicken in lots of yummy curry sauce to coat the rice."
"Besides the lady being a bit unfriendly everything about this place is gooood! It's a small place with paid street parking, neighbourhood free 2HR parking available near the vicinity. 

I suggest trying out any of their laksa because it's very savoury and flavourful! Probably the best laksa I've had so far..

The Mee Goreng was just so so because it tasted bland but the noodles were made well from what I can taste! 

Roti Canai was also just OK. The roti was bomb but I thought the curry dip could have more flavour like Banana Leaf's. 

I also took their Curry Puff to-go and this was BOMB. It was the cherry on the top. If it wasn't for this, I probably would have given 3 stars!

The lady being a bit cold and rude doesn't bother me one bit because I've accustomed to it growing up in Asia haha. But other people might not like it so just saying.

This is my first visit here and so I will update my review the next time I visit it!"
"Tried the Hainanese chicken rice for the first time and it was DELICIOUS. For the price, quality, and authenticity this is a must go to restaurant when you're craving something delicious. Being completely honest, there are not many places in Vancouver any more that serve quality food, at a decent price. Hawkers provided both with an added bonus of authenticity. 

There is usually a wait if you go during peak hours, however I usually order in before hand and walk in to pick it up which is usually hassle free!"
Good, cheap, fast, plenty of vegetarian options. Had the Spicy Mee Goreng, which was excellent, and the Tofu Goreng, which was OK; also, the veggie fritters are amazing.
Small restaurant. The food is good, simple, and cheap. Good place to eat when in a rush, on a budget, and hungry!
"I've only had a few items here, and all were tasty, but damn I love those cheap and greasy vegetable fritters. They're 2 for a dollar and come with a sweet & vinegar dipping sauce.  

If you've had Filipino food, these are like okoy, but without the shrimp. And okoy are a complete pain in the neck to make, so these are a very good substitute for when you are craving them but don't want to go through all that effort. Just take them home and make your own vinegar/ garlic/ fish sauce dipping sauce and you will hardly notice the difference."
Very tasty food and decent portion sizes. I had the mee goreng spicy with chicken added. One of the best mee gorengs I've had in awhile. Fresh ingredients and the very satisfying. Prices are very reasonable. For under $10, I would eat this than any fast food joint. The only thing is I wish the place was a little bigger but  maybe it's to give it that asian hawker style atmosphere. Great for take out as well but I think the portions generally will be bigger if you ate in.
"Place is small.
Had the laksa - so so (it's not the penang assam laksa, I believe it's the KL type).
The Vege Curry was excellent."
If you need a cheap south east asian food fix, Hawkers is for you. All the food is made to order. Is hearty and tasty and some of the very best value in Vancouver. For what it is and what it offers, Hawkers is tops.
"The lamb curry in this place is amazing, and the chicken kind does not come very far behind. I've never met anyone who has gone here and not liked it.

The price-quantity ratio is excellent - you'll get a really large meal for less than 10 bucks, and it'll taste like it cost about twice as much.

One downside is the small size of the place - it can get crowded and uncomfortable really quickly, so take-out is an even better option."
Does not disappoint.  I'm always absolutely stuffed after eating here and nothing beats a $5 meal.  Sure it might not look great inside but the food is good.  A good variety with real big portions.
"After seeing a review from Sarah decided to try this place out as I love Malaysian indonesian styles food. As expected, this place is a serious hole in the wall. 

Ordered the gado gado and the hainese chicken.The only thing I didn't like was the constant wok banging behind my ears. I guess the kitchen is pretty open but the sound of metal on metal was irritating. I'll probably go back and try other dishes for sure though when I'm in the area. 

Everything is so cheap here, cheaper than McDonalds."
This is what you call a mom and pop restaurant. Long  story short, flavors are real authentic. Crowded and small place. Prices are good. Great location. Had hainan chicken rice, Singapore Laksa and Mee Goreng. All good. Would come back and try othe fried rice noodle among other dishes, the fried rice noodle .
I wish they open Sunday too. That's why 4 stars. Their laksa uses wheat noodle not a rice noodle but so tasty. The combination with seafood broth and coconut milk are awesome.
"Used to come down to this place on a weekly basis and unfortunately took a job that has brought me to Burnaby.  If I could I wouldn't mind coming in daily.  

The menu is pretty self explanitory and is available in both a menu/take out style or just look up and it is available on three walls!  If you don't really know what to order there are pictures for the food.  I would recommend the Hainanese Chicken and Satay... sorry if I spelt that wrong. Its quick and for under $10 a good eat!"
"Good Malaysian food is tough for me to find back home so when my Vancouver buddy told me about Hawker's Delight, I was all over it. Seriously, this place is hole in the wall GOLD.

Almost everything is $6-7 per dish, which I didn't know exists these days. The perfect place to go for homemade Malaysian and Singaporean deliciousness. As you would expect, the décor is minimal and you have to grab your own water/tea. No big deal unless you're a princess.

We were hungry but there were only three of us. However, we were pretty gung ho and decided to order six dishes (technically, we only were going to order five but the lady convinced us to get roti):
- Laksa ($7.00) - thick rice noodles in a mild curry, coconut milk with dried shrimp, tofu puff, fish cake, egg, shredded chicken, prawns and bean sprouts. The broth is smooth and creamy, with only the teeniest hint of spiciness to it. Tasty but I've had better ones recently.
- Hainanese chicken rice ($7.00) - chicken leg served in chicken flavoured rice with cucumber and tomatoes. Comes with a really delicious vinegar-chili sauce. The hainanese chicken was light and flavourful. Such a solid plate.
- Mee goreng ($6.50) - fried wheat noodles with egg, bean sprouts, onion, tomatoes, tofu, diced potatoes and yu choy. Nicely fried, crispy, and not greasy. We ate all of this bad boy.
- Roti ($5.00) - light, fluffy, all you want in a roti along with an awesome dipping sauce.
- Lamb curry with rice ($12.00) - steamed rice served with lamb and vegetable curry stewed in rich spices. Lamb is one of my favourite things to order so we had to try it. The lamb was tender, juicy and just look how massive this plate is.
- Mee soto ($6.50) - yellow noodle with bean sprout, served in a chicken stock garnished with greens, chicken and fish cakes, Chinese celery and shallots. This was noodle overload for us. It had a very clean, hearty tasting broth - something you would order if you want to eat to be ""healthier"".

Clearly, we ordered an excessive amount of food but my one friend took the leftovers home. You have to pay $0.25 for a take out container. All I can say is that Hawker's Delight is boooooomb. Like seriously, if you've never been here before, you're missing out. Like a lot. With dirt cheap prices and delicious food, this is definitely a ""delight"". Oh yeah, cash only."
"This place sells itself on value. You can get a full meal here for less than $6. Not alot of places in Vancouver allow you to walk out with a full plate of rice or noodles with meat and veggies for less that 6 bucks. 

For the price, i think you get some great deals here. The Hainanese chicken rice comes with plenty of rice and a good amount of chicken. Both are flavored nicely. 

I also had the kuiteow and i found that to have alot of wok heat, which made the sauce caramelize very nicely into the noodles. I asked for it to be super spicy and that is what i got. The beef was also very tender and not overly fatty.

My most disliked item here was the fried vegetable fritters. They taste like friend potatoes, but every bite i took was very greasy .Biting into the fritter would release a jet of oil into my mouth. Definitely not a fan of that and would not eat that particular dish again."
I've been going here for 10 years, and they're my favorite take out place in the city. Affordable and awesome food, there's nowhere else in the city where you can get such large portions for such an amazing price. My favorites are the Mee Goreng, Vegetable Curry, and Veggie Fritters, delicious!
"Cheap, flavorful, and cheap. It's exactly what we wanted for dinner last night, but not exactly a place I'd bring visitors from out of town. And given how lethargic I felt after the grease and MSG settled in my tummy, I'm not sure if I'd go back any time soon. We had mee goreng (fried noodles) which was tasty but not great (""a little one note"") and I, on the other hand, scarfed down my Hainanese chicken rice which was perfectly seasoned, with nothing was overly sweetened. It's a good place, but the whole experience made me want to cook all this at home--with fresh organic ingredients, less oil, and no MSG--rather than come back to order it at Hawkers."
Cheap, fast, and delicious. I typically stick to laksa since that's what I tend to crave on a cold, rainy day. You must get the fritters too, but make sure they're hot and fresh. SO addictive. One of my favorite hole-in-the-walls. Definitely stop by for a quick lunch or snack.
I'd give Hawker's Delight a 4-5 for the tastiness and value of their food.  However, I was disappointed with their service several times.  Once I ordered a certain dish take out and when I got home realized they had given me something else.  More recently, I asked for a side serving of their rice noodles to accompany the Gado Gado I was getting.  The woman at the cash insisted that I could not order a side order of rice noodles, even when I told her that I was able to only two-three weeks earlier when I came in. So,  I ended up getting a side order of rice which was disappointing, because I was really looking forward to having my Gado Gado with rice noodles just as I had previously.
"Food: 5/5
Service: 3/5
Ambiance 5/5 (it has that authentic hawker feel)
Value: 5/5

Cheap, authentic Singaporean food. Reminiscent of a hawker center back in Singapore (with the large sign, self service, and the less than perfect cleanliness). There aren't many places I can satisfy both my stomach and my taste buds for $10, but this place is one of them. For those that can't afford to go to nice sit down Singaporean/Malaysian cuisine that often (Banana leaf, Tropika and Penang delight come to mind here), this place is a much cheaper alternative, with equivalent levels of food (minus service and presentation).

Usual orders for me are the Char Kuey Teow (9B on the paper menus, not listed on the large board), the Hainanese chicken rice, and Prawn Noodle .The Char Kuey Teow is authentic as it gets here. While it might lack the cockles, it has that 'Char' taste to it (slightly burned). Chicken is as greasy as it is tender, which for me, is a winning combination. Prawn Noodles fall short of what I can get at home, but for $7.50, and not having to cook it, it'll have to do. Mee Siam and Mee Rebus.

Note: this place is cash only, and there are line ups here can be quite long during peak hours"
Looks can be deceiving.  This little restaurant packs a flavorful punch in food and leaves you fully satisfied.  You can walk or drive by so easily without ever knowing the place ever existed.  A defi
The food is very good and the price is even better.  It's great if you drop by for a casual snack or a full meal.  You can eat like kings with the low prices that they have.  My personal favourites here are the fried rice, fried noodles, and the Gado Gado.  Their curry, veggie fritters and also their pork skewers are also very tasty as well.
"I haven't been here for a very long time. Definitely nice to revisit this place! Dont expect a fancy place cause its more of a self serve place - order the food and pay first, then you find your own table and get your own tea/utensils.

Its a really small restaurant that can probably fit at most 4 people per table. Most likely you wont see this restaurant from Main Street unless you were specifically looking for it. We went slightly before noon and it was really busy for such a small shop. 

Ordered the laska and roti which was on point. Good price for the size that you get. I hate it when you try to get laska at other places and it's just an overwhelming amount of spice...this was good! 

I would recommend this place to anyone if they're looking for laska!"
Lived in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, for many years, and I've ALWAYS been sorely disappointed with Canadian and American attempts at reproducing those cuisines... Until this place!! The laksa and roti paratha are so perfect that I literally cannot believe I am not dreaming! 11/10 stars!! Thank you for rekindling the light of my childhood!
Very cheaper prices to have different kind of foods as shown in pictures. . . Highly recommended. . .
"I wish I found this place sooner! This is small eatery, a wide but not too wide selection of dishes and, ça va sans dire, deciding what to try is always a tough task - SO. MUCH. GOODNESS. We had hainanese chicken and roti prata. But I wish I was hungry enough to order a main for myself instead of stealing bites of chicken from my boyfriend's plate! Noodles looked amazeballs, the hainanese chicken was juicy and not too fat (the whole point of hainanese chicken is to cook it in a why that keeps the fat, but hey, Singaporeans opt for a healthier version I guess!). Roti was crispy, not too chewy and not too fat, and the curry dip was perfect.
I tried these dishes in eateries and restaurants from other countries before and I can't tell if I like the Singaporean style better than others, but I can tell that everything was prepared quickly, it was flavourful and fresh. Can't wait to go back and try more.

*Important* CASH ONLY!"
"THE HOURS POSTED ARE WRONG! They are open 12pm - 9pm. And they're cash only.

It was impossible finding a current menu on the Internet (Google has failed me). Based on the Yelp menu photo posted by Carmina B. in March 2011, their prices have gone up. Most entree items are $5.75, except for the lamb/beef curry, which is $9. The popular Veggie Fritter (not on menu) is 2 for $1.12. Oh, and satay skewers are no longer available. Boyfriend was so sad! Le tear. :(

I had the chicken curry with rice and boyfriend had the fried kway teow (you have choice of spicy vs. non-spicy here). And we got a couple of veggie fritters to share. The whole lot came to $14 including tax, and the amount of food gave us a severe food coma. -_- The veggie fritters were too doughy; I enjoyed the tangy garlic sauce more than the fritters themselves. They might have been sitting under the lamp for too long though. If you get freshly deep fried crunchy fritters, I imagine they'd be quite nice. Both entrees were DELICIOUS! Yes, capital letters all around!! My chicken curry had a nice kick of spice and was rounded out by coconut milk. It had 2 big pieces of chicken leg and thigh, bone in. A tad salty, but no biggie when eaten with rice. The fried kway teow had a slightly charred-by-really-hot-wok flavour - you know that's wok fry done right! Not at all greasy. This was my favourite out of the two.

Restaurant was tiny and cramped - a true hole in the wall. We came in on Saturday 8pm, and there was a consistent flow of customers; actually, quite hard to get a table. You can hear the chef banging the wok right behind the register and it was really really warm. Kinda cool to be honest, feels like I'm in someone's home and I can hear them cooking for me. This place has potential to be bumped to 5 stars - we shall see how things fare out in future visits.

See complete current menu here:
http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/RQRRllOVx1hYJ3yYhiqQlQ?select=gpYvA7mWnPlVCtJiwtk8Aw
http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/RQRRllOVx1hYJ3yYhiqQlQ?select=log-Yyt_hNJOEu2y25mk5w"
"When people say hole-in-the-wall, this is exactly what they mean. But it's hole-in-the-wall in the very best way possible: cheap, fast, delicious and all the focus is on the food. The decor has improved slightly since their renovation, but it's still very utilitarian here. If the ambiance bothers you, you can always just order take-out.

Hawkers is probably just as fast and greasy as a meal from McD's, but better value, considering how much food you can get for $5. Plus it tastes way better! My go-to dish here is the 'dried bee hoon' noodle dish, which is thin noodles topped with sliced chasu, fishcakes, prawns, gailan and minced pork sauce. The dish is a generous size, and usually lasts me two meals unless I'm really starving. I'm personally not a fan of lamb, but I always hear other customers ordering the lamb curry.

Just talking about Hawker's is making me hungry! I better go back soon."
Remains my go to Malaysian/Singapore food when I want it quick. Mee Siam, Mee Rebus remain among my favourites on their menu. Cash only. Authentic and cheap.
"Background: I'm Chinese and I've been to Singapore.

Food: Veggie fritters are tangy and fantastic but should be served heated. Laksa (curry seafood noodle soup) has a rich seafood broth and all the right combo of ingredients, but noodles are lacking chewy flour texture of a fresh noodle. Nasi goreng has all the right ingredients again, basically a heavily seasoned vegetarian fried rice with way too much soy sauce. While this place is far from the best Malay in town, it's rates ok for my untrained Chinese palate.

Ambiance: Crowded 2-seater tables and countertop seats.  Just marginally better than actually eating on the street (which is what you do with hawkers!).

Service: Great, wiping down tables and removing empty plates frequently even at a high-volume time.  This is actually a full-service restaurant and deserves a full-service tip.

Pricepoint: Most dishes are arond $5.  Two fritters for a buck.  It's cheap.

Overall: This place is great for a cheap and tasty SE Asian meal, and the portions are generous.  However, if you are a food connoisseur I highly advise looking elsewhere for the ""best in town."""
Good spot for a quick fix of Malaysian/Singaporean. We had the Laksa, was just ok (Laksa King is better, although it has been awhile since I've had it there) Fried Kuey Teow was a delight. Roti was nice. Will go back and try the nasi & hainanese chicken.
"Checked out this place during my trip to Vancouver and it was one of the best eats all weekend! 

Definitely get the hainan chicken, great taste at a great price."
Came to this place because it was mentioned in Lonely Planet and I was pleasantly surprised! It's a small restaurant with very affordable food and large portions. My sister and I ordered the lamb curry and the mee siam. We enjoyed both entrees, but damn, the lamb curry was so good! There was enough food for us to have leftovers. The menu hanging in the restaurant is very reminiscent of the hawker stalls in Malaysia. I would definitely go back if I'm in Vancouver again.
For the price you're paying, this is bomb food!!! Hainese  chicken, char quay noodles, laksa noodle, are my favourites here.
One of the most authentic and best Malaysian diner at amazing prices. Almost everything is for $5.25. The family owned diner is very friendly and accommodating to your taste buds especially when it comes to the spices but let me tell you their food is spicy exactly how I liked it. Take it from me I would know as I am Singaporean who are neighbors with malaysia and we hate the same cuisine.
I ordered a take out dinner from Hawkers Delight; I'd been wanting to try for ages!  It's a teeny tiny restaurant with a few tables and counter space so take out seems like a good option.  I ordered the spring rolls, beef curry & rice, char kway teow and roti.  So I had some mixed feelings...the best was the char kway teow with plenty of flavours and ingredients.  I'd get that again.  The beef in the beef curry was sort of fatty and a little gross.  The spring rolls were okay and the roti was good but super greasy!  I would return and try a few different dishes to get a better idea and maybe change my initial impressions.  I'm used to eating at the Banana Leaf and this just doesn't measure up in comparison, but it's also much cheaper than Banana Leaf.  Cash only.
"One of my favourite hole in the wall places!! I always come back for their delicious and reasonably priced Hainanese chicken rice. Generous portion of boneless tender chicken, fragrant rice, and killer dipping sauce. 

Not a fancy place by any means but certainly holds a special place in my heart :)"
"Laksa = 7/10
Hainanese chicken rice = 6/10
Char ke teow = 5/10

Reminds us of Malaysia but can't compare to actual Malaysia. Better than Malay satay hut. Laksa had lots of coconut milk but good flavor."
"The food was fresh, hot and spicy! There were several of us, so I got to try a few of the dishes and they were all awesome! They have several vegetarian options, so I'm grateful for that! 

It's a hole-in-the-wall type place, cash only and limited seating, but worth it! This was my first visit here - and won't be my last!"
check out this place today as my friend told me their food was really good and healthy, and boy was she right. You really get a bang for your buck. Its also ethnic and very delicious.. its a mam and pap place. If your looking to try something tasteful and affordable on Main Street, I highly recommend this place!
"Prices are very good here, with many dishes under $10. That makes it very affordable. I hope it can stay this way.

With so many Malaysian food restaurants around in the lower mainland, it is really nice to see a Singapore hawker food restaurant. While there are similarities between the two cuisines, there are some subtle differences. 

We ordered 4 items to try:
Sayur lodeh bee hoon - this is pretty nice, with a lemak gravy.

Prawn noodles soup - the broth can be better but it is still a decent bowl

Vegetable fritters - reminds me of Singapore and the hawker stall. Not that commonly found there now. Not bad.

Prata (or roti canai) - it is ok, sometimes I rather buy the frozen version (Singapore brand) from T&T and heat it up myself. Until I see or find the real prata made on site with the flipping and squishing of the dough, I think this dish is usually way overpriced (it is priced ok here) in many similar restaurants here.

I will still come back here to try the other items."
Hurray Great value! Better than McDee more nutritious and way tastier too! I love spicy food and this place reminds me of street food vendors in Indonesia. I love this place for their food not decor but its the taste that counts, right? Anyways for possibly the best value in this city Hawker's Delight. Don't forget to get the vegetable fritters tasty appy.
"***TAKEOUT EXPERIENCE***

Easter weekend, Saturday 2pm. Order for our takeout was placed at 2:09pm. We got our takeout at 2:19pm. Ordered the Mee goreng ($7.25), Fried Kuey Teow ($8.60), and Mee pok ($8.60). We love all of them and each dish is cheap enough for us to be super full and happy. The ingredients are not bad for the price and the portion is good. 
We usually order take out since a) we can't finish it and doggy box costs $0.25 extra, and b) we want to take it home to enjoy it with a good beer. 
The only thing sucks about takeout is we don't really want to take soup dishes to go. So we don't want to try the laksa unless we are eating in. We will try that someday, but for now - fried noodles with a microbrew are our thing."
"This is what eating the vegetable fritters and curry chicken rice feels like. Please don't deprive yourself of this moment. It costs less than $10 :)

https://youtu.be/Vo_GMMLULXw"
Good, basic place to get a quick, cheap bite to eat. I had the Mee Goreng which is fried noodles with tofu, green onion and potato. I didn't get it spicy and I think they ended up making it a bit bland for me. But it was only $5 so I don't expect too much. I definitely want to try some more things.
This place is small but always packed with people because it is so delish!!!! My favourite is the curry chicken noodle, ask them to change it to thin noodle, just change it up and you will know the difference. Highly recommended!!
"BADASS cheapeats here. 

Come any day except Monday (closed, alas), and get your eat on for less than $10.  Curry puffs, laksa, hainan chicken... it's ALL good.  takeout orders typically require 20min wait times.  Space for eating in is limited, but doable (if you're only 2 or 3).  

SOO good."
"Take it from the Singaporean when I say it's pretty darn authentic. The bf ordered Hainanese chicken rice and it was solid. Chicken meat, tender and moist; chili could be spicier but no complaints since it was the proper kind of chicken rice chili i.e. watery tangy garlic chili. For me it was a toss up between tofu goreng and gado-gado, I decided on the latter. Not the best I've had, I prefer the peanut sauce thick and chock full of peanuts but got a diluted version instead. Perhaps the first option would have been better.

In any case, I know hawker food when I see hawker food. No doubt I'll be back to give their mee goreng, laksa or fried bee hoon a shot. Until the foodie strikes again..."
This place is right around the corner from my house and I eat here often. It's fast, super cheap and yummy. I usually get the Mee Siam (with peanut gravy)... it's delicious! It's enough for two meals but I will eat it in one sitting if no one stops me.
I enjoy this HITW but there No way in Hell it's a deli-who makes this crap up?
"The food at hawker's delight is simply amazing. For the price you're paying it's definitely worth trying everything on their menu. So far i've tried their Mee Rebus, Kuay Teow and their Laksa, and they all are superb.

The Mee Rebus was exactly like the one i had in Malaysia. Sauce was almost to perfection, and the Kuay Teow wok fried perfectly. The wait was short for the food, and the staff was friendly. You'd order up front and they'd bring the dishes over to you.

If only i lived close by this would be my new fast food joint."
"Hawkers Delight offers delicious and super cheap Malaysian food with super size me portions. 

A very casual, small setting. Not a lot of seating, but I usually do take out, so it isn't much of a problem. 

My favourite dish is the Nasi Goreng, that stuff is delicious."
"""Skip the canned and bottled drinks. Just go straight to the counter and order a dish. Heck for $5, order two.""

For the price of a value meal, you get a nutritional dish that makes you swear you once were a Singaporean and Malaysian altogether in a previous life and their menu is the comfort food prepared for you when you were a child. Remember?

Yummy, spicy, sweet concoctions from Laksa noodles in coconut curry soup to the covert-looking Hainanese Chicken that's flavourful down to the tasty and fragrant white rice.

It can be a squeeze in there bumping chairs around as you go to the counter to refill your own tea and water. Cash only. It's a hole in the wall for goodness sake. All is forgiven."
If you want a hole in the wall type of restaurant, look no further than Hawkers Delight. Their food is very well priced and extremely delicious. Don't expect the best service, but do expect a filling and excellent meal. This is a great place to get takeout as they are super fast! I always come back to Hawkers when I'm in the area just because it's the type of food that makes you feel good.
Quick and delicious noodles. The portion was huge and I took home leftovers. The server was friendly and helpful.
Probably one of the more authentic singaporean-malaysian food I've eaten. The portion was great, definitely good for sharing. The price is very worth it too. All in all, reminded me of home
"I can't believe 2 of us just ate like kings for $12. I don't think I've had this good and cheap of a meal since traveling in Asia. 

The selection was plenty: mee and nasi gorengs, laksas, veggie fritters, tofu puffs and so many other varieties, I had to hold myself back from spending all of the $20 in my pocket because with nothing (?) over $5.95, I could have easily ordered for 4 people and not felt guilty (mmmm - that would have meant leftovers). Thanks yelpers for all of the dish suggestions - with this many choices on the menu your guidance was a necessity. Sure, the quality is lower than some sit down places around town (Kam's and Banana Leaf come to mind) but at these prices, it's just impossible to pass up!

The set up works well for the tight space: order, grab a drink, grab your cutlery, bowls and tea and then pull up a seat. You can even go ahead and move the tables around if your group is larger."
"One of our favourite lunches.

This place is amazing especially if you are trying to have a vegetarian meal. Lots of options. 

Everything is delicious and cheap. Most meals are about $5 (including tax)."
Always satisfying, love the authentic street-food vendor feel of the place - its what I imagine all genuine south Asian restaurants to be like. Food is fresh and hot out of the tiny kitchen - service is quick, portions are huge, flavor is totally bang on. I always get the noodle options since I'm a noodle poodle but the rice dishes look good too! Hawkers is a great place to grab a hearty meal and just chill with friends or your newspaper. Great local ethnic representation!
"Prawn noodle soup - I rate it a 4.5
Soooo delicious and so much rich prawn flavour. Almost reminds me of the prawn noodle soup in Singapore"
Cheap and easy lunch on the go. Arriving at the restaurant, ordering and finding a seat made wine feel for a moment that I was back in Asia. We had the laksa (prawn and curry noodle soup) and the cha Kwak deow (fried rice noodles). Cha Kwak Deow had enough heart from the wok but the chicken was a little bit dry. The laksa was nice but lacked the richness and depth of flavour compared to traditional laksa however it was still very tasty. And for the price I have no complaints there.
"Going to keep this one short given the many reviews. If you know what to order, your experience at Hawkers Delight can be either amazing or simply mediocre.

I'll save you the trouble.

1. Char Kway Teow - This wonderful dish isn't shown in any of the photos on the walls but it's one of the best dishes here. I would recommend making it spicy for the extra authentic kick to your tastebuds.

2. Mee Goreng - Another fried noodle dish, but the Malaysian version. Very good as well.

For $5-6 a dish, you can't go wrong at Hawkers Delight."
This is like better chinese take-out. I know it's Malaysian/Singaporean, but I'd choose it over Chinese take-out any day. I've only ever tried the Nasi Goreng, Mee Goreng and Fried Kuey Tow; and I personally thought they were all spiced, cooked to perfection.
"This place is delicious and cheap!

I walked in one day knowing nothing about the food and the lady at the register helped me out by asking me questions to narrow down what I like and what I should try. We ended up on a dish, which I forget the name of, that's noodles (big and flat) with chicken and prawns. It was exactly what I was craving! 

I've been back a few times and like to get their veggie fritters - can't beat 2 for $1. I noticed a new thing recently, which the older lady working there told me they don't make much, called Murruku. She couldn't describe it to me (she said they were like chips), but I bought it anyways, it was only $2 after all. They looked like tentacles but were made of rice and an Indian flour then I'm assuming deep fried so they were crunchy. They were a bit spicy but I really enjoyed them.

It's a small place that takes cash only but definitely worth trying."
Hawkers Delight is not the best Malaysian food you'll find in Vancouver, but you can't beat the price. The most expensive dishes on the menu are $5.25. My favourite is probably the Mee Goreng. Unfortunately, they don't served Roti. It's cash only and if you can't finish your meal and want to take it home they'll charge you .25 for a box. Seating is crowded, but you don't come for the ambiance, you come for the generous portions of tasty, inexpensive food. I can never figure out when they are open (it's pretty hit and miss) so it's best to call ahead.
"When choosing a neighborhood moving back into Vancouver, the location of Hawkers actually factored in...

On one of the best blocks of Main St. Hawkers offers $5 meals that will blow your mind. It is always busy, and for a reason, it is fast food for those that don't want burgers.

Laksa, and curry dishes are great but I like the dried pork best, and just spicy enough to clear my sinuses when I have a cold.

Just writing this I've determined that I'm going there for dinner. If you go tonight, I'm the guy wearing a black Star Wars shirt. Seating is rarely a problem but sometimes you have to wait if you go with more than 2."
Finally found a place serves he authentic Singaporean food. Get my fix here every week. Wished I found it sooner. Singapore food court in one tiny restaurant
"It's been a few years since I've been back and they are still good as always. A true hole in the wall with picture menu boards. Come down for some true Southeast Asian food at affordable prices. Now that the weather is getting colder, their spicy curries and warm bowls of soup noodles will surely satisfy your cravings. 

24/30 of 30 Days of Yelp"
"I already wrote a Quick Tip, but Hawker's Delight deserves a full review....

Maybe there is better Chicken Rice somewhere out there in Vancouver. Maybe your girlfriend thinks the mee goreng is too spicy. Maybe the lines are long and the tables tight. 

But dear fellow Yelpers, None of that matters...

You see, this is the **ONLY** restaurant in ALL of North America that will make you a PROPER bowl of Mee Siam or Lontong. And they both are glorious. 

That's because the (very friendly) uncle you see standing at the wok is actually from Boon Lay. His right arm is probably larger than the left, as it should be, a testament years of stirring his char kway teow and hokien mee - both of which are beautiful, but are over-shadowed by the mere presence of the mee siam.

Whenever we visit Vancouver we eat here. Sometimes several times a trip. (OK, yes it's true... sometimes several times a day.)

It truly is as close to the Makan Sutra incredible culinary experience of Singapore that you are going to find in North America. ...and all that for just 4 bucks. 

It doesn't get any better than this."
"Huge portions of mouth-watering Singaporean & Malay food for the price of a venti Starbucks coffee. What more can you ask for? Well perhaps one more thing....I wish they would install AC (or even a ceiling fan) because it was sweltering in that tiny restaurant. But hey, the heat only adds to the authenticity of the experience. 

Suggestion: Don't go during peak meal hours as there are only about 20 seats in the restaurant. Also, it's cash only. 

To Try: Lontong for $4.75 plus tax. It consists of compressed rice cubes cooked in banana leaves, soaked in creamy coconut curry sauce with vermicelli, cabbage, tofu, egg, and a bit chili oil.

Lovin' this place and I will definitely be back...but perhaps on a cooler day."
"I came back here just for Hainanese Chicken Rice, but thought of trying something new so I got Prawn Noodle($7.50). Like other noodle dishes here the portion was big, had plentiful of toppings like fish cake, prawn, pork slices and some veggies. It also had something crispy bits on top. It was flavorful, tasty and delicious. However it's kind of spicy and has little bit of jalapeno peppers in it.

This dish didn't catch my attention at first and it was better than I thought. On my next visit I'm not sure whether to try Mee Siam or just get usual Laksa or Hainanese Chicken Rice."
"that whole stretch of main street from just north of broadway to just south of king ed is chock full of innumerable delicious looking eateries.  and yet i will often forego trying a new spot to go visit an old favourite for a dirt cheap, spicy, coconutty, piping hot, brothy trip to flavour country.  

highlights:

-malaysian/singaporean cuisine (laksas, noodle soups, rich curries with rice, hainanese chicken)
-most dishes are in the $4;50 to $6 range, only the lamb curry exceeds that range
-large portions, speedy service
-the broths carry enough heat to breathe the life back into you on a shitty vancouver day
-tons of veggie/vegan options
-photos and descriptions on the wall to help you pick
-a far less greasy alternative to places like banana leaf; broths are thin and well flavoured but not dripping in oil
 
yesterday i opted for the mee siam, which is described as ""thin rice noodles served in sweet and sour and spicy peanut gravy garnished with tofu puff, egg, tofu, chives and bean sprout"".  this was topped with a pile of reduced carmelized onions.  so good.  

my advice: get the fried veggie fritter.  it's $1.12 for two and they come with this gingery rice vinegar dipping sauce that's got a great zing to it."
"Reading previous reviews it appears that they've upped their prices a little bit this year.  Most dishes are $6.80 and the lamb curry is $10.95.  

That being said, their portions are humongous and the veggie fritters are now 2 for $1.00.  

I had the Char Kuey Teow (mild) and it was so flavourful, greasy, and satisfying that I ate the entire plate even though my stomach was pleading that it was very full.

My fiance had the lamb curry and the lamb chunks were very plentiful as well as tender.  

Add an order of veggie fritters and we were more than stuffed.  

Will be back to try the laksa and Hainanese chicken rice that everyone else has been raving about!"
"This is a hole in the wall that you have to try. The food is great and very cheap but still  fast and high quality 

In asia Hawkers means open-air complexes in Singapore, Malaysia and Hong Kong  housing many stalls that sell a variety of inexpensive food. These are places with good cheap fast food but and Hawkers Delight on Main lives up to the traditional Hawkers in Asia. 

Each dish is under 10 bucks and the portions are huge and you have to try the Hainanese Chicken Rice

This place take you back to the stalls in Singapore and Malaysia and well worth the trip

This is a small place and a cozy little place on Main street to find good cheap fodo that is high quality"
"One of my highschool girlfriends took me here on a date once, it was rad. Hawkers is an underground Vancouver staple. If you know Vancouver you'll know about this place. There aren' too many places where quantity meets quality AND for the right price -- Hawkers is one of them.

If you're into Malaysian, you best go out of your way a little to get some of chow at Hawkers. End of story."
"This is a great spot to eat in or take out Singaporean fast food. So good for a cheap price.

I had the Mee Pok, which is wide flat noodles, with pork slices, minced pork, a couple of prawns, yu choy and bean sprouts as well as a few jalapeño. I asked for the dish without the fish cakes.  It was really satisfying.

Mind you, I was quite hungry when I ate the dish, but I found it hard to stop eating. It hit the spot. It's not fancy fare, so don't expect too many specialties on your plate. I could have handled more of a hot or chili sauce on mine. 

They serve big portions for decent prices. The Mee Pok was $8.49. This type of food would also go really well with the Singaporean beer, Singha.

I'll definitely return to try the laksa! They also have several vegetarian dishes to sample."
"Good:
Large portions. 
Nice staff.
Good prices. 

Bad:
There aren't too many seats.
Not open late. 
Check if the dish you are ordering is vegetarian or not so you aren't surprised. 

Highly recommended!"
Singaporean Hawker center style food. Nasi Gongren, Nasi Lemak, Mee Goreng and Laksa are all very good.
You gotta try their Laksa and Malaysian Fried Noodle.  My all time favorite!
"Neighborhood food just the way we like it... good taste, good portion, good price and simply good.  There is a lot of things on this menu which I need to go back and try.  But if you want a quick meal or a little something to go with the fritters on display then let me suggest the spicy nasi goreng.  

I will be back soon because it is in my neighborhood and I can't think of a reason not to."
Honest to god, one of the best little eateries on Main Street, and that's saying a lot. This place doesn't need a flashy storefront or advertising to win people over; the food speaks for itself, and this place has secured a loyal following from many in the neighbourhood. Granted, the space is tiny; getting a table is like winning the lottery, and waiting for your food to go is a nightmare of pressing up against the wall by the soda fridge and swerving around kitchen staff. But you will forgive all of this when you take a bite of their spicy (or mild, if you like) heaven. Meat-eaters and vegetarians alike will find something to love here. Personally, I go for the mee goreng or nasi goreng; when I ate meat, the lamb curry was my go-to. Now. Let's get to the pricing. As you can tell from the one dollar sign in the info area of this page, the food is inexpensive. But I don't think you quite understand yet. You can get a dish of food that will easily feed minimum two people for between $7 and $8. I am not kidding. You really get your money's worth at Hawkers. One catch here is that it is cash only, but it's still worth running across the street to the atm.
"This is one of those places that you hope never goes away! 

It's a small spot on the king edward and main strip but  i have to say if you are looking for value and a full stomach - this has to be one of the best places in the city.

My favourite thing to order is their chicken curry.  It's not too spicy and comes with a couple pieces of chicken and potatoes in a delicious Malaysian curry broth.  Just over 5 bucks with tax. Beat that one!

If you are a vegetarian - FEAR NOT!!!  Just as good value and a bloated stomach in the end from all the food you'll be getting. None of that tofu!!! Try the laksa!! Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.....

Couple problems. It's a small kitchen and a minimal seating for diners. It can take up to 20 minutes but be patient it's worth the wait for the price you pay for all the food you get.

Plus, I love supporting the little guys."
Very traditional Singapore Malaysian place~ food quality was not as good as expected but it's still above average :p picky tongue I got! If you miss Malay food~ come here hehe
"Ah ...it seemed a long drive from Granville island to main street to eat out at this most reviewed place by foodies..
In my eagerness to go there , i forgot to take cash (opps , i did it again ) so dont do that...its a cash only place
# 10 n # 17 were our dishes for the night. Pretty good in taste. # 10 was  ramen noodles with eggs n gravy n some tofu ( i expected some meet too though) not spicy at all so if u are looking to eat spicy then #17 is good option . Its vegetables with rice. ( more or less taste indian) 
There is hot tea for self service so help urself . As we reached there around 8:30 so it was almost done. Glad there was water. 
Tip- dont expect a big shop as its a tiny place n few seatings
Clean washrooms n self service"
Cheap street food grade food but quite tasty. Just had the spring rolls and vegetable curry rice. Portion were larger than usual and the curry was tasty. Food was a little oily as all street food is but tasted good, again like all street food. Nothing outstanding here but good for a try.
"I had high expectation for this place after reading all the good reviews and craved hainanese chicken rice on my trip to Vancouver. The place got crowded quick after we found immediate seats and line started to form while others were forced to share tables with fellow patrons. Great sense of community and love all around. On top of that the cashier was blunt and  has ""our great food trumps all"" attitude. All good signs. However the chicken rice didn't live up to my expectation. Rice was too garlicky, chicken was bland. The ""okay"" char kwe tiau saved the day though. I'm glad we ordered that extra dish. All of a sudden the attitude, the crowd, the line, the good reviews didn't make sense. The great price did. We also got mee pok to go and that was disastrous. We then walked over to Mui Garden to get our hainanese chicken rice fix and it's better."
"On the prowl for a tasty noodle meal? Have you splurged during the past few days, and are now therefore on a budget? If you've answered ""yes"" to these questions, sounds as though you need to pay a visit to Hawker's Delight. 

For a fiver, you will receive a heaping portion of the consistently delicious dishes such as Mee Goreng (noodles, sauce, veggies, and tofu, with spicy option) and for $1.25 more, grab two veggie fritters. The deli is equipped with a self-serve water cooler, beside which there napkins and chopsticks to arm yourself for the attack on your lunch/dinner. The counter by the front offers great seats from which to look out onto Main St. action through a large open window. 

Hawkers is a such a gem, very modest in size and appearance. The price and taste of the food is worth returning for, again and again."
"After several failed attempts (one time, the place was closed for summer holiday;  another time was a Sunday), we finally got a chance to try the fares at Hawkers Delight on Main St.  We arrived early (11:50am or so) as we expected the place to fill up quick for Friday lunch rush.

Our group of 3 was 2nd to order - Dried Kuey Teow;  Laksa;  Curry chicken noodle & 3 Tofu puffs.  By getting there early, we had our choice of tables, so helped ourselves to tea, dishes and utensils as we waited for our food.

Food was brought to our table in fairly quick succession, and we noticed that the place had filled up quickly.  (Spacing between tables is very tight, esp. as it was raining and everyone had jackets, umbrellas, etc.)  But once we got our food, we focused on our feast.  The serving size of the Curry Noodle and Laksa was generous, but we were surprised by the somewhat smaller size of the fried Kuey Teow.  Granted, the prices are very reasonable. The food was very good;  not the best Singaporean/Malaysian food I've had, but definitely good!  

The line up continued to build as we ate our lunch quickly, with many people actually waiting around for their food as take-out (crowding the restaurant).  This is not a place to hang out at due to its small size so as soon as we were done, headed back out into the rain, glad to have finally tried this place.

Next time, we'll order take-out in advance, and pick up to eat in the comfort of home.  Important note:  if memory serves, this place is CASH ONLY!"
"This place is probably better than most for Singaporean/Malaysian fare at this value but it's still a far cry from the real thing. Was here probably a year or two ago and remember being wowed by the laksa. This time around, it was just ok. Creamy but, not particularly flavorful or spicy. When asked for sambal belachan, the kitchen staff didn't know what it was. 

I've not seen soto ayam on the menu outside of home much and so, just had to order it. It tasted like bak kut ten and had fish cake and bak choy!

The mee goreng was barely spicy when I had asked for spicy but it had some flavor.

Portions were generous for the price so come hungry and if you're not picky, it should make for a fine meal. We were here on a Saturday night, late, and the place was relatively empty."
"I missed a good bowl of Laksa and that made me want to go to Hawkers. I went here last Friday for Laksa ($8.60), and the size seemed little smaller than before.

Even though staff was busy making other food, my food came out fast. It was full of flavours along with smoothness of coconut milk. It's nice they have 2 water coolers in the restaurant. One by the entrance and another one by the counter. 

Also I personally like their Laksa better than Cafe Dlite Express in Aberdeen mall."
"Came here for lunch with a party of two it's a very small restaurant with a lot of awards the atmosphere however leaves a lot to be desired as does the service their not rude however no smiles or hospitality to make you feel welcome 

After looking at the menu they were a lot of things I wanted to try so I ordered a lot thinking I can always take the left overs home so the two of us ordered four spring rolls four tofu puffs four veg fritters two roti canais and one chicken curry but we subbed the regular rice for chicken flavored rice the spring rolls were good and pretty similar to a spring roll you get elsewhere the tofu puffs were interesting cubed fried tofu stuffed with peanut sauce and cucumbers but beware these are really hot in the middle the roti canais was our favorite flaky crisp roti with a flavorful curry to dip the vegetable fritters were similar to a Indian pakora but topped with a slightly sweet vinaigrette really good but not hot and fresh from the fryer I also really enjoyed the chicken curry I believe it was the same curry as served with the roti however a much larger portion with two pieces of dark meat chicken and potatoes the chicken flavored rice was a perfect compliment fluffy rice with great flavor that I believe is cooked in broth instead of water (I could be wrong)

Overall I loved the food and as a bonus it's also very reasonably priced however there is a downside they did one of my pet peeves in a restaurant where they make you pack your own food to go (however with their price point and quality maybe you can over look that) also as I mentioned the atmosphere and service (or lack there of) leaves a lot to be desired for these reasons I wouldn't recommend it for date night or even a place to go if your looking to spend some time while enjoying your evening however in spite of all this I still gave it four stars due to the food and for a quick delicious meal I will return"
"Hawkers may be the best value for money in the city of Vancouver. It's mostly a take out place, but also has a nice casual seating area. Few veggie options but they are decent enough and a very generous size for the money. 

Best not to go at key times, such as lunch or just before dinner, as you will have to wait since this place is very popular."
"Absolutely authentic. Not quite as good as the food in Singapore, but I still licked my plate clean. Mmmmm!

When you are in Singapore or Malaysia, the hawker stands often only specialize in one dish. These guys do a great job of giving variety, but I think the variety keeps them from perfecting individual dishes. Nevertheless - 4 stars; ""I'm a fan"". Makes me wish I was back in Malaysia!"
"after visiting vandusen park my wife and I looked for a nearby place to eat
we selected this one based on my appetite and yelp reviews
they were crowded, that is usually a good sign
the menu offered a nice selection
we ordered two dishes, lamb curry and a noodle dish

the quantity and taste for the price we paid was outstanding

a generous portion of good food at a great price, how can you beat that !!!!"
great food to dollar value here,  and the food quality is fairly good too (3.5).  They curry chicken or lamb on rice are my fav's.
"A hawker is a place in Singapore and Malaysia where one can have inexpensive food; it is a food stand which serves complete meals. I have never been in Southeast Asia, so I apologize if I am not accurate enough. However, that region is known for flavourful and delicious cuisine.

I read about this place in Yelp as a good inexpensive place. It was Friday afternoon and the place was a little packed with customers, and the size of the locale is not very big. After waiting about 7 mins in line, I ordered chicken curry and spring rolls. There was no Satay that day, however.

My order took between 10 and 15 minutes to arrive, which is just a little slow for a 'hawker deli'. It was very well worth the wait because I was rewarded with chicken curry cooked with real coconut milk and with the right balance of spiciness. The rice was served right: not sloppy or soggy. The serving size was good for 5 CAD and 0.75 CAD per spring roll. The spring rolls I might say may rank among the best I had in my life and they were vegetarian. All gushed down with a can of 1.25 CAD lychee pop.

As far as I can tell, this is the place with the best food/value ratio I had since I came to Vancouver. No other place has granted me so much culinary delight with less than 10 CAD tax included! 

Will definitively come back. The only drawback of this place is that it took me a while to choose which dish to order. Everything looked so good.

BTW, they finished remodelling on Sept 8, so the photos may not be 100% up to date."
"We heard great things about Hawker's Delight so we finally stopped by. The restaurant is very small and we were lucky to find a seat. We ordered the laksa and the mee pok dried noodles. The laksa was delicious, the noodles were nice and bouncy and the meat was tender. The broth didn't feel heavy but we didn't find it spicy enough. The mee pok was quite good, a good medley of noodles, meat, and vegetables; but we will probably try something different next time.

Hawker's Delight is one of those hole in the wall restaurants that provide great food. Most people order for take out as mentioned before there is limited seating. The prices are good considering the portion size of the meals. We would recommend!"
"Nasi goreng and veggie fritters are two of my favourite things in Vancouver.  And the price is amazing.  I would recommend takeout, the room is pretty cramped.
I miss the pork stays they used to have on the menu."
"Hawkers is one of those places that I have been meaning to try forever. 
Finally!
Yep, it's legit. 
It was a bit rough on my tummy this morning, but I blame my innards for that and not the food. It just isn't used to real street food anymore. 
I shall return soon. Hungrier and ready to order at least three dishes.
And some of those fritters too."
"All these food from Hawker Delight reminded me about the food that I had in Singapore. The food brought me a lot of memories. The food tasted good but not quite the same. Most of the food are greasy. The hainan chicken with rice had so much rice but there was not a lot of chicken, so the dish did not look proportional. 

The restaurant is very small and there are many chairs and tables as well as counter stools. My graceful companion and I ordered the food at the cashier and grabbed a table with a number. A server brought food to our table. Due to the limited space, we did not really enjoy the environment. The food was just cheap or okay. Indeed they lacked quality unfortunately. 

I went to their bathroom. It was kind of dirty and I didn't want to go back there. My recommendation is to order take out and eat the food at home or somewhere else. You may feel more comfortable."
"We wanted fast, cheap and tasty eats and Hawkers delivered. This place is the epitome  of a no frills hole in the wall. 

We ordered 3 dishes, all in the $5.00 each range. The mee goreng was ordered spicy and was served as such. We were pleased that it was far less oily than we anticipated. 

The chicken curry noodle, loaded with chicken, was delicious although in hindsight we do prefer it with the rice option.

My husband took the first bite of the laksa, said that it tasted ""off"" and pushed the bowl away. Given the fact that he just spent 2 weeks on business in Singapore eating street food daily, one would think that I would defer to his judgment and just let it go. Nope, I dug right into the bowl and unfortunately his initial assessment was correct, one of the components was bad with a capital B. If I felt like playing chicken with my GI tract I would have investigated further to identify the culprit but decided not to risk it.

Despite one bad dish this place still warrants a 3.5 - 4. Hawkers is what it is and for the price of a gourmet coffee, one can get enough decent, somewhat nutritious food to keep you going for a meal or two, an anomaly in Vancouver."
Been to Hawkers Delight a few times and it's always a great quick place to grab some Singapore dishes! The restaurant is smaller with only 4 to 5 tables where each can seat a maximum of 4 people tightly. Once you arrive you order your dishes first at the cashier and find your own seat. Drink and utensils is also self serve to give you a bit of that hawker vibe! The food here is always flavorful! A few of the favourites are the meegoren, the sayor lodeh bee hoon and roti!
best value for your money. good portions, tasty and dirt cheap!!!
We went on a Saturday night... the place is extremely small and was packed ...too many tables and chairs... way too many people... So if you don't like sitting on top of other people and crab walking sideways through a restaurant, then this place is not for you.... Food was decent however.... Portions were much larger than I expected considering they charge so little... We had the vegetarian curried vegetables on rice and it was good !!!  ... Though tasted more like chilli than curry. There were leftovers ! You need to pay 25 cents for a takeout container, but it seemed reasonable...  The bathroom was less than pleasant however.  It was small, dirty and right off the kitchen near the alley.... If I could have avoided using it ... I would have.  Still I feel it deserved 3-4 stars.
Tried prwan noodle, Mee goreng, laksa. Didn't know they all had noodles. Mee goreng was good and prwan noodle was quite spicy and laksa was not as fishy or deep taste enough. Been to Malaysia before but dishes here lack the zingy and deep flavors that I tasted in Malaysia.  But price value was really good as most are under 10 dollars. May be back to try others.
"This hole in the wall serves up some hawker style food reminiscent of the food from Singapore and Malaysia. The selections are simple with favorites like Char Kuey Teow, Mee Goreng, and Chicken Rice but things like Mee Rebus and Mee Siam are decidedly Singaporean dishes which many people would enjoy.

I had the chicken rice and it wasn't bad but the chicken were bonesless, much to my disappointment. The prices for most items are about $5-6 so you can't beat that for a quick lunch or dinner. I would definitely come back to try the rest."
Great find for fast,cash-only, cheap eats kind of place in Vancouver. Mom & Pop feel, casual atmosphere with authentic Indonesian/Singaporian cuisine. The curry lamb was tasty; tender and flavorful beef, enough to share. The veggie spring rolls weren't anything to rave about nor was the mee goreng which left me craving for something else. Disappointed to see that they no longer offer a staple dish... beef satay. Also didn't see any roti, it just isn't on the menu nor are Singaporean noodles. My rating would sit at 3.5.
"This is a small shop located on Main Street that specializes in Malyasian food. They are a small casual eatery with a limited number of seating; you order at the front counter and they bring you your food once it's ready. During my visit, I had their Roti Prata, Chicken Curry Noodle, and Fried Kuey Teow. All of the food was very good; I was especially blown away by their Roti Prata. Their prices are very reasonable, especially given that their portions are quite generous.

Roti Prata ($2.75):
5/5
This is served with a small side of curry for dipping. The bread itself was seriously just fantastic: warm, soft and flaky. The curry also had a great fragrance of coconut as well as a slightly sweet flavour that paired great with the bread.

Chicken Curry Noodle ($9.05):
4/5
This contained noodles in a curry broth with potatoes and chicken. The chicken itself wasn't really curried however, but was rather like Hainese chicken that was added to the noodles. It was tasty however, and was tender, juicy and well-seasoned. The noodles had a nice bouncy texture and the broth was very flavourful with just a slight bit of heat. It was quite a good portion for $9.05, and filling.

Fried Kuey Teow ($9.05):
4/5
This consisted of broad rice noodles stir fried with egg, bean sprout, prawns, fish cake, shredded chicken and green vegetable. You can have it spicy or non-spicy; I had the spicy version and found it to have just a slight kick without being overly hot. I really enjoyed the texture of the noodles, which were chewy and bouncy. There were only a few prawns, but a good amount of fish cakes. The portion size was not enormous, but more than generous for just $9.05.

Summary:
Food: 4/5
Price: 5/5
Service: N/A
OveralL: 4.5/5
Recommendations: Roti Prata, Chicken Curry Noodle, Fried Kuey Teow"
"I love love love Malaysian/Singaporean food especially Laksa.

I was a bit disappointed because the laksa was a bit to sweet for my liking. When asked for some citrus (lemon or lime), they said they didn't have any...... which sucks! Laksa is so much better with lime! 

I also hat their vegetable fritters... it was good!

What I like about this place was that it was very affordable. I spent less than 15 for the two, and it was good, not great, but good.

I'll definitely come back though :)"
"I had always walked by this little hole in the wall. It always smells so good. However the food was average. Nothing that wowed the taste buds. Had the curry lamb. Not worth the $15. I have had better. 
Laska was okay. Maybe the day we we went it was very hot inside. No A/C"
"On a rainy Saturday afternoon, there's nothing quite like a warm bowl of noodles!

Hawker's is your classic hole in the wall places.  If you're squirmish you may want to pass.  But if you're one of those people that love street food and not too picky about ambiance.. You should check it out.  

I had the laksa today and it was perfect.  Noodles in a coconu try broth swimming with fish cake, sprouts, prawns and chicken.. It was the perfect food as I sat at the window watching the rain and the world pass by.  

Being cash because that's all they take!"
"I noticed the restaurant a couple of months ago when we were antiquing on Main Street.  With so many good reviews on Yelp, we finally went there tonight.
 
You definitely can't beat the prices and authenticity for Southeast Asian noodles at Hawkers Delight.  Everything on the menu is $5 or less.  There is only one dried noodle bowl at $5.25.  There are about 15 items on the menu ranging from fried noodle dishes, noodle bowls with soup, noodles dish with sauces, to Hainanese Chicken Rice.

Hainanese Chicken Rice is my all time favourite Singaporean plate but I ordered it almost every time I visited a Singaporean restaurant so  I tried something else tonight.  I had Mee Rebus and Allen ordered Mee Siam.  Mine was thick egg noodles with a hard boiled egg with tofu, scallions in a sightly spicy thick sauce.  Allen's was rice noodles with a hard boiled egg, scallions, some dried vegetables unknown to us with a limey sauce.  The sauces were thick but not overpowering.  Although I prefer Chinese or Japanese when it comes to noodles with soup, our dinner was delicious.  I will definitely return to try the Hainanese Chicken Rice."
For the price and portions, amazing.  I just call ahead 10 min to avoid the wait and being cramped in the busy place.  I don't think I have ever see this place quiet.  Curry lamb , so good. Yum!
"Hawkers- I love thee. One of the cheaper spots of Main Street. Equal amount of vegetarian options to meat/fish options. They often sell out of their veggie curry, so if you have your heart set on it, go at lunch! My favorite is the mee goreng, or nasi goreng. 

Portion size is huge. Cash only. Closed Sundays."
"A taste of Singapore in Vancouver.

You can find many Singaporean dishes here and at very reasonable prices. The food falls a little short of how the authentic dishes would taste in Singapore but who can complain when you're so far away from home. 

I had the Mee Rebus and spring rolls and they were tasty. Mee Goreng seems to be fairly popular (overheard many people ordering) but I did not get a chance to try that! Definitely would recommend anyone missing some Singaporean food to visit this place!"
Love this little Asian food delight and filled with really hawker type, free seating and a bit cramp for family, fast food for individual during rush hour is good. Food is amount moderate and price is reasonable, worth the waiting. highly recommended to try out at least once, maybe you'll be back for more.
"The boyfriend hates this place. What can I say, it's small, dingy, offers funny ethnic food with menus barely written in English. For a white dude, this is most definitely not acceptable.

Me, being Asian and used to the Chinese street food, really quite enjoyed the place. I came here on my friend's recommendation for a lunch date (she's also a Yelp Elite :D). I must say, given the look of this place and the initial shock, the food was delicious.

The small, cramped space is not for everyone. However, if you can get past that and are looking for somewhat of a food adventure, I would give this place a try. The portions are big and the price is cheap. 

Cash only is a deterrence for me but I can see me eating here again. Especially for when I'm too broke to eat anywhere else."
"I've been coming here for the past couple of years.  Food is fairly good. Don't expect much service as you have to head to the front to order and they'll bring the food to you.  It's a small place so any more than 4 people and you'll have to sometimes wait for a table to clear (esp during rush hours).

Price is reasonable and ranges between $6.25 and about $6.80. There is the lamb dish that is more expensive at $10.90 but it's not worth the price.

I usually have the Hainanese chicken rice. The rice is pretty good but the chicken (boneless) is not as authentic as real Hainanese chicken. The curry chicken in noodle is also another favorite of mine.  Portions are a decent size and should fill most stomachs up.

Overall a small inexpensive no frills kinda place. Great if you want to grab something fast to eat!"
"This is one of those places that seems to be mentioned when talking about this type of food, and amazingly enough I have never heard of this joint. Mentioning this to my friends, they said that they have been going here since they were young, and also reading all the direct reviews of this place, I had to try it myself with my own tongue to understand what everyone is saying. Borderline 3.5, but maybe cause I was an unlucky one, and for the food I ordered, most of it was bland. I definitely will give this place a try again, as there is variety, and the price, you cannot beat this place on the strip, as you get probably the most 'bang for your buck' in terms of quantity to the dollar.

If you want your ""hole-in-the-wall"" restaurant, well Hawkers definately fits the bill and definition. This place is tiny, a little run down, and tacky in color, which is great, and probably goes with the name and the prices, as what would you expect? The menu, is all over the wall, in pictures, and a brief description in the menu, with a price to go along side. I really do not think I saw anything near the $10 mark on my visit. Also, when I arrived at this place, I was going to order the skewers on the list, but they were sold out at 4:30. Talk about early, where I really have to plan for my next visit, to come early, to enjoy everything that is available on the menu. I had an order of their Laksa, and Nasi Goreng, with a side of 'Gado Gado', and it was all really good, just not flavourful enough for my tastebuds on this occassion. For $15, I took home a heap load of food, where I was eating for days.

You have a couple people cooking non-stop in the back, for my time sitting here, waiting for my take-out food, I saw, many people come in, and order, and wait behind me. Also, the little place was packed with people eating in this little place, I can only see 15 people max sitting here, and maybe even less. I also noticed a consistent string of pick up clients with huge bags of food. I will be back, as I just think it was an off day, either for them, or for my tastebuds!"
"I don't know what I can say that hasn't been said.  Lots of vegetarian options (I like the Mee Goreng), possibly the best value meals within a 20km radius.  

There aren't a zillion menu choices, but guess what? You don't need more choices.  And you never have to feel like you're taking a gamble on the quality when you try something new - it's *all* good."
If you want cheap and cheerful Malaysian/Singaporean fare, you can't go wrong with this place. It's delicious and hearty and everything is super tasty and super cheap. Love it!!!
1st time to this place after reading all the reviews. This place is small & cramped, literally have to climb over people just to get to your seat. Lady in the front or cashier I should say doesn't smile at all, showing an unpleasant face. Food is good but not excellent. I've tried many different Malaysian restaurants around & certainly this one is not one of the best.
"This place is small and has really good, authentic Malaysian food. And definitely at a good price. Two dinners, with spring rolls and veggie fritters for appies came to under 15$. I had the spicy mee goreng and my friend had the spicy nasi goreng, which respectively are noodles and rice, with veggies and egg. Both delicious!

It doesn't have much in the way of atmosphere and only takes cash. It also closes kind of early - I got there around 7:45 one night and before I was even done my food they put up the closed sign. They never kicked us out though.

Bottom line: absolutely worth trying out!"
I've eaten in Singapore many times. Food quality is consistent and authentic. Prices are reasonable, though it has crept up over the years with little change to the room. One of the ladies at the register is very welcoming and friendly. Generally not a long wait for food. Though it can get busy quickly and then, it naturally takes a little longer. Had their Chicken Curry Noodle this time. Yet another favourite of mine.  Cash only.
"Probably my favourite place in the neighbourhood for a reliably tasty, economical meal.  The nasi goreng (pretty much the cheapest meal on the menu, at about $6) is enough for a moderately-to-severely hungry human being. I'm not vegetarian, but the nasi goreng probably meets most vegetarian's standards, although there is likely Naam Plaa / fish sauce, stirred in, and possibly eggs.  
 My fave thing to do is:  order the Nasi Goreng (or sometimes, the lamb curry with rice -- also a reliably delicious dish) to go;  then stop by East-West Grocery store which is right next door, pick up some extra tofu & veggies (broccoli, asparagus, bok choy, you-name-it)  make a stir-fry with some raw peanut or olive oil, garlic, onions, ginger, the veggies you just got for like 3 bucks, then throw in the one serving of Nasi Goreng (the dish, as they make it, has a bit more salt/flavour than necessary for that amount of food/rice, so if you dilute it with a pile of veggies, it's ideal).  
  You end up with a meal that isn't too salty, has easily enough flavour, and there's enough food there to feed 3 or 4 people (for about 10 bucks!)
 ps. the take-home method isn't for any of you wanting to ""eat - out"", obviously.  But if you want to eat right there, I'd still say anything on their menu is pretty recommendable, but if you're only medium-hungry, you should probably share one meal between 2 people, otherwise you'll end up asking for a ""to-go"" box.
   I agree with a couple previous posts that,  the ambience isn't always great, but if you look at this place as a ""Ma&Pa-Operated Ethnic-Fast-Food Joint"", it's pretty much unbeatable."
This place is hidden on main, and food is cheap and edible. Mee goring wasn't bad just not spicy enough, I don't blame them I got the typical white person spicy.
"Hands down the best cheap meal in Vancouver. We've had a hard time sourcing good cheap eats in Vancouver. Is there such a thing as a good (maybe even great) meal for under $6? I didn't think so until Hawker's Delight. 

I went with a friend who grew up with Malaysian food. She definitely felt it was authentic enough and tasty.

My favorite is the Hainanese chicken rice."
"Laksa is amazing in a teeny tiny hole in the wall with cheap dumpy decor. But, ya know, if you're coming to these sorts of places, you're not all that concerned with the decor, are you now? The prices are great, the ppl working here are friendly, and if you're one of the last people in the place and they have extra samosas, they MAY just offer you the last batch (seven free samosas? sweet! okay, THANKS!!)

30/30 yelp challenge!!"
"Their Fried Kuey Teow is crack! Portions are huge - at the half way point, my stomach would be sending out the ""I'm full"" signal. But too bad stomach, this is delicious spicy wok-fried crack that I have to force into you!

I have found that the wok fried items at Hawkers are vastly superior to their other offerings. Stay clear of the Hainanese Chicken; it was warm and weird."
"Best Malaysian food I've had so far in Vancouver. I went to Kuala Lumpur a few years back with some foodie friends and this place reminds me of the best mee i've had since then. 

The price is EXTREMELY reasonable. The place is pretty cramped so I'll try to get there at a less popular time to get the best experience. 
I went there at noon on a Saturday so I beat the rush by 30 min, got a table right away and some steaming hot coconut infused mee soto.
I'm not a huge fan of super rich coconut broth so I didn't go for the Laksa - but judging by the other reviews, I'll take a stab at it next time as I will DEFINITELY be back!"
It's a shame that I have to visit Vancouver BC (from Seattle) to eat decent Singaporean food. On a recent visit, I came here to have some Hainanese Chicken.  Not only was it cheap at around $6, it was delicious! My husband and I each got this dish along with an extra helping of chicken (for around $3) and we had a hearty meal.  I can't believe I waited this long to try this place. Hawkers Delight will be on my list of go to places when I visit BC again.
Hainan chicken rice was so delicious, inexpensive and filling. Also it was hot and fresh. This is self serve restaurant, but server brings out food when it's ready. Will return.
Great place for lunch! I recommend their Mee-Goreng, Laksa and Veggie fritters.
I wanted to try a different place instead of Deer Garden or Bubble Waffle, so here we are. The laksa at Hawkers is super flavorful and comes with a spoon of hot sauce. I've been told of how delicious and authentic their food is here and I was not disappointed. With big servings and quality food, I will definitely be back. Pretty much all the dishes were under 10 bucks and add ons like roti or side dishes were really reasonably priced.
I wish they open one in LA. Food is resonably priced and taste is so authentic and delicious! Highly recommend to all southeast asians who miss singaporean/malaysian food.
"Went by on a cool day and wanted a bowl of soup noodle to warm myself up. Grabbed the last seat during lunch hour. 

My noodle was good but it was just ok. Taste is fine but not great. Size is a tad on the smaller side but I guess it matches the price.  

The counter seat wasn't very comfortable so it was not really a place to hang out and relax. 

It wasn't necessarily a bad experience. I just expected something better after reading all the rave reviews."
"Hawker's is the BOMB. Always busy , always packed .. this is one of the few places in the city where you can still get a meal that fills you up with good food for under ten bucks .. absolutely amazing. Perhaps a little on the greasy side for some dishes but get your lazy ass out for a jog or something .. this is Vancouver after all .. enjoy it. 

The amount of local traffic alone should prove that this place is great. More of a take-out spot than a dine-in spot .. there are only like five tables and then everyone standing around waiting for take-out - so like I said - do not bring your date here for some quiet time as you will have asses and elbows on your table the second it gets even slightly busy in there. 

cheap , good , quick. Hawkers is a great spot for some grub ..."
Delicious and cheap! Quick and easy. Main street is cool, eat here.
"For the price, the food was pretty decent. I got the Laksa as it was one of the most recommended items on Yelp reviews. It wasn't the best but it was still pretty good. I also tried Fried Kuey Teow which was flavourful and delivious. I've noticed with both their dishes though that once I've had about a quarter to half of the dish I felt tired of it. The portions were pretty big and very filling.

You have to order and pay first and find a seat. Water and utensils are self served. The only thing I didn't like was that the tables were dirty although the restaurant was empty and I had to clean my own tables before I sat down."
"As a Raccoon, street food is in my blood. So this has been one of my favourite hole in the wall establishments in Vancouver for over a decade. This place really brings back memories of old school Asian hawkers food court.

*Note: Cash Only, Order Take Out if you hate cramped seating Don't expect those free smiles, lovely services, and cute staff bringing you drinks and you'd be fine. There are pricier alternatives for that :)

Hakwers Delight offers some of the South East Asian comfort food at great value and large portion. Some of my favourite dishes include the Hainanese Chicken Rice and Stir-Fry Kuey Teow (thick rice noodles). Their wok-fried items on most days for producing that ""wok flavour"" --which translates to the faint ""grilly/smokey"" taste that you're suppose to get when you cook with a hot wok. 

The only down side is that I really love very pungent spices and not just hot. So I feel that their laksa has fallen a bit short on that spice spectrum, since the soup base tends to be more on the coconut milky side.

Between price you pay, the area you're in, and the stuff you get, this is a steal, so I gave it 4 stars.

Good for dining solo."
"This is my favourite go-to neighbourhood restaurant. Aesthetically, it's a hole in the wall, but the food is delicious and cheap. Two can easily stuff their faces for less than 10 dollars. 

I come here so often it's almost embarrassing. The staff are friendly but must secretly think ""don't you ever buy groceries? Try fruit once in a while.""

My favourite is mee goreng and nasi goreng but the vegetable curry with rice runs a close second. The vegetable fritters are also delicious, albeit greasy and never hot."
"I literally happened bu this place (as it is besides the yummy Quejos), and recognized the name thanks to Yelpers.  I couldn't even remember what kind of food it was, just that it was known to be really really good.

Ooohhhh!  Malaysian!  Sweet!  I have been to Malaysian and have always been a fan of the food.  I have the tofu dish with peanut sauce.  Seriously?  Under $5.  That still exists?

Yes, yes it does.  AND it was good.  Very good.  Hawkers Delight, where were you in my University days? Oh yeah, a province away.  Oh, well, I have found you now, and I have a feeling we are going to be good friends -   you and your hole-in-the-wall mystique and yummy quickly prepared food. and me and my hungry little tummy.  It was meant to be."
"its a small little ""hole in the wall"" that is lined with diamonds! 

authentic family run malaysian food with a easy-to-read visual wall menu! 

Most meals can be eaten for under 10 bucks which includes satays/spring rolls, an entree AND a drink! 

Faves:  Laksa - best in the city. I've tried my fair share of Laksa and this place gets the gold for being the best best BEST!  Tied at first place with the Laksa is the Hainan Chicken that comes with the coconut rice. MmMMmMMmMm!!!   Always perfect and never a disappointment! way better than any other expensive malay restaurant that i've been to. 

They have recently renovated so eating there is a lot nicer than it used to be. Awesome place to take out if you call to pre-order. You can even call to pre-order to eat there which is a lifesaver as well."
Authentic. Love their Mee Siam, Mee Rebus. Tried their Lamb curry a few times - wife and I enjoy it. Kids love the mee goreng. Sayur Lodeh is good sometimes - a coconut-broth like mixed vegetables with tofu and egg dish. Definitely recommend. Excellent location.
"Absolutely the best cheap eats on Main St. I get the dried bee hoon, noodles with pork, crispy garlic and fish cake, for around $6. Also good is the beef stew.

This place gets very busy but it's worth the wait to sit down and munch. Shuts down for a month each summer while the owners are on vacation. Yes, it's a bit of a dive but try it anyways."
This little hole in the wall comes pretty close to an authentic Singapore hawker stall experience.  Yes, I've havd better laksa and mee goreng, but this place is just so honest and cheap, it's hard to find anything negative to say about it.  The laksa has egg, tofu, chicken thigh meat, shrimp, and a healthy dollop of sambal.   It has a thicker gravy style and uses a white pasta kind of noodle instead of the yellow alkaline variety.  Pretty damn good.  Every time I'm in the area, I always make a point of stopping in for a snack.  Char Kway Teow is pretty good too.  If you've been to the food courts in Singapore and Malaysia, you'll feel right at home, and at this price, you can't go wrong!
"If you like oily and affordable food, you've come to the right place.

This place is a small hole-in-the-wall style restaurant that is self-seating and self-serve. You order and pay at the front, get a number, and take a seat. Then, they either bring you your food or call your number when your dishes are ready. The restaurant is very bare-bones and small, where you grab your own cutlery and glasses of water. After eating, you can put your dishes away in the collection bin, or let them clear the tables.

The menu is very easy to read, posted on the walls, with lots of pictures and visible prices. That day, we were craving roti, so we got two of those that came with curry, as well as mee goreng and vegetable spring rolls. It was a carb heavy, meat-free meal that day. Oh man, did I regret the choices. Not only was each dish oily and greasy, but also so heavy in the stomach.

First, we got the vegetable spring rolls. These were crispy, but the bottom of the plate pooled with its oil. I think they need to rest their fried items on a rack first before plating so the oil does not collect and continue to soak in the food. I could almost not believe how much oil there was - I thought it was possibly the vegetable juices - but no, it was definitely oil.

Then came the mee goreng. The flavour was there, with a spicy kick, and it was quite tasty, but again, this was cooked with a ton of oil. The roti was flaky and crispy, and again, on the oily side (which is expected). The weird thing is, they had no knives in the self-serve cutlery section, so I asked the lady at the front for one. She said they did not have any. That's odd, but whatever, we were still able to easily portion the roti with a fork and spoon. There could have been more curry sauce given for the 2 rotis, but I liked this sauce a lot.

I have also had their laksa before. It's decent - not the largest portion, but big enough for me. The soup is flavourful, although I've had better. Prices are decent enough, so I would get this again.

After that carb heavy meal, I felt so gross. I didn't even eat that much - I could feel the heaviness - but it was still sitting in my stomach like a rock. I had that feeling you get after you eat McDonald's, and we all know that is not a great feeling.

I would really recommend getting only one to two fried foods as an accompaniment to your meal, as I would next time. I do think the flavours are there, and the value can't be beat, as all of this cost about $15 bucks. It would not be my top go-to choice for Malaysian, but I would not be opposed to going if I felt like having a cheap and quick meal."
"When you're limited in time and budget...and you're hungry, as in ""I need to eat NOW or there will be consequences..."", this is the place to go.

The moment you part with your $5, you can hear the cook in the back clanging his cooking implement on a giant wok.  Not that I've seen the giant wok, but the sounds suggest mad, wild cooking.

Often, within less than 5 minutes--  we have...our faves: nasi goreng (they put potatoes in the rice- how cool is that, lol=), mee goreng, and my partner's favourite, lamb curry (comes with a good helping of rice).  The lamb has recently gone up in price to about $10.  Perhaps it has something to do with people sitting there, slurping it up, and groaning ""I can't believe this is only $5!!!""

As for seating, this is as casual as casual goes and there should be a picture of it in the dictionary under 'hole in the wall'.  A lot of 'take outs' get 'taken out' in the half hour it takes for us to finish our meal.

For no nonsense, hot, and mostly good food, this is the place to be.  Not a fan of the laksa here...but you can't go too wrong with mee goreng.  It's very much like the streetside, hop off the bus and hope to find food type place that will only disappoint if you expect too much."
Pretty good
"Typical street side food of Singapore. Taste of food is unique and different than usual Thai or Vietnamese food. However the place is too small to accommodate more than 12 people. I would assume it's a hard to find, been there for many years ""rat hole"" location. They accept Canadian dollars cash only - that's a problem. The lady (senior citizen) taking orders does not smile, welcome you or have any good feeling about your visit. Absolutely grumpy. 

So I would rate this place as - 
4 Star for food taste and quantity
4 Star for prices
2 Star for cleanliness 
1 Star for customer service 

On an average of all these above points I'm granting them 3 Stars overall. They need to work hard to gain customer loyalty by improving customer friendliness & restaurant's cleanliness."
Finally got to eat here after bookmarking it for a couple months -- was closed for a holiday last time I tried. Came with a friend on a Saturday at 6pm, which was perfect for getting a table in the very small restaurant. We liked the no-frills pay-first system -- getting our own utensils and water and all. My main complaint is the lack of meat... my Sayur Lodeh was very vegetarian. Taste was good, albeit more spicy than expected. It was an adventure pick -- I would probably go for the more classic Laksa next time. We also ordered a side of stuffed tofu puffs, which I give a 5/5 and highly recommend.
Tasty, cheap, hearty food. Good options of both spicy and non-spicy Malay/Singaporean dishes. Service is pretty quick, would recommend this place to just about anyone.
You go here for a cheap quick lunch, if you expect anything more you will be disappointed. The dishes we had were tasty (we ordered the Laksa and something else), very filling, and cheap, but you find your own seat, clean up after yourself. Do not go here if you want a lazy lunch with a large group, it is noisy, the kitchen opens up to the seating area and there are only a handful of tables. But hey, the food is good and cheap, sometimes that's all you want.
Good stuff. Great value, huge portions. This little hole in the wall is fantastic when you're hungry and don't want to pay too much... There is a 20% chance you'll be using the facilities shortly after so maybe avoid it if you have a date later.
Good ol' Singaporean and Malaysian home cooking! Hawkers serves up tasty dishes that are delicious and cheap! My favorite is the Lamb Curry($6.75) with big, juicy pieces of lamb and stewed veggies. If they are out of lamb, the Beef Curry is just as good! The Mee Goreng and Nasi Goreng($4.75 each) are deliciously spicy as they should be. I've had better Satay elsewhere, but at $0.75 per skewer(min. 5) they're a steal. The Veggie Fritters($1.05 for 2) are a definite must! I usually get them to go, so I can heat them up at home(much BETTER warmed up)! Although I get them less often, the Stuffed Tofu and Mee Siam are good too, but at these prices you could try a few different items and still have change in your pocket, not to mention tasty leftovers!
"I hit Hawkers one very rainy Friday evening, after my flite into YVR was delayed and I ""lost"" my car in the long term parking.

 When i arrived I was drenched, cold, headachy, and feeling pissed off. I needed food and fast. A steaming bowl of Laksa and two veggie fritters quickly arrived which I slurped down while pretending I was in an extra in Blade Runner watching people scurrying by in the downpour.  All those wonderful characteristics of Malaysian street food, hot, steaming, spicy, coconutty and lots of other magic flavours that work so well together had me feeling way better in no time."
"Good value for money. Cheap food, nasi goreng is great and the hainanese chicken rice was a lot better than much of what you can get in Vancouver. Somebody else pointed out that the normally bland rice part of it was great too. Pleasantly but not excessively flavoured with black pepper, garlic and ginger. 

Customer service though, what customer service? It doesn't exist here. I was greeted with a scowl and a ""what do you want"". No pleases, thank you's or smiles. It doesn't take much. When I picked up my order I smiled and told the lady to have a nice day, she scowled and looked away in response like I offended her. Just like the mother country. For that reason alone, I would much rather go somewhere else. 

In short. The food is pretty good, the service is nonexistent. You get what you pay for."
Very busy, simple place, understandably so, the food is very cheap but very tasty. I ordered the Chicken Curry rice and my friend got Hainanese Chicken. Quantity was brilliant and the chicken curry rice, I'm told by my friend who's Malaysian, is authentic, meanwhile the Hainanese Chicken was good but could be better. Nevertheless, for the price you pay, this place is unbeatable. Vancouver needs more places like this.
"Great place, no gimmicks, no pretension, just really good ""street"" food like they make in Malaysia. I've had the nasi goreng, mee goreng, spring rolls, and the chicken curry, and all have been excellent, especially for the price. I wish there were more places like this in Vancouver."
"Been coming here for awhile now and I must say, decent food at decent prices. 
Prices has gone up a bit though I believe but still pretty decently priced. 
Food is good and has a lot of volume. 
Interior is small and cramped so I always get take away. 
Definitely a must try if you are in the area."
My friend had the laksa and this was truly amazing, spicy, sour and loved the seafood. Unfortunately for me I had the sayur lodeh and this was too sweet for me. I prefer something a bit more savory like laksa.
Really awesome mee goreng and hainanese chicken
"I lucked out! Singaporean food in Canada?? Can't get any better than this! This a small hole in the wall type of joint that serves up mean dishes of Singaporean/Malaysian dishes. I thought that it was incredible how they were using utensils that looked identical to the ones I remember seeing at the Hawker stations in Singapore. Definitely gave me a nostalgic feeling of when I studied abroad there 6 years ago.

The food here is delicious and they charge a reasonable price. We got there at around 1145am and realized that they didn't open until 12. There was already a small line forming outside of the restaurant too! I guess it's a locals favorite."
"Great because fast and really cheap. You can get better tasting food at Banana Leaf but it will cost you 2x as much. Good if you are in the area.

Everything I've had was delicious. 

I especially like the smaller shared dishes."
"Solid no-frills Malaysian food at an unbeatable price. Food is good but they could include more meat, especially in dishes like their nasi goreng, although this would inevitably drive up the price.

Their lakhsa is good although a bit on the fishier side, which some people may like. The hainanese chicken is great, although it took me a while to grow to like the boiled texture of the skin.

It's a little hole in the wall in an easily accessible location and has limited seating, although I suspect take out makes up a lot of their business. They're closed on Sundays."
"Super friendly service!
Great prices!
Really good food.
We love the prawn noodle soup
And the mee go rang!
And the fritters are a nice touch as well.
A favorite gem on main st"
I finally decided to stop in here after hearing about it for so long. Yes it's all the things people say on here. I have only tried one thing, the Gado Gado and it was ok. I come from the land of Banana Leaf and i have to say i prefer there's much more, and it's only a dollar or so more then Hawkers. But for what it was it was alright. I will try some more dishes to see if any of them can hook me.
Neighborhood staple. What's that? It's not the best Malaysian or Southeast Asian you've ever eaten? Well, it's pretty good for the price! Actually, I doubt I need to defend this place from imaginary would-be interlocutors/detractors. Fellow-eater and myself were satiated after ordering a dish each. Again, excellent for the price. Let's hope they don't keep raising those numbers, otherwise my defense will erode...
"Hawkers.  This place is tiny - like, hole in the wall, tiny.  It's uncomfortable in the summer and if you're seated you're likely going to feel people staring at your food while they are waiting to get a seat or place their order.  You quickly enjoy your food, scarf it down and then move on.  Don't bother trying to get cozy - it ain't gonna happen.

It's inexpensive and damn tasty.  I'm a big fan of the veggie fritters, the nasi goreng and the laksa.  For under 6 bux, you can order your lunch and have enough left overs for dinner.  They are closed at certain hours of the day and I think on Mondays so it's good to check out their hours of operation if you're making a special trip out to their joint."
"More than satisfied with our meal!! Went in and was overwhelmed by the place. It was packed on a Thursday night 7:30pm to be exact. People in line.. people standing up waiting for their take outs. I'm not very familiar with Malaysian food, so I ordered Hainanese Chicken to be on the safe side. My fiancé ended up getting the same and so we initially ordered that with 1 order of veg fritters and 2 orders of roti. To my surprise, only paid a little less than $20. I was like ""Dinner for two for just 20 bucks?!?! cool!""

Luckily, there were a couple who got up and we had a table to dine on.  we have the fritters on hand by then, The fiancé took first bite on the fritters, and I can still remember how his face brighten up! Like eyes were saying ""WOW""... And yeap, after that bite he surely got up from his seat and ordered more. He ended up eating 3 of those. 1 for me. I guess you get 2 pieces for $1.25. It is like a little smaller than the size of my fist.

Roti was served next, served with a curry-tasting dip. It was really addictive! It has a crunch on the outside and just thick/thin enough to have a little feel of bite as it is soft in the inside. Dip it in the sauce then it becomes so sooo good. Should've took some home so I can munch on it while writing this. Writing about it makes me drool for it!

Hainanese chicken was awesome too! Came with a huge serving of rice, probably just ate the quarter of it. The chicken taste perfect to me, not so satisfied with their sauce for the chicken though. I was expecting more soy based. I'm not sure what it was but I think it's chili sauce. They do have soy sauce in a bottle for condiments- which I saw a little too late, I was already working on half of my chicken, saw it from other table, that, I enjoyed with the chili sauce. 

I would definitely go back and try some other dish! We were constantly looking at other people's orders whole in there. And just talking about what to try the next time we go here. Really, really enjoyed! 

Cash Only
Small Space
Kind of: Self-Served"
"As everyone said Mee Goreng is good here! though this restaurant isnt indonesia restaurant, but their Mee Goreng reminded me of Mee Goreng abang-abang in Indonesia which is my favorite. I haven't found anywhere else that taste like this. 

Laksa is better than the one I tried in Singapore. 

Agree with everyone, I asked for spicy but isn't very spicy according to my standard. 

I think I will be back for the vegetable fitters since everyone mentions it. 

Not much seating area."
"I just discovered it over the past year - where have this place been all my life?! 

I've had my fair share of Asian food growing up (read pretty much every day of my childhood). Never had fried kuey teow or haianese chicken quite so good.

Cheap and quick too, to top it off. 
A hole in the wall yes, but service has always been fairly friendly and they clean the tables - that's more than enough service for me.

Always packed at dinner time, but you can always get take out :)"
"I wanted to like it.  It says ""Hawker's"" right there in the signboard, right?  Laksa, Hainanese Chicken Rice, Nasi Goreng... what could possibly go wrong?  Cheap prices too.

Well, yeah, cheap prices = cheap fast food level quality.  Nothing really stood out.  The flavors were similar to what you could get with instant laksa noodle packages.  They're banking on quantity, not quality.  What the food does provide though is a certain sense of sentimentality.  My graceful companion said that the food tasted very similar to what she had in Singapore.  So, $8 for a dish of memories is quite the deal."
Awesome Malaysian fast food.  Food is tasty, price is reasonable, and service is fast. What more can you ask for.   Yes, the place is small and noisy.  It is a hawker's deli.  If you want atmosphere, go to a fine dining restaurant.  As far as food is concern, definitely recommended, especially those fritters.  Yummm!!
I really loved their Laksa.  It had a nice flavour to it.  Definitely would go there again!  :)
"I haven't actually been inside this place yet so I can't comment on the service or any of that. One of my girl friends had come in from Alberta and she was craving laksa, so another one of our friends suggested we come over and she would pick up some food from this little spot for us. I had a look at the menu and requested Hainanese Chicken. I haven't had this chicken in a long time, but thought it looked the most waistline-friendly. 

DELICIOUS. Honestly, I was expecting the steamed chicken with regular white rice, but the entire dish was so good.. I could've ordered a second helping and stuffed myself with another service, even though I was full off that $7 item!! 

I'll definitely be checking this spot out one day."
"Good spot for cheap and fast take out, but from all the 4 and 5 star reviews I was expecting a little better in terms of food quality.  Don't get me wrong, it's definitely good value for the money, but I wouldn't go out of the way to eat here again.  

We tried the Tofu Goreng (tofu in peanut sauce with bean sprouts), Nasi Goreng (fried rice), and Sayur Lodeh Bee Hoon (noodles in a coconut soup base with various other ingredients).  I would order the Nasi Goreng again, but the other two dishes were a little lack lustre... the leftovers are currently dying in my fridge which is not a great sign.  

At $15 it was a steal, but I'd rather shell out a few extra bucks for some better quality grub."
It is good and has a good variety of food. Its a good quick stop for lunch. I'm always looking for a food adventure and I was pleasantly surprised by a dish called  Mee Rubus. It's a little more savory and the broth is slightly thick which I found very interesting and delicious. It can get a little loud in here and it seems it's always congested. Its a challenge to navigate around tables and chairs. Elf service with the chow sticks spoons and tea. In not a big fan of the plastic cups for hot tea. The window counter at the front is a fun spot if your solo and want to people watch.
"The name alone drew us in, as well as the reviews that say Hawkers Delght is a ""dingy hole in the wall."" Ummm have you met us? We love that! 

We walked in on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, and it was super busy. Luckily we grabbed the last available table. The menu is posted on the wall and reading the options brought back so many amazing memories from Malaysia and Singapore, the latter being my favorite food destination in the world so far. To name a few, there was Nasi goreng, bee hoon, mee goreng, and of course the national dish of S'pore: Hainanese chicken rice. The prices are also amazing...$5.90 or less for nearly everything except the curry lamb, which was a few dollars extra. The portion sizes are huge and great for sharing.

 I ordered the Hainanese chicken rice, my hubby ordered nasi goreng (vegetarian spicy fied rice), and we got some veg fritters as an appetizer. The veg fritters were huge and served with a tangy sauce. The chicken rice was also quite large and every piece of chicken was silky smooth and boneless! The Mt Rainier sized mound of rice was infused perfectly with ginger and chicken fat. It was all served with a side of spicy and tangy minced ginger sauce. I kid you not, people....it was the BOMB!!! I was in a happy chicken rice stupor afterwards. 

P.S. Cash only!"
"Let me start with: I AM MALAYSIAN. And with that said, my judgment will still be a fair one. 

Aside from the nice, low prices, I do not see any reason for frequent visits to this place. It was my first time there with some friends who have been to this little food shack. It sure looked authentic when I first got there. I ordered at the counter like everybody else, and realised the family behind the counter was Singaporean. 

If you're not Malaysian, you won't know that Singaporeans cannot cook our food. They make a right mess of it, the same way they just did right here. I'm sorry to say, but this was very much a Hawker's Un-Delight to me. I was dissatisfied with the cooking and absolutely horrified that they should dare promote themselves for their ""Malaysian"" food. I think it only fair that it just says ""Singaporean"" cuisine on their window. But, as there is NO SUCH THING as Singaporean cuisine, they might as well borrow some of our dishes; however please do not say it is ""Malaysian"" because Singaporeans will never learn to cook the way Malaysians do. 

It is almost impossible to find real Malaysian food in this country, which brings me to my original point of fairness. I want to be fair to them and say they're doing all right as they still manage to keep a throng of regulars. 

Overall, I would say: try it once to see if you like it., and if you do... oh boy... wait till you taste REAL Malaysian food!"
"Hawkers Delight Vancouver is a hole in the wall Malaysian restaurant on Main Street. Barely 200 sqft, this dated kitchen serves up authentic Singaporean, authentic Malaysian cuisine in Vancouver. Popular dishes include Nasi Goreng, Laksa Noodles, Hainanese Chicken Rice, Roti, etc. The prices are dirty cheap around $5 to $6 with generous portions. Seats are not very comfortable and on a hot summer's day, you are better off ordering take out. If you are looking for more comfortable seating arrangements than Penang Delight Cafe would be your better bet.

Dried Noodle | Mee Pok Been Hoon: Served on a bed of warm dry egg noodles, bean sprouts, veggies, and minced pork.

Laksa: A slight sweet and not very spicy version of Laksa curry noodles. Flavors seems toned down compared to Bo Laksa King on Hastings. Served with tofu puffs, hard boil egg, and minced pork in coconut curry broth.

Roti Canai: This roti was flat and starchy. I didn't really like this Malaysian pastry pancake much. I think the best roti canai in Vancouver is at Bo Laksa King or Penang Delight. The dipping sauce here was water thin and didn't have the rich flavors of coconut cream, cloves or star anise."
I popped in here for a quick bite to eat and was not disappointed. It was busy and hard to find a seat but people moved in and out pretty quickly. I had the mee goreng with medium spice and found the heat was perfect for me. I would definitely come back and it seems the perfect place for take out. (Just make sure you have cash)
"I love this place. I looooove their vegetable fritters. If I could eat it everyday I would. Not only is the food here delicious, but also decently priced as well. We ordered the hainanese chicken and the lontong sayur (no. 2 on the menu) and it was so good. I'm definitely going back to try their other dishes especially the noodle dishes they have.

Only thing I didn't like is that the place was small but that's not going to deter me from coming back to eat their delicious food. Also make sure to bring cash!

Edit: I would like to say the laksa and kway teow was delicious. That is all."
Portions are decent for the hianese chicken. Although it was delicious. Love their rice, cooked well and goes with it! Their roti is made pretty well, although the sauce wasn't spiced or as thck as what I've had in the past.
Try the stuffed tofu with veggies and meegoreng! The laksa is ok but not the greatest.
Delicious mee- goreng! Nice spot for fast but delicious tasty food. Smaller spot, but they've put in as many perches as they could. Free water and cups which I really appreciate places do. This spot is perfect for a pick up on the way home to a movie at home night.
Tastes better than the food I've eaten at actual Hawker stalls in Singapore. Easily my new favorite place to grab a bite in Vancouver.
"I love the street food vibes in here! They make delicious and authentic food here at Hawkers. 

Despite my lack of tolerance for spicy dishes, I always order a bowl of laksa. It has a delicious coconut flavour which is so creamy and not found anywhere else! The spicyness sometimes goes straight to the back of my throat and burns me, but I can't help but keep going back for this dish! Also, the roti is super authentic and full of layers. 

Just wish their service was a little more friendly and menus a little bit more clear. But regardless, this is still a prime spot to visit on Main St!"
"Hainan chicken and rice!! That is all! 

This place looks and smells amazing once you're able to get in. Tiniest hole in the wall! It's on the  busiest road, parking is non existent. It's also camouflage between many tiny signs and grocery stores!

I tried last time to dine in but it was unsuccessful! So this time, take out it is! Dinner rush was busy. Called half hour ahead for chicken and rice and it still had a little wait. Tiny kitchen, so many people cooking! Family run for sure! The place was full! 

Mee goreng is massive!! But the chicken and rice was rather small. Tasty fragrant rice! A lot of rice! Tiny chicken. For a fatty skin pieces, they were quite good! My pup loves the smell so much he tried to steal some :) Overall, I prefer Thai chicken and rice over this version. But this was pretty tasty! Just a lot of hassle getting to here. Laksa look pretty good for next time!"
"As far as I can tell from local Vancouverites, Hawkers is an institution, and not for nothing. After finally trying it out I'm willing to say I definitely want to come back!

I went for the Fried Kuey Teow, and made sure to ask for spicy - and guess what, it was reasonably spicy! No skimping on the capsaicin here, like a lot of other places do. For a cool $10 I got a heaping, delicious pile of veggies, noodles, and meat, and quite quickly to boot.

It's not often you find a meal that really warms the heart and makes you feel just full enough. And the folks working here are really nice too. What's not to love?"
Not quite as good as it used to be, but the char kuey teow is still excellent! Cash only and quite tight on space, but one of my favorite places to share a meal with someone else!
"Went here a few times already. Two words: Cash Only. Two more words: vegetable fritters (2 for $1.25).
Tried the following dishes :
Nasi Goreng (Fried Rice)
Mee Rebus (Boiled noodles in a pool of spicy but delicious sauce)
Laksa 
Fried stuffed Tofu puffs 

It gets pretty crowded during lunch and dinner rush, but considering that most items are under $10 for a hefty portion (make sure you can finish all your food while dining in as they do charge for takeout containers for all unconsumed food)."
"I've went to Singapore before so to find out that this was Singaporean food, I was even more intrigued by this place.   I realized that the name Hawkers Delight actually is derived from the Hawker centres found throughout Singapore (something I learned when I traveled there).   Hawker centres are places in the city that have many various good eateries situated in one place for a very affordable price.  The same was found here at Hawkers Delight.   It's a nice small place and when you walk in you can see the menu displayed above with pictures of the delicious food.  I wanted to try them all.   

Anyway, I ordered the lamb curry served with rice.   My friends ordered mee goreng (noodle dish) and laksa (soup).   Our food was brought to us and I was really satisfied with what was presented to me.   The portions on each of our orders was perfect.  I had the lamb curry in one dish and the portion of rice on another.   The lamb and the sauce it was in was rich and I poured that shit all over my rice and it was amazing.  The taste was delicious and reminded me of my visit to Singapore.   I will definitely come back here to try the other dishes."
"This place is know for their cheap price and large portions.  Not the best Malay food I ever had but still pretty good.  The place is pretty run down and need a bit of reno.  I would give it another star if the food was spicier and tastier.  I tried their Laksa but it was too sweet for my liking.  I also tried their Char Kuey Teow.  I thought it was soup noodle but was more like mee goreng like.  I didn't like the porky base sauce as I got this dish thinking it would be vegetarian.  Vege fritta was ok - bit greasy but ok.

I tried few of their other dishes that I can't remeber the name but nothing really stood out as outstanding.  Still, a pretty good place to grab a quick and cheap bite."
"I couldn't stop thinking about laksa one day and looked it up on Google to find many people raving about this place, so off I dragged my boyfriend to try this place.

It is a small restaurant with as many tables it could possibly fit with enough room to squeeze through. Before entering we noticed all the awards and Yelp stickers on the glass door!

There was a bit of a wait for a table, but by the time we had ordered a space cleared up for us to settle into (our backup was some space on the counter on the side). Here you order first at the window and they give you a number.

We ordered the chicken curry noodles, laksa (see above), and a side order of roti. Each of the dishes were very flavourful and was a good portion. With three dishes and a drink, the total was around $25 making it a very inexpensive meal for the tasty goodness you get. I can't speak to the authenticity, but it was really great food. We'll be returning to try their other items - so far eyeing the hainese chicken, mee goreng, and veggie fritters, tee hee."
"Haven't been here in ages.. It's still the same old dirty hole-in-the-wall hawker place with pretty authentic tasting Singaporean and Malaysian food! 

We ordered the Roti Prata to start, and the Fried Kway Teow and Hainanese Chicken Rice as our mains. The Roti Prata was crispy, with a rich buttery taste. The curry dip it came with was flavourful, albeit a tad over-salty. The Fried Kway Teow (my absolute fave dish to order at any Singaporean / Malaysian place) was quite delicious! Wok-fried to order in their big open kitchen, it tasted just like the same dish you would get straight from a hawker centre in Singapore. Both the chicken & the rice in the Hainanese Chicken Rice dish had just the right hit of flavour. The only thing missing was an accompanying bowl of chicken rice soup to wash it down with! 

The place is small and can get pretty warm even with a ceiling fan. Water/hot tea is available,  alongside self-serve utensils. Decent portion sizes and relatively low prices make for good value. With authentic-tasting food and a truly hawker-like experience, it's worth stopping in for a bite if you're in the area."
Currently Closed!!! What is going on at Hawkers? Anyone know? I am going through withdrawals!  lol.
"We managed to order lunch during the weekend rush and get a couple seats by the window without having to wait too long. You order, pay in cash and get a number. The kitchen staff drop off food at wherever you are seated.

We ordered a few items: hainanese chicken, mee goreng and roti prata. Food arrived in reasonable time. The chicken and rice was okay. I have had better chicken and more aromatic rice elsewhere. The value is there at under $10 for the meal. The roti was good - flaky and oily goodness. The curry dipping sauce was very coconut based and was good. 

Decent cheap eats if you are in the area. The portion size is good for the price. Cash only and parking can be challenging at times in the area."
"***Warning: Do not come here if you are a critic whose liking of the food is based mostly on the restaurant's choice of interior decor***

Ok, you have been warned. Now let's get to the important part of this review: The food.

Having heard about this place and being a fan of cheap, authentic and good food, I decided to try it out for dinner. Not only that, I brought one of my Singaporean friends with me to try it out so that I would have all aspects of my review covered.

We tried the Laksa, Mee Goreng and a tofu dish with peanut sauce (I forget the name of it). My Singaporean friend gives all of them a stamp of approval in terms of authenticity. Being a noodle fanatic, the Laksa was delicious! The ingredients used were all fresh, and the coconut curry broth was spicy, tasty and aromatic. Move over Banana Leaf -- if you want good Laksa for your buck, come to Hawker's instead. The Mee Goreng was full of spice and flavour -- slightly on the oilier side, but I was too busy enjoying the taste of it to care. As for the tofu dish with the peanut sauce, I caution you to share it -- either you have to love tofu to eat it for your meal, or you should find people to share it with, because the peanut sauce deceivingly covers a majority of the tofu squares.

The place definitely is small and has the hawker's feel to it. There is an order window where you order and pay, and they will bring the food to you when it is ready. With the Asian-style coloured cafeteria eating utensils, plates and bowls, it really takes me back to the good ol' days in Asia where food was good and cheap -- just like it is here at Hawkers."
"Food: 3.5/5 - we ordered the tofu goreng, Hainanese chicken and rice, laksa, nasi goreng, and roti. The hainanese chicken was my favorite. Large portion and flavorful rice that will make you want to chow it down fast. The laksa also was also tasty. The tofu gorgeng wasn't anything special but servings size was large. The nasi goreng was spicier then expected for a mild and would maybe get it less spicy to appreciate the flavor a little more.


Service: 2/5 - practically no service, you order, grab your own cutlery and water, sit down and wait for your food. Don't expect anything more than that.

Ambiance: 3/5 (this depends) - it's a hole in the wall with Asian street-food vibes. It's not the fanciest and cleanest place. But it does give it an authentic feel or experience. The place is small can feel a little cramped

Value: 4/5 - the food was good with decent sized portions. For less than $15, you'll have your fill. 

Overall, I doubt I'll come back to this place unless I lived in the area and was walking around and needed something to eat. 

Tip: it's cash only"
Very tasty food, reminded me of being back in Malaysia. The hainanese chicken rice was a little out of proportion for rice:chicken but overall really good. Will definitely go back!
"Classic hole in the wall excellence, complete with cash only, self serve water, and delicious food. I will 100% return to this place every time I visit Vancouver. It's as close as I can get without actually going to Singapore. From a Singaporean's perspective, here's what to get:

Kway Teow (5/5): This is a classic singaporean/malaysian dish, that is not to be missed. It's kind of like pad see ew, but with a more savory flavor rather than sweet. One of my favorites.

Laksa (5/5): Must get. This is a coconut based seafood noodle soup. It's a bit spicy but as someone who really hates spice, I will deal with it for this dish. 

Bak Kut Teh (5/5): This pork herbal soup will heal your soul and fight off diseases you didn't know you had. Super peppery and flavorful. Give this lesser known soup a try!

Mee Pok (4/5): This noodle dish isn't as flavorful as the other dishes.

Hainan chicken rice (3/5): Not enough flavor and fragrance."
"Hole-in-the-wall, Malaysian/Singaporean, Cash Only, Cheap

Your to go Malaysian/Singaporean place that is meant for ""to-go"". Also, a great hole in the wall! After coming back from Malaysia and Singapore, it does the hawkers' places great justice.

First, this place is tiny! Unless you are lucky to find a spot by the window or come outside of peak hours, you have better bets taking this home. But if you are one of the few lucky ones who snag a seat, do order a good variety. Great portion size and immense flavor! I will warn you that many things on the menu is quite spicy. Family owned and staff are very sweet. Do know they are swamped 100% of peak hours so don't take offence when they are not as attentive then. 

Second, here are a few items to try: steaming Laksa (great for a cold day), Char kway teow, gato gato, Mee Goreng. Fritters! They are sold next to the cashier, buy a few to snack on while you wait!

Third, don't come during rush hours."
"* Almost like the hawkers in Singapore *

With the heat yesterday sitting in the small dining area it *almost* reminded me of being at an outdoor hawker food court in Singapore.  Ok.  Scratch that.  It wasn't even close to hot enough.  We are such wimps in Vancouver with heat - complaining when it hits 25 degrees!  

(Although I do confess that when in Singapore I frequently will happily visit the indoor ones too!)

I'm not sure how I never put up a review for Hawkers before.  But after visiting yesterday I realized I should as it is a long time favourite for me.  

My favourite dish here is the lontong.  The rice is prepared inside of a banana leaf and compressed into nice little rice cakes.  These are covered with a mild coconut curry filled with all sorts of goodies like fried tofu, cabbage, carrots, a hard boiled egg, fried onion paste, a hint of chili oil, and a slight hint of belachan (shrimp paste).  

It makes for a very filling meal for an incredibly reasonable $4.75.

Also tried out one of the vegetable fritters they had just freshly prepared and had sitting on the counter.  This was a massive fritter filled with all sorts of different veggies.  It was served at room temperature but wasn't the slightest bit greasy.  After ordering it they gave a quick spoonful of a vinegar based sweet sauce that soaked into the fritter.  Delicious snack for $1.05.

They make a very nice laksa as well - but I hadn't been in a while so I had to order the lontong!

I agree with Claudia L completely - Hawkers definitely kicks Noodle Box's butt!"
"This is where to get the real authentic Singaporean food(- spiciness) . I lived in Singapore for over 5+ years so I can guarantee that this is the real Singaporean food.
I came here with my friends and shared mee goreng, lamb curry, laksa, roti, chicken curry and chicken rice......the food is really good. Great portion, great food, cheap(in Vancouver standard)  and very authentic. 

My favorite is Laksa. The laksa is really close to the best laksa I had in Singapore. It was so good to the extent that I even finished drinking the soup... If it was spicier, it will be even more authentic but I think most people including me will not be able to tolerate the Singaporean spice level...."
"Super affordable Malaysian cuisine on the heart of Mount Pleasant! I've wanted to try this place for a while but I never have cash on me (they are cash only). Today I stumbled upon Hawkers again so my boyfriend and I decided to try the food here. I ordered Laksa ($9.55) and he ordered Mee Rubus ($8.55). To be honest I'm not too familiar with the cuisine and I've only had Laksa twice (both in Vancouver) so I may not be the best judge, but our out of three times I've had it this place was my least favourite. The flavour was a bit lacking and there weren't enough toppings VS noodles. Noodles were also rice noodles or wheat noodles and not egg noodles. However, for the price I would say it's a bargain as their service was super fast too. 

I'm someone who looks for taste before price so I would give Hawker's a 3 based on the Laksa that I've tried but I'll have to come back and try more things from here."
"Because it's Covid time,  we could take out only. Drove 15 minutes to here for our first time visit after seeing a lot of good review here. Finding a parking was not easy - we had to park the car four blocks away on Saturday 1pm. 

Ordered Laksa and Veggie Fritters and I think they are pretty much so so. My husband ordered Mee Goreng and said it's not too bad. 

I think I won't drive all the way here again unless I am happen to be around."
"Great spot to fulfil the craving for fast, cheap, and delicious Singaporean food. I'll be returning. 

[Dishes]
Laksa - really tasty, not overly spicy, and surprisingly sweet compared to other laksa that I've had. Would recommend.

Hainanese Chicken rice - the rice was cooked to perfection, you'll taste the chickeny goodness with every bite. The chicken was good too, but the rice is the standout.

[Atmosphere]
Things are bustling. Make sure to scope out a table quick, or you could be left standing with a tray of food and nowhere to eat it. The service is quick and efficient, and won't appreciate anything that slows down the stream of food from the kitchen. 

If you've got a big group, this place probably isn't for you. I'd say four max to sit comfortably. 

[Value]
Pretty good value. Paid $10 each for the laksa and the chicken rice."
"Simple yet delicious. The chicken rice, mee rebus and mee goreng was good. Very authentic. They only take cash! There's an ATM around the corner. 
I'm glad we stopped by on the way to Vancouver. Boleh!"
"Guys, trust me the Laksa here is AMAZING!!!

I find myself coming back here again and again for a quick meal, for take out, and to just enjoy in this small shop! I constantly crave their laksa, nowhere else makes it like them!!"
Good selection with great prices. Had the nasi goreng which was great flavour and a wonderful size. Couldn't finish it all. Ordered the spicy version but still needed to add hot sauce. Next time I'd get it to go as the eat in area is small and cramped so you can't help but be bumped into by other diners.
Price alert!  The menus photographed have old pricing.  Add about 1.5 to each item for the updated price.  The food here is tasty and much like the hawker style in South East Asia.  Try their char Kuay Teow - it is pretty authentic.
This place is love. It's pretty much your definition of a hole-in-the-wall family run restaurant with cheap prices, a menu on the wall, and serve yourself utensils kinda place. I came here after hiking with my boyfriend and he loved the place so much, by the time we left I could tell he wanted to give the small Asian lady behind the counter a hug. We will definitely be coming back to this place to try more items on the menu, but really, you can't go wrong with anything! The fried rice is greasy, chewy, and has the perfect amount of kick to it. The laksa is creamy yet soupy and oh-so-comforting on a cold evening. I could go on and on about the food here, but it really speaks for itself!
"Tasty, delicious meals at reasonable prices! There aren't a lot of tables but they have 2 different counter seating spots. You won't go wrong with anything on the menu plus get the vegetable fritters!
Tip: prepare to pay $0.25 for every container you need for your leftovers."
"Came here after hearing many recommendations and having it on my to try list for years and we were not disappointed with the food or the prices! Very small place with not a huge menu but the people that work there are really nice and the food is authentic! 

We got the hainanese chicken rice, which was really flavourful, a large portion and had a good amount of chicken as well! I tried out the mee pok with minced pork sauce, some protein (shrimp, pork and fish cake) and lots of noodles, for the first time and although it looked really heavy, but since the portion was so large, when you mixed everything in, it wasnt overly salty or oily! I really liked the noodle they used too! 
Next we got the fried kwey teow which was rice noodles wok fried with egg, fish cake, chicken and shrimp. They were quite generous with the amount of size of this dish and it was dang tasty too! My family also loved the laksa which was the perfect blend of spicy and coconut. The noodles were the rice noodles (thick) which I don't love but I believe you can choose to change the noodle if requested. I liked that they also gave a good amount of chicken and prawn on top as well. We topped off the meal with their vegetable fritters which were a GREAT price for some huge sized fried vegetable balls! 

Overall, Hawkers Delight has it all! Food that is really yummy, large portions for the price and friendly service. Some dishes are a little oilier but thats expected for Malaysian food and they dont have many ""appies"" but their large dishes are so well priced, you could just order another ;)"
"Came here for quick lunch with my brothers. Small little hole in the wall place with delicious Malaysian comfort food and so cheap!!!

It's the kind of place that makes you feel like you're in Singapore or Malaysia (was also very hot this day).

Their fried veggie fritters were so tasty. I didn't expect much out of them but I was pleasantly surprised. We got chicken rice and char kuey teow, classic dishes I always order. I'm not picky with food but I have to say they were one of the best dishes I've ever had, maybe because of the great prices and portions, but it was so worth it. I've never been to Malaysia or Singapore but it really made me feel like I was there because the flavors are so authentic!

Will find my way back to this gem soon!"
"I was here a few nights ago with my boyfriend to do takeout this time. It was a lot different. We were here for the Fried Keuy Teow and Mee Goreng. They were $8.60 and $7.25 per dish. Really good value because they actually put the take out food in a plastic container that is microwave safe. I think it's a pretty good bargain but the downfall is we chose non-spicy and it really tasted bland. The wait for take out was a good 10-15 mins for those two dishes and we got Roti. I have to say all of these were really oily and heavy on MSG. I ate half of what I expected to eat because there was so much MSG and oil. The roti can be better but ya.... 

Overall, it's a good bargain for what you get just it was kinda bland for me. Do get the spicy and if you can't eat spicy you can maybe try mild spicy."
"I seriously love this place. I love the feel of this little joint - it totally reminds me of Chinese street food cafeteria style dining, and they keep true to the feeling with the prices and the flavour. 

All the notes are right: cash only, be quick with your meal, serve your own water and get your own cutlery and napkins. Other notes; not open on Mondays, and they're about to close out for a month on vacation (Aug 15 - Sept 15 2013 I think). 

The laksa is delicious - the portions for the price are mind-boggling, and their Hainanese Chicken + Rice is so fantastic. We wanted to order a bunch of other dishes, but we seriously couldn't fit enough in our little tummies. 

Come hungry and come ready for some greasy food. Leverage the pictures above the ordering area if you need. Keep an eye on table diners as they leave, it seems you need to do a bit of hovering if its crowded, since tables don't seem to be handed out first-come-first-serve (we had a table or two swooped out from under us until we finally held our stance and secured seats).

I love this place. I would come here all the time if I could. If you've never been, it's time to visit one of the go-to eateries in this beautiful city! What are you waiting for?!"
Good food for a great price. A change of pace and an interesting menu.. A friend introduced me to it years ago and I keep coming back when I am in the neigbourhood  Stop in and try it you just might like it !!!!
"After hearing some hype about this place, I decided to check out it.  Walking down Main St., I thought I had the wrong address as the place looks like a run down western cafe.  However, the strangely alluring busy hole-in-the-wall with large picture menus and low prices beckoned and I had the feeling that I found something special.

Coming at lunch time, the tiny cafeteria was busy (capacity being about 15 people).  Packed with patrons all shuffling pass each other down the narrow aisleways flanked by small tables, my friend and I were snapped out of our picture menu gawking and our indecisiveness as someone had to elbow past us to get a tea refill.

As mentioned in other reviews, most of the dishes are about $4-$5 and they offer tons of vegetarian options with the various rice/noodle plates.  For about $20, we got a lot of food:
- 6 x satay skewers ($0.75 each)
- nasi goreng (fried rice) - veggie
- mee goreng (fried noodle) - veggie
- lamb curry with rice ($6.75 - most expensive thing on the menu)

Place your order, pay the cashier, grab your utensils and tea, try to snipe a seat, and wipe off the curry remnants from the last diner off the table - and you don't notice any waiting time before they bring your dishes to you.

The portions are perfectly-sized - large and filling (perfect for a cheap lunch) but not so huge that you feel like a glutton (although you definitely are indulging) if you order two dishes.  Feel like a small-time baller for $10.

The nasi goreng was good and I preferred it over the mee goreng (felt like it was missing a spicy kick - maybe I'm too used to the 'Mi Goreng' instant noodles I get from T&T).  But the highlight was the lamb curry with rice.  Not as spicy as its threatening red appearance would lead you to believe but the curry was flavourful and the lamb chunks were so tender and moist - over rice, this was some sensational comfort food.

After an amazing meal (especially considering the value) our plates and neon-coloured bowls were quickly bussed away.  Being as busy as the place was and seeing others hunting for seats, I felt uncomfortable loitering and sipping tea and quickly slinked my way to the exit trying not to bump into someone enjoying their food.

Not a place for a sit-down meal, but as the name suggests, it's a place to get your good grub on, quickly and cheaply like the hawker centres in Asia.  Take-out is a good option; charging ~$0.25 per take out container - which I thought I was strange considering they save on bussing and dishwashing - shrug.

Overall, I was pretty happy to find this gem of a hole-in-the-wall and will be back to try the Hainanese chicken rice and laksa.  I think the game of human Tetris you play when you come inside the cramped interior is part of the appeal - after all, it feels like you fought for your food.  If I worked/lived nearby, I would be a regular here - just please don't elbow me in the head when I'm eating."
"Just wonderful. Everything about this place reminds me of hawker food back home. The sweltering heat in the summer, the rude service, the smell that lingers in your clothes, the cheap prices and of course, the amazing food. Definitely the most authentic Singaporean/Malaysian food outside of either country. 

Order the char kway teow or the mee goreng."
As some have noted, this is the quintessential hole in the wall. But it's a fantastic spot for authentic Singaporean hawker style food.  The area for eating is miniscule and diners will sit armpit to elbow with their neighbors, so it's an authentic experience!  We tried the laksa and the Hainan chicken rice, both signature dishes for this type of restaurant.  While the Hainan chicken was decent, the laksa was outstanding and I would travel across town to have this again.  The prices are ridiculously cheap but all of the money is spent on the food, not the décor.  A top find.
This is a tiny hole in the wall eatery that is delicious. I have only tried the laksa but it never disappoints - whenever I'm over in the area I make an effort to visit. It's small size means it's advisable to get there shortly after it opens to get a seat if you are a group. As I've only dined there solo I've never had a problem getting a space. Cash only, but it's really good value for money.
This place is a dive, hole in the wall, etc etc and it's amazing. Best place for cheap Malaysian/Singapore food. I often go for the meegoreng. It's one of the better ones in the city. Yes, it's greasy but what asian fried noodle dish isn't? You'll certainly be paying at least 50% more at the other full service restaurants. Hawkers Delight is an ode to eating in Southeast Asia. Packed full of people, questionable cleanliness, and delicious food made on the spot. Perfect. The only thing it's missing is the cheap plastic chairs and metal tables that you often find in those parts of the world.
Have lived in the Main Street area for 10 years and finally found the time to eat at Hawkers. Wow was I surprised at this hole in the wall. I had the vegetarian curry which came out in less then 10 mins and was delicious. I had more then enough for lunch and the leftovers were perfect for dinner. Will definitely be back.
"prob one of the best kept well known secrets of Mount Pleasant.  Malaysian Street style food, nasi goreng to die for or curry beef on rice.  veggie options throughout also, the deep fried veggie fritters are soooo good.  

price average $4-$6 a plate....satay $1.50 with 5 as a minimum order.

usually only takes about 5-10 mins to be served your food, and maybe 15 mins wait for takeout.

good feel, good hood.....great food, better price"
As a student, i woud highly recommand this place. As a Malayaian, i would strongly suggest you to try prawn mee and char kway teow. You get both the value and the authenticity.
This is the best Singaporean food you can find in the whole of Canada. The portion and price is reasonable that hit the spot!
Hawker's Delight brings you well priced authentic Malaysian food. I really enjoyed their Mee Goreng, Char Kuey Teow and Laksa. They also have really good roti canai. The place is very small and has limited seating and has a more of a server yourself concept. Food comes fast and you will leave feeling full without dropping a lot of $$.
"This place is very small but homey. Walk in and the aroma hits you along with the sounds of the kitchen and fellow dine in guests. I also adore the folk music they got going on in the background. It's very tight squeeze to walk around but if you're a solo traveler like me, I recommend sitting at the window to people watch. 

The food comes out really fast too. Not even a minute after I sat down, it was delivered to me. 

I'm so glad I came here because there is zero malaysian food in San Diego :( I have a soft spot for Malaysian food since it reminds me a lot of Vietnamese. 

I ordered the Laksa and if you're Vietnamese, this tastes like the coconut version of Bun Rieu. Its so good and cheap too."
We decided to drop in here after seeing the line-ups at some of the more trendy places in the neighborhood. It was pretty busy inside, but people get in and out quickly. We ordered Mee Rebus and Vegetable Curry with rice. Both dishes were rich, flavorful and hearty with a good amount of spice. Lots of options on the menu so definitely need to come back here to try other things. If you're looking for ambiance, go elsewhere. The food is definitely on point.
Been here multiple times, always satisfied. I am a Penang borned Singaporean, so i am really particular about my Malaysian-Singaporean food, and this  place gets it. Fav are char kway teow and Laksa. And the price is so reasonable too!
"Hawkers is a definite go-to spot. It's very vegetarian friendly, though those who enjoy meat will also be very pleased. Did I mention that it's cheap? Oh....right. Well, it's very cheap. 
It's often crowded and a bit chaotic, don't assume that because you ordered together your food will arrive simultaneously. It's kind of part of the experience though. That feeling of jealousy as your friend begins only adds to the delight when you get your big plate of piping hot delicious food.
That's about it, it's very good and very cheap. It's so down to earth that you occasionally have to flag down the food runner and convince her you ordered that dish she's carrying, but that's kind of fun too."
A little gem tucked away on Main, that's very true of Hawker's Delight! Specializing in Singaporean and Malaysian cuisine, their laksa is one to none in town. Rich coconut broth with just the perfect amount of chili oil, and add a dash of savoury fish paste will bring you to Singapore and back  ! It's a rare find in Vancouver. We also had Hainanese chicken with rice, although you may find better options elsewhere as the chicken is a tad chewy and they only serve the spicy sauce (no ginger and green onion dipping sauce). Not a bad place and looking forward to trying their Char Kway Teu next time!
Cheap eat, and full of quantity. If you're starving and want a quick burst of south East Asian flavours, this is the place to go. The veggie fritters and nasi goreng are some of my go-tos but other dishes are also delicious and reasonably priced. If you're ever in the area, you should stop by and try it. Perfect for a night when you are hungry and can't decide what to eat.
"This area is filled with restaurants and eateries but luck was on my side and I found parking right outside! We came after the rush around 7:15pm on a Friday night so we got a good size table by the wall. It's definitely hole in the wall type of place where you grab your own utensils and tea/water. The plastic cups for hot tea isn't really ideal so mainly used to clean the utensils.

We ordered some of the classics. Fried kuey teow, hainanese chicken, roti prata and bak kut teh with noodles. The kuey teow we asked for mild heat and I guess they couldn't do it because there was no heat at all. It was quite bland but you can still taste the 'wok air' (frying with a wok that gives off a different taste). 

The hainanese chicken was boneless and pretty tender; mostly dark meat and dressed with some sauce already. The rice is seasoned well also so the sauce on the side was not really necessary. I could definitely see myself eating just this again. 

I have had bak kut teh elsewhere and this one is not nearly as peppery as it should or could be. The spareribs had no taste at all because it all went into the broth?? I am really glad we chose the round rice noodles instead of rice to go with it. 
Finally the roti, when it came, I wasn't impressed. It was very flat on the plate like a green onion pancake. When I broke it up with a fork, then I could see it had some layers too it. The curry sauce is very runny and had some heat. I am glad I tried it but it's not the best in town. 

I would come back for takeout orders. The atmosphere is authentic to how you would eat it in Malaysia, I suppose? Definitely not a fan of all those fans."
Hawker's Delight is the closest restaurant to authentic Singaporean food that I've gone to, and you'll absolutely love how good (and spicy, and inexpensive) it is! I had the laksa (rice noodles in a spicy curry soup, coconut milk, tofu puffs, fish cakes, egg, chicken, prawns, and sprouts), roti prata (kind of like a pancake that's crispy on the outside, non-GF) served with curry sauce, and fried Kuey Teow (one of my favourites! Spicy rice noodles with egg, bean sprouts, prawns, fish cakes, and green onions). You HAVE to try this place. It's not very clean and it's a little cramped, but that's how a lot of hawker stalls are like when I visit Singapore, so maybe I'm used to it. Amazing authentic food though!
The Veggie Fritters were surreal - order at least two. Also tried the Laksa and loved it. We did very little talking during the meal, eating with a ravenous efficiency and speed that might have done us damage. You will sweat like hot yoga.
"Tasty cheap eats. Worth it. 
An institution on main st.
Expect to spend $10 per person."
"I've been coming to Hawkers for well over a decade when the prices were insanely cheap and the menu was photos of a dish stuck on the wall. Every time I come back (which is often) its always heart warming to see the same familiar faces in the kitchen. 

For me this restaurant is a mixture of nostalgia and just amazing consistent food. Its a very small restaurant so be prepared to get cozy with a neighbour and its also self service so you grab your own cutlery & tea/water in the front. 

Hands down my favourite dishes are:

- Dried Bee Hon (5/5) 
Thin rice noodles tossed with the most delicious sweet/savoury meat sauce with bok choy bean sprouts and pickled chilis (p.s ask for extra pickled chilis they give the dish a great tangy/spicy zip) 

-  Mee Goreng (5/5) 
I always get mine spicy, overall this dish is just so comforting. The balance of the chewy egg noodles with a mixture of stir fried tomato, potato, onion and veggies is perfect.

- Hainanese Chicken Rice (4/5) 
If you are use to the Hainan China style of chicken rice than this will be completely different. But regardless this is still delicious, the chicken is succulent (and the bones are cut out which I pleasantly enjoy). The rice texture is like broken rice and flavour wise is a little more on the subtle side. *Tip there will be a bottle of a type of soy sauce on each table, USE IT on this dish it brings that extra uumpph!"
"Came by on a Saturday afternoon to this very popular Singapore/Malaysian establishment.  It is small with limited seating but we were lucky and secured a table.  We ordered the chicken curry (with rice), fried noodles and roti with curry..all for $20.  The noodles and chicken curry were okay...fairly typical Malaysian.   The roti & dipping curry combo was the highlight of the meal...if we went back, that is all I would order.  They also have complimentary hot tea.

Great food value for the price and it was a positive food experience...happy to go back just for the roti & curry."
This hole in the wall Malaysian joint is a must try when in the Main st. neighborhood. Serving authentic Malaysian / Singaporean hawker dishes, this place is everything but frills - if you're a fan of  'wok hei' from traditional Asian cuisine (aka the rich flavors from stir frying), this is the place to go. I had the chance to try multiple items off their menu over several visits, items that I find myself reordering is the Spicy Prawn Noodle, the Fried Kuey Teow, the Mee Goreng and the Vegetable Fritter (!!!) - highly recommend the vegetable fritters!
"One of the best things I love about traveling is street food. Stepping into this place makes you feel like you're in one of those food stalls in Asia (minus the higher probability of diarrhea).

They didn't have satay available the day I went. I opted to try their veggie fritters as they were on the counter, boy were those tasty! 2 for only like $1 and change, packed with flavour.

I ordered up the Laksa and it was only $5 something! It was the best I've ever had. I'm pretty sure they put chicken meat in it along with shrimp, egg, and a kick of spiciness. Definitely made me sweat with the heat. I also got a veggie spring roll which was pretty decent with some kind of black sauce.

Props to the chef who you'll hear banging away non-stop on the wok, and the super friendly lady who takes your order.

Definitely a repeat-worthy place."
Ordered the Thai Style Chicken and Nasi Lame.  Pretty authentic Malay food.  Not too spicy which is great.  I love spicy food but not to the point that it singes everything to a point where you can no longer taste your food.  Amazing value and quality.  This merits another visit for sure.
"My review may be a bit biased since I order only one thing lol. But since coming back from Asia I've been turned off by laksa because it just isn't the same here. On my hunt for great laksa I have stumbled upon this little place inside Crystal Mall. I have to say, it is the BEST laksa I've had so far in Vancouver!! 

I believe they have two types of laksas and the one I'm talking about is the Singapore laksa. The laksa comes with tofu, fish balls, some other kinds of meat and two different types of noodles. It's really neat they do that. One is the thin rice noodle? Or vermicelli noodle? And the other is a thicker yellow noodle I have no idea what it is. As much as I like the double noodle combo in the beginning. As I've continued to eat this, I realized that I only want the thin noodle but I keep forgetting to ask them every. Single. Time. 

All in all, come here for their laksa. It's fantastic! And have some xiao long baos from that corner store diagonally across from them while you're at it."
It's really the only place I would crave in the whole food court, and what a wonderful full flavour. Try out various Southeast Asian dishes known from Malaysia and Singapore.
Decent food for a decent price.  Unlike some of the other vendors at this food court, the people here are pretty nice at and generous and the food is actually pretty good.  The other commenter ridiculed the place for their fried food, and we normally try to stay away from fried food...but e noodle soup and stir fried noodles were pretty good.
"Found this little spot by chance and was immediately drawn to it.  The kway teow was AMAZING and very authentic, the kind I'd get in Brunei.  The flavours were great, with some spice to it .

The Laksa was so delicious that my friend, who can't tolerate spicyness, was ALL OVER IT like a fly on poop. He paid for it later, but said it was totally worth it.

Every time I go to Vancouver, this is on my list.  While I sit in my house in Edmonton, I dream of the Laksa at Ipoh Bean Sprout Chicken."
"Not bad for a cheap eat at Crystal Mall. We ordered their Haininese Chicken with Rice for $8 and although there wasn't much chicken, there was A LOT of flavourful rice. The chicken was tender although not very strong in flavour and comes with a soup.

Overall, not the best but definitely not a bad choice."
"I had food from this stall a few times now. The first time I tried the Penang prawn noodles and I was not impressed as it lacked the oomph in the taste of the soup. The laksa gravy which I nicked from my friend was also on the weak side. 

I decided to order other dishes which seemed very popular with diners and they were definitely much better and similar to those you find in Malaysia/Singapore. Thus the 4-star rating.

The char kway teow had the wok hei flavor to it and was a close duplicate (soy sauce tasted a bit different but I could understand that since you could not really get the exact same brands here). Instead of cockles, they sub it with some shellfish or clam which gave the chewy texture. Unfortunately the clam/shellfish was very tasteless. 

The nasi lemak was pretty good, especially the crispy ikan bilis (anchovies) and fried chicken wing (very legit Malaysian/Singaporean home style) and the generous serving of sambal. Simply delicious in Vancouver's context. 

The hor fun (fried kway teow with creamy egg sauce) was the kind you get from the tze char place in Singapore. Wok hei and all. I saw many people ordered this and there is a reason for that. If you are a fan of the Singapore style hor fun at Kurumba in Port Moody, then you will like this better. At least I did. 

I will need to go back to try the Hainanese chicken rice and ipoh chicken rice and ipoh hor fun next. They also have Hakka Pan Mee which is exciting as I love the pan mee in KL, Malaysia. I hope it will be the same.  

Prices are fair as this is located in the food court. The chef and the lady taking order are from Ipoh. Go say hello to them if you are also from that part of the world."
I thought of getting their Ipoh bean sprout chicken but when asked about their most popular dish seafood laksa seems to be the one. So I got an order of that to try. For $8.50, you get a lot of noodles and average laksa broth with not so much seafood toppings. I like that they provide complimentary tea.
"Got the creamy egg hor fun after trying it at their sister restaurant in marpole and must say that although the portion of noodles was quite small, it was expertly stir fried and the creamy egg sauce went perfect. It was a little bit salty and oily but hey, it cost $10 and was from a food court! There were some pieces of shrimp, pork and greens in the sauce and made for a tasty combination.

Overall, quite a delicious dish from a ""chicken"" place!"
"Malaysian street food.  Beautiful.

Parking is available in the Crystal Mall lot.

As with all the other places in the food court, this place is really just a counter with a bunch of signs taped to the wall.  Staff took my order, and the food came maybe 10 minutes later.

The shredded pork laksa I had (can't remember the name) was tasty.  The shredded BBQ pork was a bit on the fatty side, requiring me to spit out chunks of fat.  The soup was quite good.  Noodles were half decent, though they tasted like they came from one of the Asian supermarket stalls nearby.  The garnish was a bunch of leaves and half a baby lime.

Wouldn't mind coming back here again for sure, to try their signature Ipoh bean sprout chicken"
"This place is located in the 2nd floor food court.

Seating was a little challenging as it was a little busy.

Food was quite OK for food court standards.
We had the chicken rice, nasi lemak and fried kwey teow as can be seen by my pics.

I have had better SG and Malaysian food elsewhere though..."
In a city where food court and food truck meals are now around $15, it's nice to have a food court like Crystal Mall where you can find some authentic hidden gems for around $7.  Mind  you I've tried some places in this food court that wasn't all that great. And not being able to speak/read any of the Asian languages, it can be an adventure picking a spot to try.  This time around I tried Ipoh.  Scanning through the pictures on the wall, I picked out the claypot short rice noodle soup with ground pork.  It also had a gooey egg on top and I'm a sucker for a gooey egg on top of anything.  What came out of the kitchen was a bubbling, sizzling clay pot with the egg freshly cracked on top and still cooking.  By the time I made the slow, careful walk to my table, the dish had cooled down to a slow simmer and the egg perfectly cooked and ready to be gooed all over the place.  The menu said this was a soup but it was more like a really thick stew. I bought an order of white rice on the side to eat it with.  It was delicious, flavorful, nice texture and everything you could want on a cold day.  I'm only giving this place a 4 star because I haven't tried anything else on the menu to be sure it's a 5 star.  Although at this point I'm not sure that I'd try anything else on the menu with how much I loved this clay pot dish.
"I've been here for twice already and the food was impressive in my opinion. Their Chicken and Laksa Combo ($9.50) was big and filling. Laksa didn't have much toppings, however noodles and soup were tasty. Chicken was rather lukewarm; however the portion and taste were great. I think the whole combo would be TOO big for one person. I didn't have to go all the way to Hawkers Delight for Laksa ,and Ipoh is definetely closer distance from my home.

I also tried Malaysian wings($5.99) earlier for dinner. Chicken wings were fresh and crispy. My only gripe was staff gave me few napkins after ordering wings. I mean you get all messy and greasy after eating and why giving so less? Anyways I totally recommend Ipoh for some Laksa and the rest of the food. Char Kway Teow looked quite yummy and I want to try it next time."
"We always get the flat rice noodle with shrimp and egg sauce.  Delicious! The pickled jalapeños that come with it are yummy. 

Too many things in the good court, when we'd go we buy things from at least 3/4 vendors, and this is the dish we get from here.  

I've tried the vermicelli laksa before and it's ok. Nothing I would crave again. 

Get these noodles !!!"
I ordered nasi lemak and it was presented exactly like the average nasi lemak u can find in Malaysia. I feel like the sambal is not spicy at all.. There's no kick to it but they probably dilute it to cater for the locals here. But, they have better sambal at the condiment section which is delicious. Overall, it's a decent nasi lemak. I gave it 4 stars because it's still better than most Malaysian restaurants I been in BC.
"I went to this place today to try out my first Malaysian meal after reading comments on Yelp. I got chicken and noodles laska soup ($9.75). I got my food about 5 minutes after placing the order. It came with 2 parts, 1 noodles bowl and 1 deep fried chicken portion. 
The noodles bowl have: Noodles, bean sprouts, green onion, and 2 pieces of deep fried tofu, so not many toppings: The noodles was quite nice, but later on I was full and It was kinda rich so I had to leave some unfinished. 
The chicken is seasoned with salt then deep fried. It was very nice. 
Overall, I could not finish the meal (I was hungry when I ordered). The dish was good. Will I ever come back again? Hardly. Because the price compared to the meal was a bit too filling since I didn't finish it.  (I am a student)"
"If you are looking for good Singaporean/Malaysian food, this is definitely a place to try! 

The taste is pretty authentic, portions are generous filled with ingredients (especially compared to a couple of other local Singaporean restaurants I've been to..) and price is affordable! 

The menu is filled with so many different options! My faves so far are:

*Ipoh Hor Fun: flat rice noodles served in a delicious eggy soupy base. Just from the picture, it's easy to see that it's filled with so many ingredients like prawn, fish cake, veggies and pork. If you like a little bit of spice, it also comes with cut green chilli which goes really well with this dish.

*Char Keoy Teow: definitely a signature Singapore dish done right! Yummy, and sprinkled with numerous prawns and Chinese sausages

I've also tried the Penang Prawn Mee today, which I also enjoyed! It comes with a mix of yellow noodle and vermicelli which is a combo I really like. The soup was decent, but a little bit on the oily side. It doesn't quite hit my list of faves, but is something I would consider ordering again :)"
"It's easy to pass by this Malaysian/Singaporean place as it doesn't look like much. That would be a mistake though if you enjoy this type of cuisine.  This is one of those places where you shouldn't judge the quality of the food by how a place looks.

If you're like me, trying to decide between the myriads of different eateries in the Crystal Mall food fair can be a challenge.  One time I decided to give Ipoh a try. That was all it took to make me a repeat customer.  So far I've tried their laksa, prawn mee (noodles in soup), kueh teow (fried flat rice noodles) in creamy egg sauce, nasi lemak, fried chicken wings, and roti and have never been disappointed.  Overall, the food is fresh, tasty and authentic."
"The Ipoh Chicken dish is great!
The chicken was tender, juicy and flavourful, without being overly seasoned. The flavours were very delicate, and went very well mixed together with the bean sprouts and cilantro. The rice was on the harder size, to ensure that it wouldn't get soggy from the sauce. The sauce on the bottom of the rice was a sweet soy sauce, that paired well mixed with the other components of the dish. The cucumbers on the side were a nice touch, and added a refreshing textural component to the meal. 
I was pleasantly surprised by the soup that the meal came with. It wasn't watered down, and tasted as if it had been brewed for hours. I couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but it tasted delicious!"
"This is one of my favourite places for laksa. I've had the laksa here many many times and I still love it. Full of flavour, perfect spice, and they always give a generous amount of toppings.

I've had both the Chicken laksa and the seafood laksa and they are both equally good. I like that they use both the yellow noodle and the vermicelli noodle. Most other places just have the one kind."
"NOTE: Cafe D'Lite is cash only! They take U.S. currency, but they don't take the conversion into account. 

Aberdeen Centre has got to have the most to die for Asian food court I've ever encountered in my entire life. Heard about how amazing the Haianese chinese on rice here was in Vancouver at Cafe D'Lite and had to make my way to try their other dishes! 

Came here for the Haianese chicken but was so tempted by how amazing the Singaporean chicken laksa and beef curry looked, so we ended up getting those. The Singaporean laksa made my taste buds dance!! It was SO, SO delicious, and it was extremely filling. I'm a huge fan of curry, so anything with curry and coconut milk, I'm ALL over. They used 2 different types of noodles for the laksa, one thicker and one that was similar to vermicelli. It added different textures to the dish and made it very unique and tasty. The chicken was well-cooked and tender, and the soup was a great consistency as well. 

If you're in Vancouver looking for Singaporean/Malaysian food or just a plethora of choices, definitely check out Aberdeen Centre's food court on the 3rd floor. MINDBLOWINGLY GOOD!"
"This place has the best Hainanese chicken in town! So reasonable with side of rice and soup!

Typical Asian service in food court, don't expect a smile."
"Ever since I moved into the hood, Hawkers' has become that dont-feel-like-cooking (who-are-we-kidding-I-can't-cook) alternative to greasy pizza/mac and cheese sort of laziness.

Sure it's a hole in the wall. Sure the menus are printed out on paper and taped up haphazardly. Sure sometimes I can't really decipher what kind of meat i'm eating... Call me crazy but I find the whole stack of broken crock pots in the hallway, dingy plastic cups and order, eat & get the hell out sort of atmosphere almost charming... 

Now I do admit, I haven't been too adventurous at this little greasy spoon. In fact, after snooping Ellen L's review of the fried goodness that is the Kuey Teow (which, god love me, I still can't pronounce properly) I haven't strayed much further. It's hot, spicy, plentiful and occasionally I recognize shrimp - and for a whopping $5.30 for a meal the size of my head, i'm not expecting fine dining. At that price, i'm looking for eat-in-my-pjs and hang out with a movie sort of lazy comfort food and Hawkers delivers.

I usually grab a veggie fritter or two to munch on the walk home. It comes with a fancy little to-go sauce but I haven't yet mastered the walk and dip so I can't clue you in to its merits.

Not a place to bring the folks but if you're looking for a fast dinner (and in my case, also a second day breakfast) - Hawkers is a decently-good/totally satisfying call.

As many a Yelper before has mentioned - it's cash only so hit the bank across the street before you venture in!"
"=== 1. VERDICT/VALUE
Some tastes of Singapore come to Main Street in Vancouver at a reasonable price - and that's a good thing!

=== 2. FOOD
If you've eaten Hainanese chicken at a ""hawka centa"" in Singapore, you'll know how naturally (or unnaturally?) addicting it can be - seemingly healthy (not fried) chicken that's boneless and tastes amazingly good on its own or with rice.  So it's with high expectations that we ventured to try out Hawkers Delight Deli...

Hainanese Chicken Rice ($10.99): a chicken leg on rice with cucumbers and a tomato slice.  HDD gets points for offering boneless chicken (some places in town do bone-in instead), a decent flavour for the chicken, and the tomato is a nice touch I suppose (not commonly offered).  But it loses points for coarse chopping (tomato is a thick slice, cucumbers are big chunks that are harder to eat vs. everyone else offering thin, easy-to-eat slices) and rice that's flavoured but hard - sitting in the rice cooker too long perhaps?  Only the sweet chili sauce is offered; the sweet soy sauce typically included is not offered by HDD.

The extra leg of Hainanese chicken can be ordered for $6.65 and it's identical, sans rice and some cucumber.

=== 3. SERVICE & ENVIRONMENT
During COVID, there is not a place to dine-in, though it looks like bar-style seating was available at one point in time.  Those with wheelchairs or baby strollers have plenty of space.  The dim, hole-in-the-wall feel allows you to order essentially at a window inside and head out to enjoy your bounty.  Service was fine for quick and efficient takeout, but they accept only cash.  Parking is a challenge with Main Street typically busy at the meters out front and only one spot in the back, so be prepared to walk some ways to get here!"
I've been meaning to try this place out for years with their large vegetarian selection, but they appear to have somewhat unstable hours. Having visited Singapore and fallen in love with the food there, I was excited to try Hawker food in Vancouver -- does it live up? Well, it's not really what I experienced in Singapore, but the food is delicious. Everything we ordered was super flavourful, pleasantly spicy, and balanced well. The Mee Goreng was probably the highlight for us, but it was all excellent. Everything was ready for pick-up in 15 minutes. Cash only, so be prepared. Highly recommended
Great food, great prices, and friendly staff. I've been here once before for dine in (pre-covid) and again for take out. Both times I was very satisfied with my meals. This time around, I ordered mee pok with the broad wheat noodles. It had a minced pork sauce that needed to be mixed with the noodles. As well, it had fish cakes, thin slices of pork, prawns, and some vegetables. It was quite tasty. I asked for it spicy and it came with some pickled jalapenos...making it a bit too spicy, but it was still good. I liked the thick noodles and the sauce was not too salty. Overall, it was a satisfying dish and very affordable.
"Hawkers have been my go to place for comfort food at fantastic prices. Been coming to their little gem for many, many years. Sometimes it's a miss but many times it's a hit. You come for the food and eat & go. The place it tiny. Glad they are open during this time for take out. 

Had Mee Goreng (choice of spicy or non-spicy): fried wheat noodles with egg, bean sprout, onion, tomatoes, tofu, diced potatoes and yu choy. 

Lamb Curry Rice: steamed rice with small chunks of lamb and vegetables curry. This is probably their signature dish and the one I order the most. A little but not screaming hot spicy.  

Both dishes were delicious and the portions were generous. After 2 servings each there was still leftover for tomorrow. Dinner total for two was $25 not including tax and tip."
Awesome and very inexpensive hole in the wall, but cash only.   This is during COVID so take out only but hey given the limitations this place is the bomb.  The Laksa flavors were out of this world.  Soto Ayam is a really good gem, it's like rice paste, hard to describe, like really thick rice noodles with choy sum, fish cake, flavoring.  Mee goreng is decent.  I love the tofu stuffed with peanut sauce and veggies.  The curry chicken is not bad too.  Would definitely go back. The only problem is they forgot a hainanese chicken but I called them and they said they would give me one free next time.
"Take out heaven @ Hawker's Delight. I think there are 17 options for you. Pictures left right and centre with variations with different types of noodles to choose from for certain dishes. If you haven't been here, even their relative small selection can drive you bonkers. 

Plates that get taken out starts to make your mouth water and you wonder if you should order that instead. I asked the lady in the front what was popular and she told me the Mee Goreng.. which I believe that it is a stir fry saucy noodle essentially.. another thing was the thick dry noodle bowl (COMBO 5a), which is similar to the dry noodles at Phnom Pehn.... I couldn't help it I was sold looking at the variety of items on the dish  - pork sauce, veggies, fish cake, bean sprouts etc etc.
I convinced my lady Cyndi to get the Laksa as she wanted curry.

I was sooooo happy with my selection.. this dish was soooo greasy, saucy, and savoury. With each bite, I was piling the meat sauce on top to make sure I get the most of everything. The thick noodles were awesome texture and the toppings seemed endless. Unfortunately, Cyndi didn't like her Laksa too much - she thought it was too spicy, although I thought it was very rich flavours. For a super hot day, I couldn't take the curry but i would still recommend it because I thought it was great.

I think each dish was $5.25.... You can easily share if you were not super hungry... but this was too good. I want my own portion to myself.. not matter how un-hungry I am!"
Uber Eats. I got chicken curry noodle. Portion is on the smaller side. Taste was ok. Roti was good. Typical size.
"I spent a summer in Singapore a few years ago, and my mouth still drools at the memory of the food I discovered at hawker centres across the city (country? I never know which word to use when). I've tried the Singaporean staples at restaurants in Seattle, and while the food has been pretty decent the price point has been proof that this is a westernised version of the food. 

Then I came here. Everything is under $10, spicy, flavourful, and just how it should be. The decor is minima and the place is always packed to the brim. Again, how it should be. The roti-prata is soft, flaky, and delicious. Both the mee goreng and laksa are pretty good too. My boyfriend (also very familiar with Singaporean food) was quite disappointed with the chicken curry because the curry powder used in it wasn't great. But stick with the rest of the menu and you'll have a blast."
This has got to easily be the best gem in town for Malaysian cuisine. small, petite store tucked away on Main and King Edward Ave. Prices are very reasonable. and portions are generous. Only issue is that when it gets busy. it is very difficult to get a table. During off hours though, lots of space to sit down and enjoy your meal. Recommended absolutely. Food comes quickly and is very delicious! Any local who is looking for Malay food has got to come and try this place. Any visitor to town has definitely got to try this place out for sure.
"This update is really just to add my collection of pictures from Ipoh Bean Sprout Chicken in Crystal Mall. Now I haven't been to Crystal Mall since pre-covid so I'm not 100% which stalls are still opened.. but I'm hoping this one still is, as it is one of my favourites.

As you can see from my pictures, I've had their Chicken Laksa numerous times (each picture is a separate visit). I love noodle lifting their laksa as they give a generous amount of noodles, and a mix of the yellow noodle and vermicelli noodle. I know a lot of different laksa spots that don't have that combination, and only one kind of noodle.

I absolutely love the broth. And as mentioned in my previous review, it's the perfect amount of flavour and spiciness. And there is a good portion of quality chicken. May be awhile before I go back to Crystal Mall, but certainly give them a try if you're there!"
"The Crystall Mall Food Court in Burnaby is full of food stands serving primarily Chinese cuisine. What I like about this food court is that you can find different regional Chinese fare here and the prices are very reasonable.

Ipoh Bean Sprout Chicken is the Malaysian food stand at the food court. After a filling breakfast at a HK cafe, I was looking for a lighter meal and thought Malaysian Chinese fare would be a good option. Meal prices at this stand were good. It seemed like many items were under $8. I decided to give the Ipoh fried hor fun ($7.25) a try.

Since this is a food court, you will need to find a open table which can be a challenge. It is best to bring someone with you when visiting the the food court here to stake a table while the other person orders and waits for the food.

After my meal was ready, I grabbed it and found a table. Upon opening the box, plenty of steam poured out telling me that the noodles were fresh off the wok. Hor fun is a rice noodle dish that is essentially like Chinese chow funn. I haven't had Ipoh fried hor fun before, but it seemed like the difference from the Chinese version is the use of shrimp.

The hor fun was good. I noticed the addition of pork in this dish. Not sure if this is traditional, but it is nice to have a second source of protein. The shrimp were not as fresh as in Malaysia, but fine given the low price point of the dish. As for the rice noodles, I thought they were my favorite thing in this dish. The noodles were fresh and the ""wok hee"" comes through.

There are so many good places at Crystal Mall Food Court that it can be difficult to choose. But if you are looking for a filling meal that is not too heavy, I would recommend the hor fun at this stand."
This place is a hidden jam. The Singaporean restaurant is small but very clean and tidy. Service was pretty friendly and efficient. But most importantly the food was so good! The HA fried rice was flavorful and the charred pork chop was so juicy. As for the Hainanese chicken rice, I think it's the rice that sets it apart from the competition. I recommend both dishes. Apparently their laksa is one of their signature dishes too but I'm not a laksa person. However my wife thinks their laksa is amongst the top 1-2 she's had in Vancouver.
"This restaurant used to be Queen's Cafe but is now taken over by the Singaporean restaurant chain Eighteen Chefs. However the name of the restaurant now seems to be Queen's Cafe by Eighteen Chefs. Anyways it is on the corner of Kingsway and Salisbury.

There is an interesting variety of dishes with interesting names such as Heart Attack Rice. I don't know if it is on soft opening as it has only opened very recently.

We had three items: Salty Egg Yolk Fries (!), Chicken Skewer with Truffle Udon (!) and Heart Attack Rice with Tenderloin (!). All three dishes were delicious and there are many other dishes I want to try.

I will say that there was quite a wait for the food (close to 45 minutes) but we talked to one of the staff who said they were still hiring staff. I hope that part improves."
"Pretty nice food and comfortable environment.
Even though my dessert came very late but still good food."
"Saw this on Yelp and wanted to try, the original Queen's Cafe is now by Eighteen Chefs, as Eighteen Chefs a Singaporean franchise, I think they may have some connection, anyhow, my curiosity brought me here!

The menu, as I agree with some fellow Yelpers, is pretty limited as it tries to cater to different tastes but at the same time do not offer too many choices if you are wanting to have a more Singapore flavoured dinner. I am hoping that they will expand their choices as time goes ( such as Char Kway Teow, Sambal Eggplant, Spicy Kangkong etc. )

On our first try, we decided to have one dish representing Singapore and one Hong Kong!

Singapore Laksa : 5/5 
The soup is perfectly spiced and very well balanced, you can taste the fried dried shrimp with chilli in the stock, the richness of coconut milk and other spices came together harmoniously, even thought it looks deadly spicy, in fact you can find yourself enjoying the soup to the last drop and not overpowered by the spice.

Baked Pork Chop in Tomato Sauce with Fried Rice : 4/5
The Chef here take special care in the preparation of the pork chop to make sure it has proper marination, you can taste a hint of garlic in the chop, the crust is still crispy when it came out piping hot from the oven, one thing in my own opinion, the tomato sauce can be a bit more tangy to give the dish a kick!  Otherwise, this is as good as it gets, even from a Hong Kong standard!

Service is very friendly and efficient, with partial re-opening, the spacings of the tables are still very wide apart, utensils are presented to you in individual baskets for extra hygienic concerns.  Our server Jacky, is super nice in making sure our meals are alright and also showed us their Special lunch menu, each selection comes with a soup and a drink.

For sure, I will be back to try out other dishes, humm, maybe Curry Beef next time?"
"Quite good.  There's few good options for singaporean food in this area, so this is a welcome addition.  Lots of spacing between tables as per covid guidelines.  Understaffed and so a lot of running around by the available staff.  This might be a family-run business, even though I understand that Eighteen Chefs is a franchise. 

They aim to put some theatrical drama in the food, with the hanging metal BBQ grill and striploin on a cutting board presentation.  

Prices are reasonable for the quantity and quality.  The interesting comparison is between Shiok and here, where Shiok tends to have lower prices but much smaller portion sizes.  

Small quibbles:

We were a bit surprised that the Hainan Chicken rice had bones in it.  Basically, it's a chopped chicken leg.  Usually, Hainan chicken rice in singapore style is boneless.  

Laksa was decent, but it didn't have two types of noodles, but only the thicker rice noodle.

The curry and roti was excellent.  Must order more roti next time.

The advertised combo (laksa + kaya toast) on the poster and A-board is only available 3-5pm."
"This restaurant offers fusion Singaporean food. The menu was a bit deceiving for starters. The nasi lemak only included one protein (chicken, fish or pork), but the photo shows two items. I would have expected two protein choices until the server clarified that it was only one choice. 

We tried a number of items. The laksa had an aromatic spicy curry broth. Mild spicy was actually Asian level spicy. There was a good variety of toppings. I prefer the wheat and vermicelli noodle mix, but this version only had vermicelli noodles. The salted egg yolk fries were a tad too salty. It was good that the dip was on the side. The fries were over seasoned to pair with the egg yolk dip. If the chef lightened the salt on the fries, it would be better balanced. Egg yolk dip was good and tasted as expected for those familiar with the flavour. The HA fried rice with striploin and spring chicken was good. The beef was a bit over cooked for medium. It arrived well done and I can overlook this because this is not a steak house. The chicken was moist. The fried rice tasted like soy sauce rice.

Service was very good. Our water glasses were never empty. There is free parking behind the restaurant or metered street parking. Credit card payment accepted which is always great."
"Came here after they renovated.   Apparently it is new ownership but has same name.  It is now a Singaporean style food, before it was Cantonese style. 

I ordered the skewer beef with truffle rice.  It was really good.  The beef was tender and lots of flavor.  They hang the skewer up so that its drippings fall onto the dish below.  The truffle rice was good as the truffle oil gives it a nice hint of flavor to the fried rice.  I would order it again.   My girlfriend ordered the curry chicken with roti.  The curry was spicy and rich.  We were about to order more roti to go with the curry or even thought of getting a bowl of rice as there was ample amount of curry sauce.

We will come again and try other dishes."
Super friendly and amazing service at a pretty convenient area. Walkable to street parking, bus stops, and Edmonds skytrain station. Clean restaurant and restrooms. Simple design and decorations but spacious. A few different options for food and drinks but no alcohol beverages at the moment. Although, they are getting their alcohol license soon. Food is delicious and the portion is just right. Reasonable prices and you can either take out or eat in. Walk ins are welcome but reservation is allowed too. Have to call a day before to preorder the crabs since they go to the market the morning before that so they are fresh. Good quality and amazing time each visits. Highly recommend!!
Very clean restaurant which makes me feel safe to venture out during Covid. Delivery also available but glad I got a chance to dine in! Being from Singapore, I felt their roti prata texture was on point and neatly cut into shareable pieces. Curry was super tasty though on the sweeter side to appeal to fusion palette. Would also highly recommend their chicken skewer and truffle rice - delicious with great umami flavour! It is on the saltier side so you can request it with less salt if u prefer. We loved the mee siam - just add them to add more lime so it has more of that tanginess! We also had the luxury of ordering the salted egg yolk pasta with huge generous serving of prawns and fish roe! Such a huge portion we couldn't finish (but we were distracted gulping down the roti prata sauce). The salted egg yolk flavours as that's super hard to find in Vancouver and this one is so reasonably priced. Laksa portions and noodles were so huge we could barely finish - included hefty portion of noodles and authentic fried tofu though felt the soup base needed more coconut, spice and dry shrimp. I haven't tried their hainanese chicken yet but can recommend all the above heartily. Excellent homely and respectful service and widely distanced environment to safely catch up with friends after months apart!. Would highly recommend you give this family local business a try as prices are reasonable for service, unique flavours and portions!
"Singapore Malaysian cuisine. My mouth is still on fire.

Very delicious meals.

Mee Siam: sweet spicy sauce was rich and very good; noodle dish (vermicelli) with chicken and prawns. One of their signature dishes.

Spicy curry spaghetti: spicy and filling. Comes with chicken and prawns.

Hainanese Chicken: rice was very tasty.  Delicious soup as a side.

Curry chicken with roti: large chicken pieces with tomato and potato. Roti was ok. I would prefer roti from banana leaf. Another popular one.


Overall: flavorful, and good customer service. I would definitely come back again.  4 star because take out boxes were styrofoam . Bring your own takeout boxes as you'll probably need it."
"The corner of Kingsway and Salisbury in Burnaby seems like the perpetual Bermuda Triangle for restaurants... it never seems like any restaurant can make a go of it in this location.

Previously Queen's Cafe, and after many lengthy delays, the latest restaurant to grace this property opened up calling themselves Queen's Cafe by Eighteen Chefs (Eighteen Chefs being a popular Signaporean chain). I visited in early December when I tried their Hainanese Chicken Rice ($16.80) which comes with bone-in chicken, soup, and rice. While the soup was quite bland, the rice was moist and flavourful (although a bit too salty due to the soy sauce). I also found there wasn't much meat as it was mainly bones.

On my next visit, I decided to try their Chicken Skewer with Truffle Udon Noodles ($11.80). They told me it takes about 15 minutes to prepare because it's all made fresh. To be honest, this was surprising good... although it was a bit difficult to eat given the way it was presented. The chicken had a good char on it but the meat was still tender. Meanwhile, the noodles were tender and toothsome with a good chew. The only bad thing I have to say about this dish is that it was a bit too oily and, again, too salty.

By my third visit, I began to notice that the service seems a bit awkward... that's not to say that the server wasn't friendly... it's just that her whole demeanor and presence was just a bit off. Anyhoo, I ordered the Mee Siam ($12.80) and found it to be quite spicy. The bowl of rice vermicelli comes with tofu puffs, 2 shrimp, and an egg. Seriously... this dish is not for the faint of heart as you'll feel the heat from the full-bodied soup.

The last dish that I tried here was the HA Fried Rice with Spring Chicken ($15.80) which comes with garlic chili sauce - I think ""HA"" is supposed to stand for ""Heart Attack"". The chicken had nice crispy skin, which I think was the best part. Oddly enough, I found the fried rice (which seemed more like sticky rice) was kind of weak and plain.

Overall, I found the menu to be fairly limited but some items (such as the chicken skewer with truffle udon noodles) were pretty good. Still, prices seem a little bit high for the quality."
"I can't answer if this is authentic Singaporean or if it's famous chain by Eighteen Chefs, but their business card does mention Eighteen Chefs corporation. Anyways, this was my first visit after a new ownership and the decor has definitely changed into a better appearance.

I love both Singaporean food and HK Cafe food so dining at Queen's Cafe was a great decision, and also gave me some difficulty choosing what to eat. We ordered Laksa ($12.80) and Beef Bolognese Rice ($14.80) it came out fresh in hearty portion. 

If you can handle any spicy food (Thai or any Korean food) Laksa is good and it was spicy. Fish sauce smelled too strong when my Laksa came out. My nose felt runny and I was sweat non stop when the heat kicked in. Loved the sweet coconut milk along with curry, lemongrass and other spices. I sipped so much soup off the bowl. Noodles were damn good. Probably same type of noodle when I order BunBoHue in Viet restaurants.

Beef Bolognese Rice was quite yummy too. It was beefy cheesy making my mouth water. Tasty even with rice instead of Pasta. Social distancing rules are followed and staff was wearing mask.

You won't regret as QC is quite impressive. 50 cents charge is applied for a take out orders I believe. Weekday lunch specials and combo meal deals sounded decent. Their Laksa might be TOO spicy for some folks. QC, you deserve 5 stars from me."
"This location has changed restaurants several time and the latest is worth a try. It's clean, spacious and bright.

Came with a couple of friends and wanted to everything but not advisable. Singaporean food to me is too good to only have one dish to yourself so I made sure I tried what my friends ordered as well. 

In order the laksa with seafood and it's really tough to beat Laksa King, however this one was very close. The soup..first taste was rich and super intense flavour (yeah a bit dramatic, but true), was so good. Noodles are not the normal style egg noodles, but spaghetti type rice noodles, was good as well, not overcooked. This also had a whole egg, bean sprouts, tofu puffs, shrimp and more..can't remember as I think I just ingested it so quickly.

Curry chicken with roti. The curry was also rich and flavour intense, the chicken was cooked nicely and I couldn't stop spooning it up like soup. It was very good. The roti was nicely fried, but the dish was missing rice so we order a side of rice and it made that dish complete. 

Baked unagi on rice. Probably the least favorite of the three. I'm not a big unagi fan to start with, the flavor was good but the rice was hard.

Salted yolk fries: fries were deep fried nicely..reminded me of frozen McCains..nothing wrong with that..but when dipped into the salted yolk...that added something I've never tasted before, very different and it is an acquired taste..I would order it again. 

The service was good, it wasn't too busy so great for us. Price is reasonable and great for a family dinner. 

I am naturally nosy and look around at other people's food...everything looked just as good and will be back to try more"
Wanted to try Malaysian from a long time. When we saw this place in Vancouver, we decided to give it a try. Good place with good enough food. Roti kanai, eggplant fries, Assam curry was good and more like a Thai affair.
"Excellent food and service.  The roti canai was amazing!  Also really loved the iced Malay tea with condensed milk-- wow.

I'm coming back!"
"We came back here a few nights later to get only dessert - I was really craving sticky rice with mango.  Their sticky rice is not like what is served in the US.  it was pretty thick and SUPER sticky and chewy.  I enjoyed it, even though it was different from the usual!  

We also ordered the fried banana sundae AND the durian with black rice tapioca (yes, we're fatties).  The durian flavor was not AS pungent as usual, I think bc it came out frozen.  Although next time I think I would pass on the black rice tapioca... it was a little too soupy and the texture of the rice not that appealing to me.  We still ate a majority of it though ;)"
"omg the Asian salad is SO yummy!

I think I just fell in love with this place."
Great food!  I had the Rendang Beef Curry and it was good.  My husband had the Jumbo Scallops in Assam Curry Sauce.  He ordered his extra spicy and he LOVED his meal, one of his favorites in Vancouver.  The drinks were kinda weak and the service was alright.
"Came in here on a whim for lunch a little while back.  Had only a small sample of the menu.

Char kway teow  
Roti

Both quite tasty.  No complaints.  Service was very friendly from a Persian guy who grew up in Malaysia and speaks Malay.  Go figure!"
The service was a bit slow, staff forgetful but very friendly. The food was yummy and we enjoyed people watching in the window seat. The prices were reasonable I suppose but seemed a little high for the overall quality of the food presentation and experience. I'm sure I'll go back from time-to-time.
Its been an year almost but better late than never. Remember getting pleasantly surprised to see this outlet in a busy street as we were wandering on an afternoon during a short Vancouver vacation. Got lucky to park the car right infront of the restaurant. If not I believe it would be quite an ordeal to find parking in that busy street. Interior of this place was slightly dark but done well. Started off typically with the Roti Canai and then the Malaysian chicken for main course. Both were good. Though slightly pricey, it was a standard Banana Leaf experience with tasty food.
We had a marvelous Malaysian meal here. I had 10 veggies/ 10 spices - very tasty & not too spicy. Moderate prices too. Good service.
"I took fried rice with beef and well, it was OK. Nothing to jump up and down for really..  In my opinion you can make fried rice much more interesting!! And the fact that they only had a few dishes on the menu, you expect them to be very good. It was also very expensive...

The staff were nice and I received my meal very quick, that they should have credit for. Not sure if I would go back."
"I enjoyed reasonable and tasty lunch.
I paid under $10. But I got satisfied.

I went there by myself.
The atmosphere was comfortable.
I want to try another menu next time when I go to Vancouver!"
"Got the malasyan laksa this time. Wow. so many flavours. Delicate balance of spices. Could use a few more pieces of chicken, but overall really good. 

The appetizer came after the entree (??) but they send me a lot of roti's bread and sauce. Like!!

And the fresh coconut is pricey ($5) but wow... so refreshing after a long bike ride"
"The food was so tasty! We were seated very quickly, and almost immediately given glasses of water! Wait staff was very attentive and food was delivered very timely. I had enough to bring home for leftover! 
I had heard from friends it was pricey here, but I disagree. All the meals I would see myself ordering were around $13-17 which is average for me!"
Really nice food here. This is our first time came here. Good quality and tasty. I ordered the curry chicken, they served with rice. Nice experience here.
Great Malay food.  We ordered the Ribs, Green Beans, Laksa, Roti, Pineapple seafood fried rice, Char Ho Pen (?) and the Fried Banana for dessert.  Some of these dishes were flavors that I had never tasted before.  Complex flavors and well seasoned.  The Sambal paste was an excellent addition to each dish.  We visited the location on Davie street which was less crowded than the one on Robson.  I'm coming back here for sure!
"I cannot imagine how anyone could not give this place a five star rating, at least based on the food. I found it by chance when I was visiting BC, and I just liked the name. Upon further investigation, I found the menu made me salivate, and once I went inside and tasted their food, I was a goner. It is now the first restaurant I visit when traveling to Vancouver.
I have never been disappointed with anything on the menu. This last visit, my friend had the Rendang Beef Curry, and I had the Halibut, which is not currently on their online menu. My friend said she woke up the next morning fantasizing about the taste of the beef curry in her mouth, tender and savory. Me, I was happy with my halibut, but forced to eat anything on their menu, I would be in heaven.
Apparently there are other locations, and I have only tried this one, but it is a keeper!"
"Been walking up and down Davie Street past this place since moving to the vicinity last Autumn; tonight I stopped to peruse the menu they've posted in the front window and quickly decided to give it a go. I'm glad I did, this place serves terrific food. I started with a mango slush drink made with good quality ripe mango puree and juice and wasn't overly sugary. It came with what at first I thought was a maraschino cherry, but was in fact a cranberry--somebody put some thought into that detail; the tart cranberry was a much better accent to the sweet mango than a cherry would've been. Next I had a satay chicken and pork appetiser. The meats were perfectly cooked and remarkably tender, the cucumber cubes were cool and fresh, and the satay sauce was a nice balance of sweet, piquant, and peanutty. 

The Saturday special prawn dish was tempting, but I went for the lamb shank. I do not order lamb shank carelessly; it was my (late) father's favourite, and so eating lamb shank makes me think of him, and so an indifferently or thoughtlessly prepared one (or just a plain bad one) would be an especially unpleasant experience. This one was fantastic--the meat had been braised in a complex and yummy mix prominently featuring star anise, which complemented and augmented the lamb's flavour. It was lean and fall-off-the-bone tender. Really nicely done! Accompaniments were perfectly-cooked, perfectly-textured rice, just slightly sticky as it should be, and a dark green leafy vegetable, cooked correctly (not overdone), which was probably a relative of spinach. 

I hadn't any room for dessert; the mango slush served that role admirably. 

This is not inexpensive food; it's priced beyond everyday drop-in levels, but for the quality and quantity, the prices are well within the reasonsphere especially for this part of town which tends to be pricy. I have seen and had the displeasure (at other restaurants) of paying much more money for much less enjoyable food. Service at Banana Leaf is friendly, attentive, prompt, and unobtrusive. When I entered the restaurant, it was lit only by table candles. A sign (and the greeter, who was also my waiter) explained that in observance of Earth Hour, the electric lights and the stereo had been switched off. That was fine, and the atmosphere was quite enjoyable. Everyone was having conversation without having to raise voices above the stereo. Not long after I arrove, I guess Earth Hour was over; the lights and stereo were gradually raised. Too much, the latter; the music was loud enough to make it difficult for me to focus on my delicious food. I asked my waiter about it and he promptly and courteously turned it down to a more reasonable background level. So overall no complaint there.

I will definitely be back!"
"Looking for an interesting restaurant on. Davis.Decided on Banana Leaf.
Had cocktails and shared Kung  Paol chicken and Lamb shank. Both were excellent.
Service was excellent also
Look forward to returning"
"This store is decent size and servers were really nice and friendly!
However, parking was really hard to find..but it is downtown vancouver so i guess that's to be expected.
Food was really yummy!
But my water smelled like chlorine and bleach..so I had to order a drink.
Other than the water, service and food were"
"I got to the restaurant late so I felt a little pressured to get the hell out. The servers were still very polite. Unfortunately I went there specifically for mango-sticky rice which they ran out of. 

I had the mango-papaya salad which was very sweet, almost too sweet. The fish in banana leaf was tasty but the pineapple fried rice was quite bland with very little seafood. 

So I gave them a star for service, a star for ambiance and a star for the fish. I couldn't in all honesty give it 4-stars because I've had better and it's quite expensive. For an appetizer, a rice and a meat dish it was $50 before tip. Pricey!"
Great place.  The flavors were fantastic. A great combo of Indian flavors and Asian flavors.  Thinking of coming back for dinner as well.
We love this place! Excellent food, good service,  and nice spot. The lamb shank, pork ribs and ginger black cod are winners! Cork for $20, fine wine across the street. The naan really good. But the staff and atmosphere are excellent!  We come from Hawaii,  and have to chose where to eat wisely. Not disappointed again! We'll be back.
Not worth all the fanfare. Decent food. Average service. It wasn't even that busy but seemed like they forgot about our table. Not sure if I would return.
We did the tasting menu. 9 plates. Very large portion sizes. Challenge to eat with just 3 people - still had leftovers. Dessert (deep fried banana with ice cream) was delicious.
This place is astounding.   Food is delicious.  Portions are HUGE.   It's a family style menu.    They adjust the food to your spice tolerance.    Some of best south East Asian food I have eaten.
"I am from Indonesia and I visited malaysia numerous times. So, I knew the food in and out. The food here were hit and miss. Some were really good but some were pretty blah. But since I really really love some of their menu, I am willing to give it 4 stars.

The service
It was a pretty small restaurant. We came here several times and everytime we got different servers. The first two times we got a pretty nice one. The third time we got a pretty rude caucasian girl. But the Asian server and some caucasians were pretty nice in our previous visit. Once you sit, they will take your menu and will recommend food for you. Pretty good

The food
We ordered so many foods that we were so full. I am going to let you know which one worth to try and which one is not:
- Gado-Gado: It was actually from Indonesia and It was not that bad. Kind of like it. 
- Mango Salad: taste plain. Nothing. do not waste your money on this one
- Roti Canai with Rendang Sauce: roti canai was pretty good. the rendang sauce was a bit too watery. It could be thicker. Worth to try if you never before
- Martabak filled with beef rendang and eggplant on the side: the martabak was pretty flavorful but the eggplant was not on the right taste. I would said if you really love martabak and beef, you should give it a try
- Chicken Satay: nothing to rave about, save your money and eat satay at some other restaurants that are better at it
- Malaysian Fried Rice: I would say it's a no no. The color of the food was tempting but the taste were pretty plain. Not impressed at all
- Nasi Lemak (coconut rice): beef rendang and chili came with it were great. The squid were pretty spicy as well. BUT !! the star of this food which is the coconut rice - failed so hard ! It was not good. I have tasted wayyyyyy too many great coconut rice.
- Hainanese chicken rice: YOU HAVE TO ORDER THIS ONE. the chicken were sooooooooooooooooo tender and sooo flavorful. The sauce accompanied the chicken were top notch. The rice smells so good and comes in perfection. Definitely give it a try
- Vegetable in curry broth: Forget about this one. NO curry taste. It's like vegetable in coconut sauce. They could go bold on the curry but they did not
- Singapore Laksa noodle: This one should be removed from the menu as it does not reflect singapore laksa at all. It;'s a big no no and dont try it
- black bean with durian paste: the blackbean was not sweet enough, the coconut sauce was not thick enough and the durian paste was not taste as strong as durian. Failed !!!!
- Mie Goreng Malaysian Style: this one was surprisingly not bad. pretty tasty and like it. You can give it a try
- Mango with sticky rice: arguably the worst mango with sticky rice that i have tried in my entire life. The sticky rice were so miserable. it's like a baseball and taste not good at all
- Kue dadar: my favorite indonesian dessert but they did a pretty bad job here. Not like it at all
- fried banana with vanilla ice cream: this one was pretty decent. the banana was sweet and the crispy part was not bad. Vanilla ice cream or course you cant go wrong with it

The atmosphere
It is good for lunch or dinner. If come with big group, reservation is a must since their restaurant was pretty small. But the decoration inside make you feel like you are in a small asian country having lunch or dinner. Good place to hang out and just chit chat with friend over lunch or dinner

The location
driving will get you into headache since parking will be extremely difficult. but the restaurant is not difficult to find at all !!!

Will I come back? 
YES ! just for the hainanese chicken rice ! Just that... and you can try other menu, but one thing that you should not try is the DESSERTS !!! you will just waste your money. In fact, i should write letter to the owner and ask them to remove the dessert menu since it's a big no no"
Before coming to Vancouver, we'd heard about all the great restaurants. Of all the restaurants we tried, we only went to one twice - Banana Leaf. At this location, we ordered the tofu appetizer. It tasted wonderful, the right combination of crispy shell and creamy soft middle. The stuffing was delicious as well. We both ordered a different seafood dish, Seafood Char Kuey Teow, and a shrimp and vegetable dish which I don't recognize on the menu now. Both were delicious. Oh, and all the cocktails are doubles - Mai Tais especially good. When we wanted a special dinner later in the week, there was no doubt where we would go. See the review for that visit under the Denman St. Location.
"Affordable and absolutely delicious. The very best of the southeast Asian options in the west end - that I am aware of, anyway.

I'm a little weirded out by the bizarre pictures on the menu of actors playing delighted customers - this seems tacky for an otherwise nice place. But the food more than makes up for it. I'd recommend in particular the roti, the spring rolls and the curries. Very nicely done."
"Great service, delicious food, great location (though it might be a little hard to find parking, but it IS downtown, so what do you expect? :P) I typically order the Roti Canai, a Green curry dish, and their Pineapple Fried Rice!  oooo and their coconut milk infused rice is delicious!!! YUM!

I have had to wait in line before during their busy times but I have also gotten in right away, so i guess it depends when you head in for dinner!"
The best value brunch menu in town. Authentic - just like in Malaysia. The dish has different samplers so you can try a little of everything - all for $12.
"When you finally get to go to a place that you have heard a lot about , your feelings are boiling with different emotions. In my case , its food emotions (i invented this term) 
I wanted to try everything  on the menu so wished we were in a group so that we could try different options . Since me n my friend were only 2 people still we ordered 3 dishes. Roti canai ( as i had heard that its their signature dish) chicken ,shrimp n skid rice noodles with some of top ramen( blast of flavours)  and chicken skewers
Roti canai : yummy . Roti is little sweet but the canai gives it different flavour. Basically its maize flour
Rice noodles : yummy again . very mild in taste but there is grounded red chilli sauce along , that you can add as per your taste . 
Chicken skewers : they come on 4 skewers n i must say that they were much much better then couple other places esp better then greek places. Chicken was thinly cut so finely done on a grill. Its served with a peanut butter mix sauce which doesnot compliment so i never had that ( even though i am a bid fan of peanut butter) 
Washrooms are clean but tiny. Ladies no tall mirror. Owners n servers are not that extra ordinary but not bad. Lovely music n ambience."
We always go here for dinner and late night food. This time around we were getting really bad service and the server forgot our drinks and never came by to check on us. My friend's food came 30 mins after ours which meant we were finished by the time he started his. Overall the food tasted the same I felt that what I usually order had been reduced in size. 3 stars just for the food.
"Took SkyTrain to Yaletown station, then walked to the restaurant.

It has an attractive decor & includes a full service bar.  It has been a few years since I dined at their W. Broadway location so my memory of it may have faded a bit.  However, this location seems slightly more upscale.

The menu reflects the Chinese, Indian, & Malay influences on Malaysian cuisine 

We ordered...Fish Panggang in a Banana Leaf, Roti, Sambal Chili Okra & Mixed Vegetables, & rice.  Rice is extra.  The main dishes had fresh ingredients & plenty of spice.

I liked all the food although the fish seemed to have just a bit too much white pepper, & the Sambal a bit too much salt.  The portions were so generous we did not finish & took the leftovers home.  When we re-heated them at home we diluted the dishes with more veggies.  Even more delicious!

Our 2 women waitresses were attractive, friendly, & competent."
"Was here for lunch today. I usually try to make my way here about every two to four weeks when I'm craving South East Asian food that does not begin in Viet or Thai. This location has been here a few years, replacing Kam's Place, a Singaporean restaurant.

Anyway today I had the Pineapple Fried Rice Combo which consisted of Asian salad, pineapple seafood fried rice, satay chicken, and a spring roll for $12.99. Imho it's a great choice when you don't really know what to order. You get a little bit of everything! The highlight was definitely the fried rice. The pineapples and scallops really make your taste buds dance! The last time I ordered the fried rice on its own, it actually came in a pineapple! Easy 4 stars. I'll be back in the near future for sure."
Food was pretty decent. Prices seem generally in line with other Malaysian restaurants. Large groups of 6 or more are charged automatic 15% tip but beware since this is a manual calculation on the bill after it's printed. If they insist on an automatic tip of 15% it's expected that they do the calculation correctly & apply it on the pretax amount. What actually happened was the tip got charged on the food AND the tax. When told a mistake was made on the calculation the waitress brings it to the duty manager who explained it's their policy to calculate the 15% tip in that manner & claimed that no customers in the past have complained about it or brought this to their attn before at any of their locations altho he is not the one who made the policy. After a discussion that went almost 10 min the manager finally agreed to calculate it correctly. I had to be adamant that any restaurant charging a mandatory tip on tax was wrong. It's one thing to be overcharged but having to really press the point their practice was wrong & insisting the math be done correctly ruined a nice dining experience or else this review would have been 4 stars.
"I really like Banana Leaf and their menu. It is full of Malay spices and the culinary influences are out of this world. 

The Roti Canai and the curry boneless chicken are my favourites here. 
The pineapple/seafood fried rice are a nice addition. Make sure you get the vegetable spring rolls. Amazing.

The service here is pretty good. It's not the best in the city, they are moderately attentive.....I can deal with it.

I am really excited that Banana Leaf has opened on Davie. The street is all the better because of it! RIP Kam's on Davie.....we miss you......will frequent your new place on the other side of the bridge."
They have good food. Service is alright. Sometimes it is very good. Most of the time, it is average. I wish they had more lunch specials that just the two big lunch and specials they have.
"I was here recently for dinner.

Food 3.5/5: The two of us split the Malaysia Curry Laksa ($13) and some mixed vegetables ($13) with a side of brown rice ($2.75).  Everything was delicious!

Value 4/5: Generous portions -- we had to pack up a few leftovers.

Ambiance 3/5: Clean, quite busy on a weeknight.  

Service 3/5: Friendly, prompt service.  (I did find it rather bizarre that there were no Asian floor staff though!)

Overall 3.5/5"
"Short Version: Great food with a strong cultural presence, reasonably good service. Highly recommended, especially if you aren't experienced with Malaysian cuisine.

Long Version: This was one of those places we stopped in while wandering the streets, just because it looked well put together. My wife and I ordered rendang beef and I believe some sort of grilled oyster. The beef was served in the most incredible coconut sauce, and was so flavorful and tender that we were able to savor each piece long enough to definitely get our money's worth.

Service was reasonable, but a bit slower than I would have liked. We ordered some specialty drinks (they were fine, but I don't think any of the beverages are worth getting excited about), and didn't get water. It took a very long time to get that water after we asked for it. After eating we had to wonder if we still had a server, as no one volunteered to bring a check. The food more than made up for it, and I still highly recommend this place- just realize that it isn't somewhere to stop in if you're in a hurry.

As a said note, after getting back home I tried my hand at making my own rendang beef, which will need quite a bit of practice on my part. But I always have a special place for restaurants that can inspire me to try figuring out a new flavor in the kitchen. I hope we have the opportunity to try the other items on their menu someday."
This place was amazing... seriously the best tofu we have ever eaten... and we eat a lot of tofu. The Assam tofu curry is amazing. Also, highly recommend the deep fried oysters with mango salad was great. Good service too.
Walked pass this place on our (me and my BF) way to breakfast before going up Grouse Mountain, looked at the menu, and decided that this place will be the place we go for my last dinner experience in Vancouver. I must say that we were not disappointed at all. The ambiance and decor was great! We got sat right away but a few minutes later, the place started to fill up. Our food came quickly and the service was good. We ordered Pineapple Fried Rice, Braised Lamb Shank, and Roti Canai. It was delicious! If you are in the area, it is worth giving this place a try.
"I love their chicken curry.
It was yummy because they add big chunks of veggies.
Also the service was great!

I love their Mojito!!"
Busy place but great food. The mango chili prawns were amazing! Don't forget to order rice as a side, as it does not come with the meal automatically.
One of my favourite banana leaf joints in Vancouver. Here, specifically at Davie street. Food is fantastic. I've been meaning to imitate their eggplant fries. Quite fond of those and other things!!!
nice atmosphere with wide selection of exotic dishes. very good service and cozy corners. we really enjoyed our meal here...
This place is really quite amazing as I've never expected to find such good Singaporean/Malaysian food in Vancouver. Had the Hokkien mee which tasted exactly how I like it back in Singapore, maybe even better. Prices are a little expensive but definitely worth it to satisfy my cravings. Try this place at least once when you're in Vancouver!
I went there for my birthday lunch and had the best lettuce wrap ever made with fresh green lettuce and the best chicken filling I've ever had. As well, the coconut drink made and served out of a fresh coconut with a straw and spoon was another bonus. They also treated me with deep-fried banana and ice-cream with a candle to help celebrate, which was unexpected and absolutely delicious. If you want great service and food in an intimate setting in the West End, this is a great option. The food is fantastic!!
Had lunch at Banana Leaf today.  The food, service and atmosphere were all extraordinary.  No problem with our party of 6 - everyone served at the same time.  Reasonable price for the high quality experience.  Highly recommended.
This place was good! It was pretty busy for a Wednesday night but we didn't have to wait. We had the Singapore laksa, eggplant fries and the chili chicken dish. All of them were delish. The eggplant fries were amazing. Our favorite Malaysian place is still in north Van but this is a good alternative. I LOVE LAKSA
Great staff and good service, except for large takeout orders. The boneless sole fillet is currently my new favourite: onions, green onions, sweet and salty sauce, healthy chunks of fish... Just $12 and it also comes with rice and salad. Everything else on the menu is also really tasty.
This place has a nice zen ambience. The menu had a nice selection of Malaysian food. We ordered chicken satay, roti canai, nasi goreng and panggang fish (fish wrapped in banana leaf). The food itself was good but I have had better. The staff is friendly and helpful. All in all it is a nice place to go if you are in the area.
"I really wanted to like this place. As a Malaysian food lover, this would've been a great place to catch up with friends over a long extended meal. 

Sadly, a whole bunch of us Malaysians agreed that this place is mediocre at its best. The food lacked depth in terms of authentic flavours and spices. We ordered about 8 dishes and unfortunately none was memorable plus the portion sizes are definitely not the Asian 'large' standard."
So amazing!!! The eggplant fries were so delicious, we ate it in seconds! The canai roti was also delicious! The Ellie tofu curry was also delicious.
"Banana Leaf on Davie (馬來餐廳的午市特價餐) 
個人推介：午市特價餐供應時間11:30am-3pm

Banana Leaf蕉葉屋在溫哥華的馬來西亞餐廳裡算得上是首屈一指，現今已開有5家分店，到過溫哥華旅遊的馬來華僑，都很難相信溫哥華有如此地道的馬來菜館。向來少做宣傳的店家，生意來源大部分都是靠食客的口碑。其實很多備受大家喜愛的馬來菜色都是源自印尼、泰國、印度、中國和葡萄牙等美食演變而成的fusion菜，例如美味的南洋乾咖哩牛肉(Rendang Beef)是源自印尼的，各種咖喱食物是改良自印度，著名的娘惹菜不就是混合了中國菜的原素嗎？但這亦是馬來菜色吸引大眾味蕾之處！

走進餐廳大門後首先會見到餐廳多年來所獲的飲食獎項，獎牌的數量可不少啊！餐廳採用鮮艷的顏色對比和牆飾，加上陳列著不少各式各樣的民族木雕擺設，充滿著濃厚的東南亞風情，餐廳在裝潢和設計上也算是挖空了心思，好讓顧客能在繁忙的市區中心帶來一點熱帶情調。特別一提是這家位於溫哥華市中心Davie街的分店口碑跟生意都非常好，建議想到這裡去品嚐南洋美食的朋友要提前訂位喔！

Sayur Lemak + Spring Roll Lunch Special $7.99 (3/5分)
椰漿菜(sayur lemak)是一道樸素的馬來風味素菜，味道清甜帶有濃濃的椰漿味，特別下飯

Big Lunch Combo Lunch Special $7.99 (4/5分)
這份午市特價餐包括蔬菜沙律, rending beef, roti canai和黃薑飯，可謂十分抵食"
"Love love love this place. We had been going to either the Denman or Broadway locations, and since it opened on Davie, our dinner choices on Davie have gotten tremendously better.

I recommend trying the sole fillet dish for $12; such a good deal, and I always leave with leftovers. Also, you can't go without having the roti and the spring rolls."
My first time visiting this place and I loved it.  The food and the service were awesome.  I can't remember all the menu items we ordered but what I remember is, they all tasted so good.  Will definitely come and bring some friends over again.
"Glass had black moldy sludge on edges and bottom. Good came fast and hot. Servers adequate but less than stellar on a slow early supper. 
Sampler menu for two was okay nothing special. Their fried calamari was bland. Satay bland. Shrimp.over cooked. 
Black rice dessert was a hit fried banana dessert was okay. 
Dishes are large enough to be shared, although menu does not state this, nor do the servers tell you so. 
My drink was remade but I was offered no apology nor comped for the gross glass. 
Overall... Nice food slightly high prices, might try again."
Banana Leaf is a really good pan-Asian restaurant with over five locations in Vancouver. We ordered the Laska (curry seafood rice noodle) and Hainan Chicken with a side of Hainan Rice (rice mixed with the essence of the Hainan chicken). The Hainan chicken was boneless and served with 3 sauces: ginger & oil, sweet & sour, and hoisen with soya sauce. My favorite with chicken is always the ginger & oil, but the other options provides interesting flavor.  They also have really good happy hour specials for drinks. Happy hour here last till 10 on certain days, which is great! For dessert, we had the durian ice cream. There are 4 other durian flavor desserts here! Durian lovers will get their craving fixed here. The ambiance was cozy and convenience, on top of great service, good food, and affordable prices, hence the 5 stars.
Best happy hour AND late night menu AND daily specials in town. I go here at least once a week!
Food used to be really tasty, this time the food wasn't too fresh, and seemed overcooked
I really enjoy eating here. The service was good and the food, especially the Migoreng was really nice. Little expensive, but not so much.
"Be aware that this place bribes reviewers by offering discount coupons for future meals, so I suggest removing a star right there. We came inside and I felt I was in a sauna.  Not because it was particularly warm, but there was a wet musty wood smell to the place.  This maybe due to being there just after the rainy season-November to May in Vancouver, I'm told-had ended. There were definitely some stern signs about how to deal with a wet umbrella by the door but this restaurant was alone in the musty smell category. 

I ordered the salad wrap, unfortunately without discussing my gluten free status with the server, a handsome and helpful fellow. My companion ordered the Kung Pow chicken and seemed happy enough with it. It was a special for the day we were there. Although salad wraps are usually reliable choices for gluten-free eating, unfortunately the filling for the salad wraps came to the table in an edible wheat based salad bowl. As I've indicated I blame myself for that. If I had spoken to the server first, this could have all been avoided.
So I ate it anyway avoiding the wheat basket as best I could. It was okay. I had a lovely green tea and a tiny smidgen of dessert. They were each $3 and I would come by in late afternoon again just for these two. The dessert was was jelled but creamy and tasty without being cloyingly sweet like so many
Asian desserts are. It had a delicious mango sauce that was full of flavour. And it was gluten-free."
"Food is average, service should be better. As someone who can't tolerate spicy food, the lunch menu had only two opinions without a chili pepper- the hainan chicken and the pineapple rice combo.

The hainan chicken was disappointing. The chicken was overwhelmingly fat and the soup tasted like instant noodle soup. The sauces were good. 

The pineapple rice combo was delicious. I enjoyed the dish. It came with a chicken skewer, pineapple fried rice, calamari, small salad. This is something I would order again. 

In terms of service, I find the servers were rushing our table to leave as soon as we finished eating. I understand that it is lunch hour, but you shouldn't be taking plates away 10 seconds after. And you shouldn't be handing the cheque to our table when we didn't even ask for it yet. If you want to enjoy your food without rush, go before or after the lunch rush."
Can't go wrong with Hainan chicken and rice. I'd recommend in a heartbeat.
"This was my second time around. The last time I was here, I did not enjoy my meal because  the whole place smelled like wet dog. That could've been from all the wet clothes but I did not come back till today. 

I actually enjoyed my meal this time. The place was not very busy but sometimes that's a good thing. I ordered the kung pao chicken alongside some jasmine rice, and my partner got the boneless curry chicken. Both meals were done well and quite tasty. The staff was polite and it's fairly priced for the amount of food you get."
I was very impressed: had the Roti (best I've ever had) and fried oysters for appetizer. Beef Randang was great, short ribs melted in your mouth. Highly recommend this place.
"I love Banana Leaf. I've loved it since the day I tried it two years ago. Eat in, take out, make your pick, it doesn't matter!
I've enjoyed many of their delicious creations, but this was my first time at this location. Oh yes, the delicious roti with even more delicious curry dip! Spring rolls are pretty good too! My assam curry tofu with vegetables and coconut rice did a great job on clearing up my nasal pathways and satisfying my palate.
A bit of jasmine tea and I'm good to go...

Just a note, me and my friend went early on Saturday (around noon) in order to avoid crowds and be able to talk....it does get quite busy in there...go early and go fo the window table!"
"Great food here, seriously good food. Complex flavours and textures, beautifully prepared, but the service today sucked. Absolutely brutal. Where is our server? She has been absent ,apathetic bordering on rude. 
The food we ordered was all vegetarian, and thoroughly delicious. We had the vegetarian spring rolls which were in a wrapper unlike any I have ever had, Crispslightly denser than a normal spring roll but infinitely more delicious. 
I also ordered the tofu goren , which was much larger than I expected as you can see in the photos it was beautifully presented. The sauce was slightly acidic slightly sweet and with the crushed peanuts on top and fresh vegetables,  really satisfying
David had the dish 10 vegetables 10 spaces that came with rice. This was not a typical curry type, in that it had much more depth and complexity of flavors, which made it very special. You kept trying to determine the spices as they were subtly blended together.
The Decour inside is simple and tasteful, the only real downer at least today was the service was pretty terrible. The food more than made up for the service but it's unfortunate that the service-level it was so bad. We will definitely come again, and hope that we get a happier server who seems to care more about the customers"
Their beef rendang is out of this world!! It's very tasty and recommended so is the murtabak. The waiter was very friendly and he took back a soup which I ordered and didn't like and charged nothing on it.
"One of the best meals we had in Vancouver.  Kid-friendly restaurant with baby plates.   Roti canai had a wonderful, sweet chewy aftertaste. 

I got the Hainan Chicken lunch special.  I was a little concerned when I read reviews saying that the Hainan chicken didn't come with rice, but my lunch special had chicken, rice and soup so I was a happy camper. I compare all Hainan Chicken to Savoy's version (LA restaurant) and usually places fall short.  However, Banana Leaf's was comparable, though its strength is not in its chicken or sauces but in the rice, which was incredibly flavorful: sticky with a nice firm density, garlicky, and tasting like chicken broth. Washed down the food with a refreshing calamansi with honey drink - first time having it and enjoyed it. 

My husband loved his Mee Goreng and is now on the hunt for an excellent rendition of Mee Goreng in the LA area.

Only thing was I went to the bathroom before the food arrived, and one of the toilets was really foul, like someone dropped a massive, splashy deuce and was too proud to flush.  Not the restaurant's fault, but it did taint my enjoyment of the food just a tiny bit."
This restaurant looks nice and has a nice decor. Unfortunately the food was quite bland and it seems they are saving with the spices, at least when it comes to the lamb. All in all a mediocre experience.
Great place, had the 9 course meal it was amazing. The fish was great, roti canai, chicken skewers. Highly recommend!!
"Meal was ok to good. I would give it a 3.5 stars if I could. The breakdown of the ratings are as follow: 

Food taste: 3 - 3.5 stars (hot and sour soup was too sour and could have more contents added. Needed a little more sugar in the sambal prawn dish. Singapore laksa egg noodles were a little too well done for my taste. The proportion of egg noodles to seafood content was off) 

Food presentation: 3.5-4 stars (clean and simple for the most part) 

Service: 4.5 stars (very attentive and i never had to repeat any requests, they could earn a full 5 stars if they smiled more and ask ""how is everything tasting"" - what I'm use to in the United States. I guess no one really ask that here and this is the 5th restaurant I've been to since visiting) 

Ambience: 3 stars"
"Excellent!
My wife and I had the 9 course dinner for $30 each.
Generous portions, perfectly cooked, incredible sauces.
Quiet, comfortable, and great service.
Our favorite restaurant in Vancouver now!"
We are at Banana Leaf our first night in Vancouver and the whole family were impressed with the great service and food. I had the lamb shank with coconut rice and my wife had the mango shrimp. Both were excellent and had a ton of flavor. My kids shared the chicken skewers and rice. They also shared a fresh coconut that was prepared by simply cutting the top off a coconut and placing two straws inside! My son enjoyed the meal so much he wanted to return the next night! Banana Leaf was a great first impression of Vancouver!
"Have been getting familiar and very appreciative of Malaysian cuisine as of late.  It is pretty awesome food you know.  This restaurant along with the others in this small chain are spot on.  

Had the lunch sampler today which included Roti with a special sauce, eggplant fries, satay with peanut sauce, rice, broccoli, calamari, fish in coconut, beef, and vegetable.  Also had the Singapore noodle which comes with fish and octopus.  All very good.  Service was fast. 

Only thing really annoying were the two on call doctors eating a cross the aisle from us who took about 6 phone calls during our lunch to discuss various patient issues.  Seems not only wrong to discuss that in public but also annoying to everyone else there having lunch.  My 2 cents anyway.  

Besides this little glitch today, it's a great place for a quick lunch or dinner."
"My husband and I were on vacation from Oregon and found this place on Yelp.  There was a wait for a table late on Friday night, but it was short (maybe 15 minutes).

The service was friendly and this is one of the only places in Vancouver, BC you can actually get a dark beer.  There are also all manner of other drink choices.

The spring rolls and the chicken satay were both very yummy!  Everything else was equally amazing.  Packed with flavor and cooked to perfection.  I had the Rendang Beef Curry and it blew my mind.  We'll go back for sure next time we are in town... maybe for every meal."
So, I'm a vegetarian; and I like Asian food. This should let you know, my kind readers if my opinion matters to your world view. Plus, I've never eaten Malaysian food before. Plenty of Thai, Vietnamese, Indonesian (the best in Amsterdam) and tried about every cuisine I could around the world. What I tried here was the staple of fried tofu and a spring roll and something called Assam curry vegetable. All of it was good and reminiscent of neighboring countries' cuisine. I don't think anything blew me away but I know I've only scratched the surface. The service was slow and the place was packed. It was a decent experience and I would be back after I try some other places in Vancouver.
The banana leaf is always a great choice. I booked my bday dinner there for 20 people and they were so accommodating. Not once did we have to ask for our drinks to be re-filled or that something was wrong with the order. Everyone got their food together and were taken care of by our lovely waitress. I've never been so impressed with such a large group. They did very well and will continue to have my business :)...mmm now I have a craving :)
"Wow - I love this place! I came for the lunch menu for my boyfriend's birthday, and we left feeling extremely satisfied. The food quality is high, and very delicious. They have a wide variety of spicy and mild food options, as well as vegetarian or meat lovers! I had the lettuce wraps and they were AMAZING!!! The service was quick and friendly, the decor was beautiful, and the overall atmosphere was great. I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu!

Pricing was very fair for the quality of food - I would probably even pay a little more! It was honestly a party in my mouth!"
"First day in Vancouver & what a beautiful city. Went to look for dinner & came across Banana Leaf. 
Wow!! Great friendly service & fantastic food!!  Fallen in love with Malaysian food. 
Everyone need to visit this place!!!"
"The service and food was good at Banana Leaf.

I came to the Banana Leaf late in the evening and was famished.

For appetizers we ordered roti canai and peppercorn oysters.

For my meal I ordered curry boneless chicken, char kuey teow, and mango chili prawns with basil leaves.

The food was delicious and tasty!"
"Dazzled by the picture-laden menu amd enjoying our fruit-filled Sunday special sangrias, we were excited for our Malaysian meals. They did not disappoint, an especially bright spot being the shrimp and vegetables (green beans, okra, eggplant). The sauce was worth the price of admission alone. 

Subtracting one star for service - in a party of two, one dish arrived 5-7 minutes before the other. Not particularly bad, but a bit awkward. Otherwise, experience was very pleasant. I have no prior experience with Malaysian food so I can't comment on authenticity, but it certainly tasted good."
Best Malaysian food in Vancouver! Rendang, baba wings, all their noodle dishes, green bean belecan and can't forget about the pisang goreng! Service can be spotty at times but everyone is super nice. My wife loves all their drinks as well with calamansi caipirinha her fave. Eat here!
"This is by far the nicest dining experience in the area.   Great atmosphere, excellent food, fair prices, and good service.

My 5-star rating is also based on the comparison to other restaurants on the Davie strip, because they are so universally bad.   The Banana Leaf is a real standout."
Food is always consistent, delicious and authentic. And I would know as I am Singaporean originally and we are neighbours with Malaysia so I am very familiar with Malaysian  food.
Excellent food. Had the beef rendang with rice. The spice level of the dish was perfect,  and the beef was well cooked.  The service was friendly and on time.
"Iced Calamansi and Honey $5

First and only drink as I've rest of dragon boat competition to finish tomorrow. Very refreshing, lightly sweet, and carbonation have given it more like light drink but my face was very red after finishing it!

The Tarek $4 Malaysian Black Milk Tea - hot or cold available was ordered to go as it was very cold outside, and get me better hydrated after alcoholic beverage. 

Atmosphere was very inviting, clean table and simple decoration with warm color choices. Light was dim and perfect to let me relax after a long fat competing. It was a moment of paradise after being rained on and shivering for nearly 12 hours and surviving off of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches snd protein shakes. 

Oh. My. Gosh. My tongue has tasted so many mingling ginger, spices, and sweetness - I never got tired of each bite! We got the 8 course meal for $25 and so glad we had a chance to taste so many dishes. They were so accommodating for a friend who cannot have gluten, and menu was readily available and modified. 

I was too busy taking note of each dishes, but every protein (sea food, meat, and veggies) were consumed which will fuel me efficiently for tomorrow's final race. My favorite was soft and moist calamari. It's always been too dry and oily for my taste, but this place changed my mind. And the peanut sauce and succulent chicken was eaten in somber silence as we could not talk. It was mutually agreed it was the best thing we've all tasted today.

Every vegetable cooked or raw was fresh, and lightly flavored so I could enjoy the delicate flavors. Fish and meat was little more heavily spiced but it was very tender and juicy. People of every dietary need and cultural background can congregate and leave satisfied, and frankly I would not mind returning here next day before six hour drive back to Portland - because I'll miss this place dearly. It'll be my annual to-go from now on."
"I had never tried Malaysian food, so we tried this place to try something new. The flavors are very similar to Thai food with a bit of a fermented twist. I thoroughly enjoyed the food here! Even though the city was in the middle of a heat wave AND the restaurant didn't seem to be using their AC, I ordered the spicy seafood soup. it came with a mussel, clam, fish, pineapple and other veggies. 

I tried a bit of my boyfriend's rice dish which had great flavors. and I tried my sister's lychee mojito- very refreshing for a summer day!"
First time here... Our dishes (satay chicken asian salad & Malaysian seafood pasta) were perfect.  And the fried banana ... Mmmmmm   I feel a bit generous with 5 stars on one visit... But can't give it less in good conscience...
"One word: Wow.

My girlfriend and I came here while visiting Vancouver, it is very nice inside! I got the lychee mojito and it was probably one of the best mixed drinks ive ever had. On top of that we had the raita and the lettuce wraps to start and both were so delicious. The raita came with a curry dip that I couldn't stop eating. For main course we got the beef redong and the most popular noodle dish, i forget the name. the noodles came with beef, tofu, and shrimp and they were delicious. As for the beef redong it was honestly very tough and hard to eat. I was not very impressed and asked the waitress if it was supposed to be that tough and overcooked and she said yes. O_o! She offered to change it and we switched it for the lamb. The lamb was fantastic.

Everything about this place was amazing!  stay away from the beef redang unless you like overcooked/tough meat"
"Banana Leaf serves Malaysian cuisine. The service is friendly. The food is not authentic, but flavourful and filling. It is a no thrills type experience.

We ordered the 7 course tasting menu for $23 (per person). The 7 course tasting menu was great value. It came with the following: Asian Green Salad, Vegetarian Spring Rolls, Beef Lettuce Wrap, Assam Curry Seafood, Nyonya Pork Side Ribs, Spinach (in coconut garlic), Pandan Coconut Panna Cotta. 

If you looking for an inexpensive and flavourful dinner, try Banana Leaf."
"Great high quality food. Great flavors and pricing. 

Calamari was cooked perfectly and the curry was light and not as heavy as others (Indian etc). Very impressed and go here often!"
"I lived in Singapore for 4 months and I'm half Singaporean, so I'm pretty sure I can say I know what Singaporean food should be like. Banana Leaf isn't authentic Singapore/Malaysian food, but the waiter did mention it was more of a fusion with Thai food. 

Food isn't bad, a bit pricey though. If you want an idea of how Singaporean/Malaysian food tastes like, I guess it's an idea of what it is, but not even close to being authentic. Service was good though! Staff were all friendly at this location."
Even after seeing the reviews, I wasn't ready for Banana Leaf. We dropped in to pick up a quick lunch  bite, and I have to say that we left with a memorable experience. Staff was polite and made some adjustments for us. I had the signature beef over rice, and it was incredible. My wife had the goreng rice with shrimp and it was also awesome. Great start to our Vancouver foodie tour.
Menu is varied, looks great, tastes even better. Portions are fresh, colorful, substantial, not over spiced, over salted, or overpriced. The roti bread is a must. The cod dish was fantastic. Only $12 for lunch and a large portion. Fresh veggies all around and they will sub out the meat if you don't want chicken in a dish. Music is great too. Nice mix of African, ambient, soundtracks, and totally unlike most restaurants where they either play rap or elevator music jazz. My only complaint is I asked for no chicken in my order and they served me the dish with chicken. As a vegetarian it can be distressing to bite into chicken when you don't expect it. Make sure you are very clear to the server that you don't want meat in your dish. This was quickly exchanged for a fresh plate.
"I recently went to the Banana Leaf after being up for 24 hours. I was in a daze, in a new country for the first time, and was starving. I only went in because I saw food being served in a pineapple and I had to have it.

I'm glad I went in. My pineapple fried rice was amazing. Service was great. I wish we had a place like this in the United States."
"Yes, there is a sign that they offer a future discount for reviews, but if someone didn't like it, I suspect they wouldn't plan to return and, therefore, wouldn't care about a future discount. I don't live in Canada, so here's my unbiased review:
Roti: 5/5 The roti is served hot and nicely flakey. There's a slight sweetness to it, but the dipping sauce really makes it delicious!

Singapore Laksa: 4/5 Nice turmeric coconut milk-based soup with thin rice noodles. If I lived there, I would have saved the broth to make more dishes at home. It is not spicy.

Char Kuey Teow: 4/5 Wide rice noodles with a good ""wok-taste."" This dish does have a spicy kick to it.

Service was friendly--a good experience!"
I have only been for lunch so I will update after I try dinner.  The lunch is a great deal,  they usually have a daily special. the day i was there it was the beef for $6 could have been enough for one perosn easily and was sooo tender.  I cant wait to go back I hear the crab is to die for....
"Great experience at Banana Leaf tonight - 

Very obscure location on Davies street and it is a gem!

Server was very friendly and informative helping us make our dish decisions.

Everything we ordered was fantastic and this wasn't the hunger pains speaking for us cause we were starving.

The eggplant fries were tasty and offered a bit of change from straight up French fries with a slightly healthier twist and this was just the start.

The cooking staff delivered well thought out dishes that presented flawlessly.

May consider going back again for lunch or dinner!

Great job!!"
"i was so stoked to learn that a banana leaf opened up on davie and burrard! i'm a big fan of the one in kits and it's awesome that there's one downtown now that's not in the west-end (don't get me wrong, the west-end is great, but just way too far, especially when it's raining).

the roti is probably my favourite appy. there's an appetizer tray that was like $16 for two people and it included the roti, calamari, spring rolls, and a papaya salad! great deal, and everything included was delicious.

as for dishes, my personal favourites are the beef rendang and the hainan chicken (with the hainan rice). the pineapple rice is pretty good too (and comes served in a pineapple shell). the mie goreng and nasi goreng aren't really authentic (as i lived in indonesia for nine years and visited malaysia frequently) but they're still alright.

i love their fruity alcoholic drinks too. i had the mango slush with vodka the last time i was there, and i've definitely had a lychee slushy concoction in the past as well.

this location has a nice, casual, and comfortable ambiance. our waiter was also pretty awesome the last time i was here, and i've never really had horrible service at any of the banana leafs."
"Was brought here in February by a local Vancouverite that raved about the food. Turns out she was right!  
On the first visit I ordered the Roti Canai to start, and Satay Chicken and Gado-Gado as my entree.    The flavours and overall experience were fantastic.  If I had only eaten there this once though, I'd have given the resto 4 stars...
HOWEVER, I found myself back in Vancouver mid-April, and just had to pay Banana Leaf a visit ;)  This time we went with the Roti Canai, again (that stuff is addictive!!  Delicious flaky, soft goodness) and we split the Caramlized Ginger Black Cod, and Rendang Beef Curry.  OH DEAR LORD that beef is something else!  Truthfully, I've been craving the dish since returning to Toronto.  Somebody please open a Banana Leaf in the east and bring these recipes with you!  Oh...and the black cod was great too!!  hehehe  All this, and the menu is moderately priced.  Can't ask for more.

I'm anxiously awaiting my next trip out west just so I can partake in a great meal here.  Miss it dearly!  Any travelers want to bring me a doggie bag? ;)"
"Some super delicious things on menu, some so-so.  I'm a huge fan of their lettuce wrap (usually not my favourite dish, but so savory/spicy delicious here), the caramelized ginger fish, and the vegetable curry.  I've tried a couple of noodle dishes and haven't been blown away, though.

A bit pricey for dinner, but their lunch specials are fantastic.  Service has always been great, including the time we stumbled in right after the Pride parade, in beyond casual attire."
Gave it a shot based on reviews, and was not disappointed!  Lamb curry was full of flavor, huge portion, very reasonable prices.  Staff was very friendly, service was very quick!  Highly recommend!
I took my mom out for lunch here. Great customer service and the food was delicious. They have the best squid I've ever had. I will be coming back for more.
I'm Indonesian and we have good Indonesian food in Seattle, so I think I came in with higher expectations. The food was good, but the flavors are not as bold as authentic Indo-Malay food would be. I wonder if they toned down the spices to accommodate the local palate. I like that they use lean beef to make the rendang and that was possibly my favorite dish, but otherwise, it was not too memorable. Solid portion, solid place, definitely worth trying if you'd like to try Malaysian or Indonesian food.
"Banana Leaf is one of the many places we will pop in to at lunch from work.  

The decor etc is nothing to write home about, and they often have entertaining decorations etc during seasons which is kinda cute. 

They are good at accommodating larger groups if you need them to, but it does get quite busy at lunch, so keep that in mind. 

Whenever we go we tend to get one of the set menus for two with a shared papaya salad, pad thai and some veg. It's always great. Consistent, delicious and not super expensive given the quality of the food. 

The service is okay, it's not great, and it's where I would say they lose the star. They are often really busy, and every time I'm there it feels like my server is brand new. It's not an issue, it's just slow."
I highly enjoy dining here. The meals are delicious, the portions are generous, and the servers are very attentive. It's not the cheapest option but you won't spend a fortune here.
"HOLY SHWIT, I can't say enough about this spot.

Their curries--perection.
Their portion sizes--ouch, I still hurt hours later and I have leftovers.
Their staff--I would work here, despite the crazy busy scenes (OK, I envy your veracity, I would bend).
The vibe--just right.

The Tofu Goreng appetizer is the length of my arm and I would eat ten of them if I could...but I'm still in pain.

The Assam Curry is just the most delicious coconut based curry I've had on the west coast.

$3.50 for a pint on a Monday, goes down real well with the tastiest green beans in Vancouver.

WILL RETURN!"
"About a year ago I fell in love with Malaysian food when some friends and I went to Penang Delight. Rendang blewwwww my mind, and I was constantly craving it from that point on......like seriously it became a bit of a problem and if I didn't have self control I would have gone broke....... 

I'd always been meaning to go to Banana Leaf, just to try it out but Penang Delight was closer to home, and so that was my go-to Malaysian restaurant. As I now live downtown, I decided to give the Davie location a try. 

I had the roti canai to start, something which I love at Penang Delight. Unfortunately, I was quite disappointed with Banana Leaf's version. It just wasn't good at all. On the other hand the green papaya and mango kerabu was so delicious!!!!!!  Though I do keep in mind that at the same price, you can get the same type of salad at Kaya Malay, another Malaysian restaurant. To add to my meal, I obviously had the rendang beef curry, and the singapore laksa. At both Penang Delight and Kaya Malay the rendang isn't quite on the spicy side, however Banana Leaf's was. Since I'm not a fan of spicy food, it was a bit more difficult to actually enjoy, as I was trying to control the heat explosions in my mouth from both the rendang and laksa. Prices at Banana Leaf are also slightly higher than those at Penang Delight and Kaya Malay. 

Overall I wouldn't choose Banana Leaf over the two others I have mentioned, as I feel like I have gotten better value and satisfaction from primarily Penang Delight, and next in line, Kaya Malay. Though I have heard from my Malaysian sources that Hawker's Delight is the real deal- this coming from a Malaysian born friend of mine. Next time I'm craving, I know where I'm going!"
My far my favourite meal while visiting in Vancouver. We had the appetizer sampler and the lunch special with lychee mojitos. Even my picky two year old daughter enjoyed it. Service was fast and friendly.
"Excellent food! I came here with my family and we got a Singapore Laksa, Mee Goreng, Boneless Hainan Chicken Rice and a Tofu Goreng.

 The Singapore Laksa was delicious, the soup was very creamy with lots of flavor. Mee Goreng was fantastic as well, packed with flavor.

The tofu goreng and the hainan chicken rice were tasty but average. 

The portions were quite large so we all left feeling full, happy and satisfied!"
We strolled in Saturday for lunch without a reservation. Service was good. They brought out our orders timely. We had roti, curries, noodles. Great flavoring, didn't taste oily. I would get the roti again.
This was our first night in Vancouver and we picked a delicious spot. Banana Leaf is a Malaysian food restaurant. For appetizers we got Roti (light, flaky bread) and chicken satay (skewers). They were very good. For the main course we got coconut rice, shrimp and beef fried rice, short ribs ,scallops and white rice. We all enjoyed it. Now for the bad part: the service was very very slow. They could've made 20 more bucks if they asked if we wanted another refill on all our drinks. Otherwise, the food was great and we would try it again.
"ONLY four stars because their very limited vegetarian options did not blow my mind, BUT their drinks did and the kiddie and hubz loved their lamb, chicken etc. 

A delightful roti canai  and vegetarian spring rolls , chicken satay started our meals followed by pineapple fried rice, steamed rice, Kari ayam, Lamb curry .

Oh and  quite a few drinks of Dragon's eyes Martinis and singapore slings! Those two were DIVINE!

attentive service and seriously good food. Just not for vegetarians as their sambal also has fried prawn paste !"
This place is one of my favourites. I always order Canai Roti (!oh yummy). Also their Singapor Laksa is the best. Thier service is very good. This place can actually be very busy sometimes that there is a line-up for it.
"We were in Vancouver on vacation looking for a nice place to spend some of canadian bills on.  We hit the mark on this one.  Very tasty food and attractive atmosphere.  For ~30, the two of us ate (or overate) lunch till our hearts content and then had to take some to go.
We had the roti appetizer- so good with the dipping sauce and nice and light and flaky.  We tried the special sampler that had tons of different things including kabobs, beef, calamari, rice, fish, cucumber, mango salad, pickle, and spring roll.  We also had a noodle dish with seafood.  Great all around.
If we lived in Vancouver, I am sure we would be back.  I am sad to see there are no Banana Leafs in Seattle.  I will have to start looking for some place for comparison."
"Always a good, dependable place to visit. I've had a lot of things on the menu and have never been disappointed. My only complaint (and this is minor) is that the portions could be bigger, as I've found myself leaving hungry often. Still, the quality, service, and pricing is perfect. 

I'll add that it's a little odd that a restaurant serving cuisine from an Islamic country has Buddhist iconography all over the walls, though. Perhaps they assume most people don't know anything about Malaysia?"
"Visiting Vancouver after a long sea voyage. Not my first time in this town so I was in the mood for exotic, but not typical asian food. Enter Banana Leaf, it was in a great location downtown near my hotel, I walked by about a dozen pretty happening gastropubs and eateries on my way to Banana Leaf but I was drawn by that yelp photo of their Mango & Sticky Rice. We ordered the 8 course pre-fix, only $25 Canadian bucks per person. What a spread!!! Of course I couldn't resist ordering Roti Canai as an appetizer.
1) Asian salad - papaya, pineapple, tomato, mango & spring lettuce (2) Fried Calamari that was so light and crispy, almost like tempura batter (3) asparagus with samba (sweet & spicy sauce) (4) seasoned rice (5) Beef curry (6) curry fish (7) satay chicken with peanut sauce (8) Mango chili tiger prawns and technically the 9th dish...sweetened coconut in a crepe. 
ALL of that for $25pp, unbelievable, and super delish!!

That was a little overkill, but if you are hungry and desire a taste of Maylasian fare that's the way to do it. 

And yes, I got the mango sticky rice to go, and it tasted just as good in my hotel room a few hours later. They also have fresh coconut juice served whole. I felt it was really authentic but I've never been to Malaysia, it was just yummy. I went on a Sunday night and the restaurant was at 80% capacity, no wait though."
"New review: went here for lunch with a few friends. My friends had the lunch specials while I had my favourite. The food was amazing and the service was better than last time! If they keep this up we will keep coming more and I recommend the lunch specials! Good for price and taste!! 


We always go here for dinner and late night food. This time around we were getting really bad service and the server forgot our drinks and never came by to check on us. My friend's food came 30 mins after ours which meant we were finished by the time he started his. Overall the food tasted the same I felt that what I usually order had been reduced in size. 3 stars just for the food."
"They are able to make most vegetarian dishes vegan!!
Eggplant and basil dish is very yummy :) 
Love the neighbourhood this restaurant is in."
Went in for a plate of Nasi Goreng and I was not disappointed. If I lived here I would probably be there weekly.
I would say this is a very good place. I usually give 5 stars or 1 star, so 3 stars is pretty good. I would even come back here. My only comment is that the tumeric rice was oily. But my fish was delish.
"Banana Leaf has been around for years though this is my first visit to this outlet. I usually go to the other outlets. 

I tried the Nasi campur which is an awesome way to try the various dishes. Most of the dishes were on point with some that could be better. 

Roti canai was crispy and fluffy, simply delicious with the curry dip given. 

The chicken satay was ok (not the same as in Malaysia/Singapore) but great with the peanut sauce. I would say the satay was more like what you get in Indonesia. 

What caught me by surprise was the gulai. It was so good. Creamy curry and flavorful. It was not as spicy as what you would get in Asia but the level of heat was perfect for me. 

Spring roll and eggplant fries were also nice. 

The Assam curry and beef rendang were ok. The beef could be more tender though. 

I also tried the pulot hitam (black glutinous rice) which was gorgeous. So good with the coconut cream. 

I will be back when I crave some singapore/Malaysia food."
"Came here about a month ago....

Food:
Gulai Seafood - incredible!  Although there was ample seafood and great flavor, I think the portion size could increase a bit.  Well done, though!

Satay chicken skewer - dried out and not a whole lot of flavor.  I didn't enjoy them as much as I had hoped I would.  Simply overcooked.

Service:
Awkward and strange.  Server was kind but quiet and not engaging.  Definitely made us shift in our seats.

I might return for the Gulai and something else."
We found this place on accident as it was right off a bus line.  We were pleasantly surprised and the food was amazing.  Great ambiance and good service
This was a new cusine for me and I really enjoyed it.  I thought the prices were in line with all the other restaurants we visited in Vancouver.  Really enjoyed the Mango rum drinks too.
Delicious food presented in a dynamic, unique way and in a gorgeous environment. We went for brunch but I'm looking forward to going back for dinner!
"Finally!  Despite living in Vancouver for decades and this restaurant's multiple locations, it took time away from Vancouver and a visit back home for me to have my first experience at Banana Leaf.  What an experience.  They had a great drink special the Wednesday night we went (Mai Tai singles for $4 and doubles for $6 - pretty great for the location we were at). ONE STAR

We ordered the following:

(1) Roti Canai / $7 
Flaky layered bread served with coconut curry sauce ~ one of India's great culinary contributions to Malaysia.

(2) Rendang Beef Curry / $15 
No festive occasion is complete without this rich Malaysian dish, boneless lean beef stewed to melting tenderness in coconut gravy and spices.

(3) Gulai Seafood / $20 
A taste of the ocean: scallop, prawn, fish, mussel, clam, and squid simmered in spicy turmeric coconut sauce made of tamarind, galangal, lemon grass & ginger.

Item (1) was our absolute favourite and I would have been happy with just that.  I find myself craving this appetizer even now back in Houston.

Items (2) and (3) were also delicious, but very spicy.  That turned out to our advantage because when we mentioned it to our waiter, he gave us some ice cream to cool our palettes - on the house!

Item (3) had generous portions of the listed seafood.

There were two of us and we had leftovers!  A great deal for the food, ambiance, service and quality level.  Can't wait to return!

This review is based on my personal experience and all statements made herein reflect my personal opinion only. Your experience may be completely different."
The food is good. I like their staff. But, needs more smiling faces :). It felt a bit cold sometimes.
The roti is a must have, yummy warm bread to dip into a curry sauce.  Im still to find a main thats not too spicy for me as im a weakling when it comes to spicy food. The randag beef curry has amazing flavor but i wish there was some yogurt availble to cool it down! We also got calamri and the portion was HUGE !
Great food, excellent service. Both vegetarians and carnivores in our group had lots of great options and we all loved it.  But it seems kinda cheap to charge extra for rice when the entree pretty much demands it.
Husband & I ate here tonight with our 2 small kids, quick, pleasant service & outstanding food quality. We hit the jackpot & got there just in time for happy hour so tried a little of everything. Highly recommend curried salmon main dish, lettuce wraps, eggplant fries, WOWZA!!!
"Such great food! 

Came by here pretty late  - FYI (and this is probably standard for most restaurants) kitchen closes 30 minutes to listed closing. Great late night happy hour and good size portions. I think the options on the happy hour could be better so not great for a full on dinner. 

We ordered the pork ribs and beef skewers (not on happy hour) with a seafood noodle dish. Also ordered an iced coffee and it was great. Strong coffee, very sweet, great portion. 

Highly recommend coming by!"
"Yes, finally they are open!  I salivated on the sidewalk when this place was under renovation, only to open as the famed Banana Leaf.  I lived down on Davie, so walked past this place for some time, in the mornings and after work.  Finally we made it here tonight, after our favourite PHO place, just down the street was too full to seat us.

I had currey chicken with vegetables, she had the lamb shank.

The lamb shank was something SERIOUS.  I love lamb, and couldn't get enough of this meat falling off the bone shizz... Woah!

5 dollar pint of 1516 quenched me, while she had a glass of Pino, which was ice cold... so refreshing after a day of solemn financial markets!!

Who cares? I've got my succulent curry! My ice cold beer!  It's Friday evening, and what better place to take my date than BANANA LEAF!"
I'm so glad I didn't leave Vancouver without grabbing dinner here. The food was excellent. Spices were perfect. I do think customer service needs to be improved. To servers that don't smile, I will never be inclined to leave a nice tip so taking off one star for this.
Service was fantastic so 3.5 stars. We got the tasting menu since we were new to Malaysian food. Was it worth the money? Maybe the mussels in cumin & ginger and pisang goreng dessert. On the whole, nah. Being from LA, it seemed like expensive, coconut milk marinated Thai food.
"We were walking in my neighborhood and we stopped at this place for a late dinner. This place have a decent size venue and spacious compare to other places on Davie Street.  On that night, we ordered the Wok-Fried Eggplant Basil and Rendang Beef Curry. The eggplant dish tasted pretty good. The eggplant were cooked perfectly, soft and not mushy. As for the curry dish, it was good in taste but not much ""Wow"" in my opinion. Overall, the dishes were simple and tasted like home cooking with no much effect in preparation. I would go back again for a simple dinner but I would expect much."
"Same as the other Banana Leaf places on Denman and W. Broadway so go read the reviews there on the food. It is tasty. I'd recommend Mee or Nasi Goreng and the deep-fried banana with ice cream is to die for at all the Banana Leaves (Leafs? as in Tarrana Make Beliefs?). 

I'd give the Davie one five stars because there's more room here at this location including when you're waiting. You know what I mean when you're squeezed in that entrance at the Denman location. 

They have a small bar area with the TV above to catch the game--nice touch."
We went here for a quick lunch. The heating wasn't working which was a nuisance at the end of December but the service was adequate. The lunch special was extremely stingy. A piece and a half of the beef was a tad bit insulting although the presentation was appetizing and food was good it was nothing special. We have been to other locations and have had better experiences there. Wouldn't be revisiting this location again.
"More like three and a half stars, but there were some definite highlights.

Went for lunch the other day, and we ordered the Hainan chicken and the big lunch special along with a side of roti canai.

The roti canai was one of the best I've ever had here, and the curry dipping sauce was a perfect balance with great flavour, consistenty, texture and very slight heat.

The lunch special was beef rendang, rice, roti canai and a side salad.  All quite good, the beef was a tad dry, but it was also late in the lunch time slot.  The roti was same as the side, though a smaller portion.  A sizable lunch for a very good price ($8 if i recall correctly).

The Hainan chicken was presented with the three sauces as well as a soup and coconut rice.  It was very good, but I've had better hainanese chicken here.  Good size portion for very reasonable $11.

Decent beer and wine list with reasonable prices, very good service from our water.

Fruit flies were a significant issue, to the point where we had to stop eating to bat away at them and they were all over the food and our wine.  

Our waiter assured us that it was temporary and not usual and they weren't sure what caused the infestation.

I would eat there again - they have a tasting menu for lunch as well as dinner which would allow one to try a wide variety of dishes, but bring your appetite.  I found the lunch servings quite sizable."
"This location has stepped up its game. I'd been once before a couple years ago because I was too lazy to walk all the way to the Denman location, and it was just so-so.

I went here a couple weeks ago with some friends, and their food was on-par or maybe even better than Denman's. I got the Kung Pow Chicken with steamed coconut rice. We also shared some roti, which was delicious.

This location one-up'd Denman with their drink specials: Fridays $4 frozen Margaritas--heck yeah! And they were goooood. Possibly a hint of lychee?

I'll be back and hope for repeat experiences."
In from San Diego, had the 9-course tasting menu with wine pairing. Quick service, everything was fantastic. Going back for beef rendang tonight!
"Tried the boneless curry chicken and instead of a side of rice, I went with an entree of rice -pineapple fried rice.  The plan was not to eat all of it there at the restaurant, of course, but to use some of it as my side.  However, the server then informed me it was also Happy Hour and the pineapple fried rice was on the BOGO buy-one get one (""free"") list! So it was a rather fortuitous choice as I could then use the whole entree as a side and save the second one for lunch next day!
The fried rice did not disappoint. The curry was good but the massive amount of sauce, I had forgotten, is more usual for Asian curries as I'm more used to West Indian/Caribbean curries which are thicker.
Ambience is good. Server was pleasant but did not ask if I wanted any drinks (there was water to start but it was brought by default). I didn't actually want drinks so I didn't ask either,  but I consider it standard to be offered the drink/beverage options."
"How did I not notice that there is a Banana Leaf on Davie street. Apparently looking at the pictures, it has been there for a long time. 

I came here with B and we order their specials: Kitsilano Box, Sunset Box and 4 chicken Skewers.

I personally don't think any of those boxes were good deal. Too much fried stuff. But I also noticed the food doesn't taste as good as the Kitsilano location or Oak Street location. Service was good. It was not busy when we went. 

The roti Canai is always my favorite dish. It was lacking at this location. The curry sauce tasted very different compared to the Kits location. It was less flavorful here. 

It was good but just not as good as the other Banana Leaf locations."
"If this review was based on deliciousness of food alone, Banana Leaf would get a five-star rating from me for sure.

But let's start from the beginning. Having thoroughly researched all the restaurants participating in Vancouver's 2017 Dine Out Festival, I had noticed that Banana Leaf had quite the deal: 7 courses for $20 - papaya salad, calamari, chicken satay skewers, beef rendang, caramelized fish fillet, sambal green beans with rice, and panna cotta as dessert. 

Everything was absolutely delicious, and it's such a good deal for the price. My sister and I both ordered the Dine Out special, and the appetizers were served promptly afterwards. Here's where my issue lies. As soon as I bit into my chicken satay skewer, I saw that the inside of the meat was almost completely pink and quite visibly undercooked, borderline raw. So I called our server over and told her that I was concerned about the cook of my chicken. She took my plate and said she would check with the kitchen, but that the pink could just be because it was dark meat. I felt a little affronted at that comment, but she took my plate nonetheless. 

A few minutes later, she came back and apologized and yes indeed, it was undercooked, and said that the kitchen was making a new one. At this point, it would have been nice to see compensation of some sort, so I was a little disappointed with the service. 

Other than the chicken skewer incident, the rest of the food was absolutely delicious. So just based on taste, 5 stars, then minus one for the raw chicken, and minus one for no compensation. Hopefully next time I go back, the food will be just as delicious but a little more cooked through."
Great food and atmosphere! I ordered the Char Keow Teow and Tofu Goreng and it has a spice to it which enhances the flavour. Nice music and clean restaurant. Great service and staff.
"I've never tried Malaysian food before so we opted for the 9 course tasting menu for $30. All the portions they serve are for two people and it was more than enough with leftovers to take home. 

I don't know what authentic Malaysian food is supposed to taste like but the dishes we got seemed like something we could get at a chinese/thai restaurant. Regardless, the plates were pretty tasty especially the green beans which were very crunchy in texture.

I ended up getting food poisoning from this place though (I think it was the beef) so I will not be coming back."
First off this place is beyond delicious! The food is definitely worth flying from LA. And to top it off Jen our server was amazing too. We had small mistake on our order and she was quick to fix it for us.
"I've been to all of their other locations in the past. 
The Davie one seemed smaller, darker, and in a need of a make over.

I was here once previously and it wasn't great. As a matter of fact, it was so bad that they ended up comping our entire meal - drinks and all. 

However I do believe in giving second chances.
I am glad I did. 

Instead of going with a fixed menu, we chose individual items to share. 

We started with cocktails. The frozen mango peach Bellini and the Lychee mojito. Both excellent. In fact they have so many delicious frozen cocktails to chose from, it took a bit to decide. 

For food we shared the roti,chicken skewers, the curry beef and the coconut rice. All so excellent, it's now what I order when I come here!

I have also had the chicken lettuce wraps, which are ok ! 

They have daily specials, and the last visit was on a Sunday. My favourite curry beef dish ( Rendang beef ) was half price ! Yeah!!

Defiantly give this place a try - with the variety of drinks and food items to chose from- you will be glad you did !"
"We asked our hotel concierge about a good Asian restaurant in Vancouver and Banana Leaf was recommended among the many, many choices in the area. We were not sure what Malaysian was compared to other regions, but we found familiar items that we were interested in ordering. Nice comfortable ambiance with an upscale feel. Note, I did not see any indication about a ""bribe for a good review"" at this restaurant as others have mentioned but being a serious Yelper I could never consider or approve of such an offer. 

We ordered the Roti and it was delicious with the slightly spicy dipping sauce. If it had come out earlier than our entrees we would have filled up on this. Since prices were a little steep, I selected the special of the evening Kung Pao chicken. It was delicious, packed with peppers, peanuts, perfectly cooked chicken in a sweet and spicy sauce. My husband ordered mango prawns and enjoyed the prawns but felt the mango was not ripe enough. We were surprised that entrees do not come with rice so you have to separate. If we would have realized the size of the rice portion, we would have just ordered one to share. The server suggested the coconut rice for me and this was served in a banana leaf. Interesting but really not that much better than the regular jasmine rice my husband ordered. Overall a little pricey but nice meal."
"We have always been fans of Banana Leaf.  We love their affordable prices and their delicious Malaysian cuisine.  Our favorite is the Rendang Beef, a beef stew in spicy coconut gravy, which goes very well with Roti Canai bread!  

They have also started doing Happy Hour as well!  It's Monday to Sunday 3pm to 6pm, but they also have late night happy hour too.  Their happy hour menu has great deals on wine and food.  Be sure to try their Vegetarian Spring Roll and Nyonya Tofu Lettuce Wrap!

A note about their decor: the place has a Asian-fusion decor but it probably needs a little bit of freshen up."
Excellent dine out menu.  We had the 11 course menu.  We loved the variety and quantity.  We had lots to taake home aS we were unable to finish everything. We will be back!
Good place for real taste and been for lunch really enjoyed it had some combos with lamb they served the good food really appreciate this place
"Banana Leaf on Denman is the bomb. I've been to a few of the other locations but this little gem is intimate and the food is outstanding. The staff are always super kind and attentive. 

Value for money this place can't be beat .
Everything I've had here has been consistent in quality."
"Loved the curry laksa that I had. The soup was very flavorful and the fish cakes were soft and mouth-watering. As someone who's part Malaysian, this is actually more authentic and not Americanized like many so-called Malaysian restaurants I've been to in California. Better than most Malaysian restaurants I've tried in California because there's very few there. I was surprised that Vancouver had a lot of Malaysian restaurants because in other cities I've been to, it has seemed to be a rarity to find even one. 

Serving sizes are big portions, so be sure to come in with a very hungry stomach or take the rest of your food home if you can't finish it. Service was very kind and helpful! Will definitely come again!"
Amazing Malay chain in Vancouver. This particular location is very nice inside and the folks who work here are really kind while also providing excellent service. I've been here with my mom as well as with my friends who live in Burnaby. The food is consistently good and service is great.
"Perhaps one of the best restaurants in the West End

Food is very tasty, good portions, and ingredients

The roti is amazing, can't get enough of that"
"Went here for dinner and ordered the chicken murtabak, malaysian spicy papaya seafood soup, gulai seafood and hainanese chicken. 
Enjoyed the gulai seafood with ample shrimp, fish, mussel, squid/calamari and hainanese chicken ( although it didn't come with the rice).
If you aren't familiar, gulai is quite similar to thai's green curry.
Portions are huge compared to Bay Area's.
Service: attentive and friendly
Better come early for dinner on weekends and before 2pm for lunch.
They have tasting menu and Prix Fixe Menu.
Wish we weren't too full to try the so tempting dessert list.
Definitely will come back when we are in Vancouver!"
Most of the the is great, but the last two time the food was not as tasty as it use to be,it seems to be hit and miss
I came here just after 9 PM, with my husband, hungry and thirsty. We had Lamb Shank, Pork Ribs and Cauliflower Tumeric. Everything was excellent, fast service and the staff nice. Highly recommend this place.
Not great or authentic Malaysian or Singaporean cuisine.  Curry was just not right, Hainan chicken was ok, Char Kuey Teow was too wet, Sambal Okra, eggplant and green beans wastoo oily.  The point is that the chef just deep fried the vegetables first to save time instead of stir fire it.  May be that's always the problem of chain restaurant.  There are lots of better Malaysian and Singaporean restaurant in Vancouver.
"Oh, how I miss Malaysian food. 

Disclaimer: my parents are from Malaysia, and my relatives who live there make it a point to stuff me as full of food as humanly possible every time I visit.

I got the nasi lemak, my favorite food of all time and the national dish of Malaysia. And let me tell you, it was ON POINT. The sambal was nicely spicy with perfect fishy essence. Ikan bilis and rendang were fantastic; so rich and hearty. The shrimp and fish curry were a nice touch as well, both very good. And the cherry on top was fried calamari rings with a savory sweet sauce! And best of all, the coconut rice had just enough pandan flavor and wasn't too heavy or sticky--perfect! Flavors were authentic. The only gripes I have is that I wish there was a whole hard boiled egg--they only gave half. But I digress. Everywhere else I've tried so far in WA has been lacking in authenticity.

I drove up here from Tacoma, WA just to eat. 
And next time, I'm bringing mom&dad. 5 STARS"
"Gulai seafood pasta from Banana Leaf.
I am so happy my co worker recommended this place to me, it was amazing! 
First off the service was great and the atmosphere was relaxed but kind of romantic and beautiful. I ordered one of their lunch specials, of which there were a lot to choose from, and received a much larger portion than i would have expected. 
The flavour was everything I had hoped it would be! Complex, creamy but refreshing and not at all heavy. There was so much seafood in this and it was all perfectly cooked. 
I also got their Monday drink special which was a Bourbon Smash because I've never had one before.

Overall I would definitely recommend this place to every one especially if you are vegetarian as they had a huge amount of plant based menu items and for the price you can not go wrong!"
"Everything we ordered here was excellent. I love Malaysian food and don't have any near to where I live. Was super excited to see this place was a very  walking distance from my Airbnb while vacationing in Vancouver. I had the 10 vegetables in 10 spices and was instantly in love. The listing of vegetables included pumpkin which I knew was not going to be what a typical North American would think of as pumpkin. I knew it would be one from Asia which I adore when I can find it in Thai food. My husband saw the dish had pumpkin in it before me so he knew what I would be ordering. My husband ordered his favorite Malaysian dish- the first Malaysian food we ever had- mee goreng! His was wonderful as we expected it would be. Loved the roti and the side of hainan rice to go with my 10 veggies in 10 spices. Both went perfectly with my dish.

If I'm ever back in Vancouver, I wouldn't hesitate to come back and visit Banana Leaf!"
"Eh... and I am not local 

What did I get?
I got the nasi goreng and also the roti canal appetizers. The Roti Canai appetizers were disappointing, I've definitely had better. It wasn't as flakey and crunchy as I've had. The sauce was very mediocre, definitely had better. The nasi goreng was okay too. The rice was a bit too soft in my opinion. 

Environment
This was off Davie, in a nice part of the city. The interior looks nice. A number of tables, fits a party of 4 easily.

Niceness of the staff
Not sure if it was busy or what but it was okay service. The food took a long time to arrive and they seem occupied... took a while to get to me and get my food served.

Dollar
It wasn't bad for pricing..

Yes?
Not really... Unless someone recommends something else on the list that I HAVE to get."
"A very tasty and convenient little Malaysian place that we visited when we were in Vancouver - it was actually our lunch on the day we left. A welcoming but dimly lit restaurant with warm interior design and comfortable seats, the food was quick and delicious. Everything we had, from the spring rolls to the curry dishes, were well seasoned and well proportioned. This is a great option for dining when you are in the area.

21/30"
"5 stars all around. Restaurant was quiet until 10-15 mins of us being seated. Thank goodness we got there at the right time. But everyone was seated promptly. The waitresses work so hard i really appreciate them. 

I had lamb curry while the hubs ordered boneless chicken curry. Oh, we also had roti canai for appetizer. The roti canai was good but the accompanying curry was a little bit too sweet. 

For desserts (which I don't usually do) i had pisang goreng and again, it hit home. I'm a Malaysian and I approved! :) 

Btw Mango sticky rice was unavailable tonight so better check before u order (we were told before she handed us the menu so we are good.)"
"Our last foodie stop before leaving Van City, so I had to get some more Malaysian food in my belly! Banana leaf has several locations quite close to each other, but since we were in the area, we came in to this location. We were the first guests since we came in right after the opening time, so the service was prompt and the food was brought to us very very fast. 
We got some drinks to start off, the Virgin Lychee Mojito was alright, a bit too slushy/icy; the Calamansi Caipirinha was better, enough alcohol and plenty of flavor, very refreshing. 
We got beef rendand, which was great, jsut watch out for whole spices in the sauce; also, hainana chicken, which was ahhhhh-mazng, almost made me cry from happiness with each bite (a quarter chicken order is plenty for one person btw!). 
My only disappointment was roti canai, the bread was a bit too thick and chewy, and the curry was vegetable based and lacked flavor and that delicious greasy factor I've always tasted everywhere else. This is usually my go-to appetizer, but I wouldn't order it here again.
At last, we ordered fried banana with vanilla ice-cream for dessert, and it was faaaaaaabulous! I am not a desert person, but I finished my share of this one. The portion is pretty large two, there are pretty much two whole (?) fried bananas with a scoop of ice-cream. I would totally go back just for that!

Other than food, the ambience is relaxing, the restaurant is clean (including restroom), and they have a full bar to serve you fancy drinks."
We got the 9-course tasting with wine pairing and it was wonderful! Our favorites were the clams, giant prawns and the ribs. And the dessert (panna cotta) was great too. The last wine in the pairing was a port and it was the perfect end to the meal. It was my first time eating Malaysian food and we are going to go back again tomorrow!
This restaurants is such a cute spot and great value! We got the 7 plant based course and wow! Everything was well prepared, delicious, and there was such a variety of flavors. I was so surprised that all the dishes were big portions. You are getting bang for your buck! I am not vegetarian or vegan but I love veggies and unfortunately the other tasting menu had lots of shellfish dishes and I have a bad allergy but we ordered the lamb curry as well which was remarkable. I would love to try other dishes as well!
The food was exceptional! Each food I tasted always surprised me by just how flavourful it is! Every time I took a bite felt like the flavors exploded in my mouth. I especially love love loveeee their roti! On top of the great food, the service was quick and the servers were caring and very entertaining.
First time trying Malaysian food while we were in Vancouver. The banana leaf could be considered a good introduction , especially since they provide a sampling menu that allows allows one to taste their most popular dishes. the food was excellent, the freshness of the ingredients really came through. From what we've sampled at this restaurant, it seems as though malay food incorporates some indian influences , except that the vegetables arent cooked as much, and so they remain crisp and light. Liked the food, good ambience, great service. Give malaysian food a try, you might be pleaantly surprised
Delicious sambal veggies, love it with the chicken rice.  Also like the lamb shank. We probably will try the curry veggies and lobster tail with turmeric rice next time.
"Came by for happy hour on a Friday afternoon, around 4:30, and I'm so glad we did! 

Happy hour is offered everyday 3-6 pm as well as 8:30 pm till close Sunday to Thursday. The hh menu includes both drink and food options.

There's a small outdoor patio in addition to the indoor seating, but we opted for indoors as there was construction going on outside. It wasn't crowded at all, so it was easy to get a table far from the other diners.

For my drink, I went with the daily special cocktail, the mango margarita ($8), and it didn't disappoint. I love that there was actual mango slush in the drink! They have some great drink specials such as half off all bottles of wine on Thursdays, and lychee mojitos on Saturdays. Definitely take advantage of it!

Neither of us were super hungry, so we opted to share the English Bay Sunset Box ($20), which includes calamari, roti canai, Asian salad, and chicken satay.We also ordered wings from their hh menu for $8.

The food was all delicious! The calamari was chewy with a nice crunch on the outside, and the roti canai with the curry dip was so good! The wings weren't spicy at all (thank goodness for my taste buds) and were fried perfectly. My only complaint was that the peanut sauce that accompanied the chicket satay was a little too sweet for my personal tastes. I would've preferred something on the saltier side. Other than that, I was quite happy with the meal!"
"4 stars, because the food was luke warm..
Service Excellent
Taste of food Excellent
Atmosphere good.
Location easyy to find
Prices competitive
Portions good.
Lots t o choose from
Will come back for more"
"Not my favorite Banana Leaf. But it was passable. 

The service was... interesting. I kept getting ignored and it wasn't even busy, I guess the server had more interesting things to do than serve but ah well. 

The food I did like though. Their curry laksa was very good lots of seafood and ingredients but the strengh or deepness of the broth wasn't that great (I'm a tough critic on this dish because my mother makes the best laksa).

The mee goreng is really nice, once again the portion size was good (it was $13) and the flavors for this dish was spot on. I liked the variety of ingredients, lots of veggies, metas and seafood and made it really nice and well-rounded. 

I tried their Guava Tini, sounds nice but in all honesty it wasn't that great (I'm a bartender so I'm picky). Whenever I go out I usual get something people can't mess up, but was feeling a bit adventurous. The guava was there but it was muddled with other flavors and smells which was a bit off. I would've preferred it only be guava juice and booze. 

Food is really good here, will definitely be back. Not a big fan of the drinks and the service needs some help, although it was probably only that one server, I've never had a bad experience before."
The dosa was really good. And they have a huge menu with tons of yummy food. Would love to go back.
"This was very delicious and well made quality food. 

I was pleasantly surprised ( it can be hit and miss with Indian food) and will definitely order from here again. Delivery was fast and portions were great for the price point."
5 stars for sure! This place is amazing. So much variety with great prices. High quality food with great tasting spices. This was my first time trying Sri Lankan food and I was very impressed. Great ambiance. Casual, cozy and really friendly staff. Can't wait to go back!
Just moved into the neighbourhood and tried their samba and Roti - it was amazing. Can't wait to try more. Highly recommended.
I love the food here, I am never disappointed whenever I stop by. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for some good Tamil food.
"Ive been planning to try this restaurant for sometimes but everytime i go its close.the place is just almost beside where i get my haircut and it was recommended actuall by the owner of the salon...

i went there for a late lunch..im the only customer till i finished my meal noone came in....the owner says they got busy on suppertime.

Neat place decors were soth asian inspired,i just noticed that the chairs are kinda low for the tables not so comfi when you start eating.the place can house like approximately 40-50 persons...

Waiter service,theres lot of good dishes in the menu ranging from spicy to super spicy...indian foods,sri lankan foods and theres singaporian foods in the menu..i ordered masala calamari for my appetizer...and beef beryani for my main meal...both tasted good the beef beryani has one boiled egg on top rarely i see this kind of presentation in other restaurant of thesame kind.....they serve alcoholic beverages.

Service is slow considering im the only person that time but very friendly....street parking,noise level a bit loud because of the TV continiously playing indian singing and dance video..well for me its entertaining..no wifi,havent check the washroom..
My bill is $21 something  and i gave the guy $25 he never offered me a change...well thats okay but honestly he should atleast ask me..

Good spicy food..in the future i wish to try the dosa."
"I heard some up and down reviews for this place, but it sounds like they're slowly on the upclimb because the place was pretty okay when I went last. Might be a bit late for them, since we were the only people in the restaurant the whole time. 

Service was definitely slow (surprising, since you know - only people there). I was all excited when I saw dosas on the menu. I haven't had a dosa in a long long time, and was super happy to order it off the menu. When the lady asked me how spicy I wanted it I said medium. Because right? Medium? That sounds reasonable.

Medium is insanely spicy. Like, REALLY spicy. Like it hurts my lips after three bits. Everything burned. Pretty much everything that we ordered aside from the naan was extrmeely spicy. Even the pakoras were spicy! Good gracious, I couldn't taste a thing after two minutes! I even had food left over to bring back to my husband, who subsequently also burned off his tongue as well.

But the food is good, and if I go back I'll definitely order the mild next time and try not to be a hero. It's seems a decent enough place, but the fact that it's quiet as heck makes me wonder why."
"I have been going to this restaurant for about 13-15 years. During that time it changed ownership.......and food quality changed.  But always there were a few items that were amazing. I mostly eat Sri Lankan food.......and their food is very good.  The only complaint is that when i just got to love a dish for a while the store was sold to someone else....and that dish i liked was not that great. But there turned out to be other dishes that were great. I had to try different dishes to figure out which ones were good when the restaurant changed hands.  
Food can be very hot.....so you have to ask for mild if you eat medium somewhere else.  Absolutely delicious. Service can be slow or fast depending on the owner. It is quite clean and friendly atmosphere."
"The food here is GREAT, but dining in is not. The service took forever (another reviewer already commented on this) and we had to ask for everything (read: water, cutlery, plates, etc). 

I was so distracted by the ants the entire time!!! If we ever order from here again, it will be takeout/delivery, as that seemed to be what they were focusing on anyway."
"Here was my first taste of Vancouver Indian food, and got to discover it from a flyer. Boy, those flyers with photos really work when hungry! Never mind if you have to drive away from downtown, our group, sold on the idea drove and came in an almost empty restaurant, clean cafeteria style with a TV screen playing Bollywood variety shows. Service was attentive and helpful, and we felt actually good about succumbing to the print ad.

It offers South Indian, Halal, and Sri Lankan cuisine at very reasonable prices. However, its main offerings are a large selection of dosa dishes. Our kind waiter spent a good two minutes describing the dosa dishes, only for us to skip it and go with the staples we normally order. The food took awhile to come out, but all dishes came out flavourful, with well-balanced spices. I instantly devoured the roti which I thought was the highlight for me. At that point, I would have given it 4 stars. However, having gone out to a few more Indian restaurants, I deemed it was only my satiated appetite speaking at the time and not a more discerning taste and judgment for the cuisine. In fact, I've had in many instances, a lot better roti elsewhere.

Nevertheless, it was a pleasant and satisfying experience for us, but will move on to try the myriad of other places serving similar cuisine, though I might change my mind if they come up with a tempting promo on their flyer again."
"Excellent service! The moment we stepped in, we were greeted by the friendliest man who seated us promptly and explained all of the specials.

I ordered the Chicken Tandori Tikka (13.95). I found it to be very juicy with the nice grilled flavouring that comes with Tandori Chicken. There was also a good deal of pepper and onion to add extra crunch and some tangy flavouring to the dish. The sauce that came with it kind of reminded me of a more tomatoey and less buttery form of butter chicken sauce.

The roti had a slight crispiness to it and a nice sweetness. The papadum was PERFECT though! It had a strong chick pea taste and a great level of saltiness. Only qualm would be that for the portion size, it's a tad on the small side for the price. Otherwise, was awesome!"
THESE GUYS ARE THE BEST! RAJ and KALIDAS let us into the place even though they were closing, and made us some truly incredible food. I couldn't recommend a place more highly. Go here and enjoy!
"A nice pleasant surprise with the decor here in this part of Fraser, it's not really well known but if you're in the area and need an above average, nicer place, this one is clean and up to modern specs.

Known for their dosas.

free parking easy in the front.

Also have another location in new west so figure must be more than decent, they've been here for over 3 years so that's a good sign."
"This spot doesn't look like much from the outside, but the space inside is very clean, intimate and cozy and the food is delicious, totally worth the wait.  They have an extensive menu and everything I've tried so far has been very flavourful.

The only thing I would pick on is that I wish they were a bit more consistent with the preparation of the food in terms of saltiness and oiliness.  ie. I ordered the lamb biryani and dahl, a couple of weeks ago and it was so delicious. Tonight was very good as well, but the biryani was saltier and oilier and the dahl was much saltier.

I guess the other thing I would have to pick on is their business hours. I've intended to go several times, but they were not open, although their hours of operation states that they should be open.

Best to call before heading over to make sure they're open."
After spending some time travelling Sri Lanka, I feel in love with the countries food. Too me its almost a fusion of Indian, Thai, and Caribbean cuisine.... Sri Lankan food is probably some of the most delicious I've ever tried. After arriving home i was in search for some local sri lankan food and after stumbling upon Noorumahal i was not disappointed. Make sure you try the kohtu roti....its like a sri lankan stiry fry using deliciously cooked strips of roti....just delicious! The string hoppers are also a favorite!
I love a block away from this place and it took me almost a year to try it, doesn't look very appetizing from outside, when I finally try it was a pleasant surprise! Tasty , good price and service . The mild it's already spicy watch for that.
"We ordered chicken dosa & beef kurma. The beef kurma came w papadum, roti & rice. For 2 of us we were more than full. The dishes were not exactly Indian cos they have Singaporean & Sri Lankan influences. These made the flavours more ""rounded"" to my taste & very very delicious & satisfying. We chatted w another couple next to us & they really loved their food too. 

Our waitress was warm & welcoming. She also told us which dishes came w the extras of papadum, roti & rice & which did not. Nice of her. 
 
I think if u like Indian or Thai, u should definitely try this one. I recommend this resto & would go back any time."
"Always good and have been for the last 15 years I have been going here. Always be sure to ask for ""extra filling"" in your dosa. Delivery or take out is best, as eating in takes FOREVER. House of Dosas on Kingsway may have better food, but one time when they delivered food to our house, we had a weird, creepy experience, so we won't be going back there."
Been here many times. Inexpensive, good service. Always friendly. Food a bit on the greasy side, but hits the spot. Go here for cheap Indian eats on Fraser!
The String Hoppers and Sambal were amazing, and I've never had better Sambar elsewhere. Service is friendly. Can't wait to be back :D!
"Strong Indian takeout, and pleasant to eat-in although quiet most times. You can order online or phone, I've tried both and my order is always correct. 

This place specializes in dosas, but I tend to like the curries and I find them to be just as flavourful. I love roti, like really love roti, and theirs holds up well even reheating the next day to go with my leftover curries. 

I discovered the chicken kurma this week, and it was delicious - a little bit less hot than the curry which was a nice alternative to the searing heat if you are looking for a couple of dishes to order. I love the beef curry, good meat quality, great flavour, and nice and thick.
I order medium heat - and that's all I can take, and be warned, your mouth will be searing !
The value is great, about $10 for most dishes and they come with roti, rice and papadums - I usually get two meals out of it if I order an extra side of roti. 

The only downside is their pakoras are sorely lacking, doughy and not flavourful at all (and served with ketchup - really??). Loses a star for this one.

But the rest is great and a regular favourite takeout!"
"Nooru Mahal Restaurant (南印度及巴基斯坦風味餐廳)

Nooru Mahal Restaurant是溫哥華一家經營已有20年以上的南亞餐廳，主要的餐點包括南印度和巴基斯坦兩地美食，而最特別是連新加坡的料理也有供應，相信食肆的老闆曾經居住或在新加坡工作過吧！由於南印度和巴基斯坦兩地食物的調味較北印度辛辣，所以提醒怕吃辣的各位在落單時記住要求「微辣mild」為上。

餐廳的菜單包括南印度、巴基斯坦和新加坡的料理，而主打的招牌菜是印度捲餅，這裡的Dosa選擇非常多，有葷有素。Dosa是一種用米和扁豆麵糊放在熱鐵板上烤捲成的煎餅，跟法式可麗餅crepes的做法很相似，只不過印度版的尺寸大很多，而且中間會加入不同的印度鹹食饀料。Dosa在斯里蘭卡也很普遍，可以當成早餐或晚餐吃，也是街頭美食之一，但以印度南部省份的泰米爾納度（Tamil Nadu）最著名，其他有印度種族的國家，例如馬來西亞和新加坡也有Dosa，但名字則稱為Thosai。

Chicken Mattar Alu Dosa $8.95 (4/5分)
饀料是青豆薯仔咖喱雞，這裡的餡料比別家多，吃起來無餡料的地方捲餅皮很香脆，有餡料的地方給浸泡過比較稔。由於Dosa是即叫即做，每次只能做一份，即使同時落單亦會分先後上桌，我建議大家切勿等齊才吃，先上桌的要即刻起動，否則肯定吃不到香脆的餅皮

Dosa附來的兩種蘸醬中，綠色的帶有薄荷，而我比較喜歡黃色帶有椰蓉的一種。另外隨餐還有一小杯Sambar辣湯，喝起來有點像加辣羅宋湯

Beef Curry $12.95 (4/5分)
每份咖喱餐都附有 rice, roti, papadam 和raita，牛肉份量很多，咖哩十分香濃，可選擇微、中、勁三種辣度。我要了微辣，起初沒有感覺，其後越吃越辣，但對我來說還可以接受。"
Food here is one of the best Indian foods but for the last week no one has been there. When you call, there is answering machine to leave a message but says nothing about them being closed. I walked by the restaurant and its been closed without any notice on the door. Not sure if they are open anymore.
"First, order mild. Even this made my face sweat. If you think you can take it, order medium, but get extra papadums, roti, whatever, to spoon that raita into your mouth. 

Food is tasty. Lamb kurma is sensational and beef curry has better cuts of beef than many Indian places. Not much fatty meat with this place.

If you can find it, pour a glass of Jam Jar (sweet Shiraz). It may be the only wine that doesn't make the spicy lip sting worse."
Fantastic food and service! We've been coming here only a few months and it's a new favourite. Handy that it's close to where we live. I'm surprised it isn't rated higher, I'm going again TONIGHT!
"Cozy little restaurant. Nice decor. Warm atmosphere. Bollywood music videos playing on TV, but not loud.

Saw the pic of the Chicken Tikka Masala from another Yelp reviewer. Looks Delicious,so that is what I ordered. 

Wow, just Wow the Tikka Masala. One of the best Indian dishes I ever had. Comes with rice, roti, sour cream & a spicy sauce.

The chunks of chicken seasoned just right mixed with bell peppers and red onions all grilled just right.

Kudos to the chef & the friendly waiter."
"Solid Indian take out.  

Starving with an empty fridge, I discovered this place on www.just-eat.ca.  Ordered the Vegetarian Samosas, Butter Chicken, and Palak Paneer. I was quoted online that it would be ready to pick up in 25 minutes, but just 10 minutes later I got a call telling me it was ready.  Luckily I was just a 5 minute walk away.  

The first thing I noticed when I picked up the food was the quantity - for $29 the bag was stuffed pretty full.  The meals came with rice AND roti AND poppadoms - so don't make the mistake of ordering those sides separately (I almost did). Samosas were nothing special but nonetheless very good.  Butter chicken was really tasty. Palak paneer was a bit disappointing (pretty sure the spinach was frozen). Regardless, I wouldn't hesitate to order from here again - just skip the spinach next time."
Loved the Vegetarian Eggplant Curry and the Lamb Curry. We also had been searching for authentic string hoppers. You can tell the food is fresh made to order, as it does take more time to make, and the flavors show. Each curry is distinct and I cannot wait to try different one next time. The fresh Sambal is a must!
Ordered their deep fried fish ball which was spicy but super delicious. Also had one of the vegetarian dosas, the one with Peas and Potatoes. I think it's called, Matar Aloo? The crepe came out well seasoned and crispy, and the curry was well balanced between sauce, pea and potato. Overall, it was generous in portion and tasty. Just wish that service was a little faster next time.
"If you're looking for the straight up Indian food you will probably be disappointed in this place because this place serves up Sri Lankan food. I think people do a disservice to this place because they come in wanting the same butter chicken as all the other places on Main/Fraser. 
Highlight: Sri Lankan food is NOT Indian food. Do yourself a favour and try of their Sri Lankan specialties and get it spicy- (I asked for medium because I expected it to be serious- sri-lankan-hot that I was familiar with in Toronto- it's not- or maybe the lady didn't trust me with that kind of heat : p )

The food and service here is good. That being said, They split their menu to much between different regional cuisines and, therefore, I believe the overall quality suffers."
Not bad at all! The chicken wings are yum. The satay and dried noodles were boring, the chicken rice with ginger was delicious.
"This restaurant opened 2 or 3 weeks ago, and it is one of the rare Malaysian restaurants in northern Burnaby. The interior is modern and clean. We were seated quickly, and the first thing I noticed was that the tables are like school desks, which have a platform underneath to put your belongings. This also means your feet have limited range of movement, which was a bit irritating.

We arrived with only 3 other parties in the restaurant and by 6pm, the place was completely full with the early dinner rush of families with little kids. The wait time for our food was around 30 minutes. My thoughts on the food:

1. Roti canai - With Malaysian food, the roti canai is usually what makes me come back to the restaurant. I'm pretty sure the roti are the same kind I buy from Superstore, because of their uniformity and perfect shape. The dipping sauce was above average. I would have preferred a stronger, more flavorful sauce, but it was still good. However, knowing that they are just bought from a store and heated in the restaurant, I will probably pass on this item in the future.

2. Chicken wings - My second favorite dish. The order came with 4 chicken wings, but it included the entire wing with the drum, wing, and wing tip. The wings had a very basic batter on them, and were deep fried. The dip is a lemon/sugar/garlic sauce that has the consistency of water. Other places have a variant of this sauce that is very lemony, or peppery. The dip here leans more towards sugary/garlic flavor. I really liked it over the lemon/peppery versions. I will be ordering this again in the future.

3. Haianese chicken laksa - This was my favorite dish. The portion size was a good value, and it was quite delicious with a mild spice kick. Spice level was moderate....nothing particularly strong or overpowering, and the spice leaves the tongue after 2 minutes or so. It may not suit those who love spice, but given that this area is primarily Italians, it's probably a good idea not to make the spice too strong to appeal to a wider range of customers. Chicken was tender, and the broth was rich. You get a choice of egg noodle or vermicelli.

4. Pineapple fried rice - A fairly basic dish. My 1 year old daughter loved it, which I am thankful for, since dinners are often a battle.

Customer service / friendliness - 4/5
Price / value - 4/5
Food quality - 4/5"
"I've been here a few times since they've open for dinner. I do suggest making reservation if you have more than 4 people as the place isn't big and yet you may need to wait during rush hour of dinner. 

They mee goreng is really good here with lots of flavours. The Haianese chicken sauce was really good but the chicken itself I would say beware of it having bones on some of the pieces. The rice for this is ok and it does come with soup. Their roti is really good cause i can taste the fat they use to pan fry it in. Everything else on the menu is good and at a reasonable price. 

The place is really like a Singaporean/ Malaysian restaurant. The tables and feel of the place is really casual. The owner of the place even has a room in the restaurant for her baby to sleep/play in. It's very homie while a little baby boy may be running around the place. I do warn you all about the tables there. When you sit down make sure you don't hit your shin because the design of the table doesn't allow you to comfortably put your legs under. 

They are lucky that in the area there really isn't much competition. They are also on skip the dish. So, delivery is available for people who choose to eat this at home. But I do have to say it's good to have a good haianese chicken place close to home."
Nice spot. New restaurant open this year. Did a takeout on the chicken and beef satays, Singaporean laksa and Hainanese chicken rice and sambal beans. The food was  ok! Loved the sambal and hainanese for sure. Wish the satays were a bit more tender and the sauce didn't have a familiar umph- born and raised with Malaysian cuisine so it was not the best  but it definitely do for later dining hours
"Went for the first time last night.  Very nice couple running the place. Portions were generous. I have spent many years married to a Malaysian and have been there many times so I jumped at the chance to go to a new place. 

First up roti chanai. The roti was nicely cooked flakey and delicious. The dip coup use some more depth of flavour. Thus tasted like Baba's curry powder.

Second chicken and beef satay. Peanut sauce was decent but not great. The meat was nicely cooked and the chicken had alot of meet on it. The marinade on the beef had more lemon grass so I enjoyed it more.

Curry laksa, hainanese chicken.  The noodles, sprouts and fish bar were good. The soup was too thin and lacked the depth of flavours I crave, no sense of a bouille base with dried prawn flavours.  A lot of chicken, but it was all dark meat so my daughter was disappointed.

Char kway teow.
A Singapore style, less dark sweet dot.  Tasted good but more like char hor fan than char kway teow. I ate it all.

Wishing them good luck in their new venture. 10 % off for the first month."
I've been wanting to try out this new place. The decor is very modern and light. The staff was very welcoming and attentive. We ordered the roti canai, chicken/beef satay, seafood curry and Steamed veggies as an add on item. Everything was tasty though I was disappointed that the steamed veggies ended up being kai lan (not my favorite veggie but it was my fault for not asking what it was going to be before ordering). You don't get a generous amount of seafood (1 mussel, 1 fish ball, shrimp,  potatoes, scallop?) in the curry but I'm not complaining since I'm not a big seafood eater. What we ordered was enough for my gf and me to share lunch. I would like to come back to try the Char Kwee Teow since it's my favorite Malaysian dish. Next time I'll remember to post pics as well.
Newly opened restaurant in the Burnaby heights area that serves some pretty good variety of Malaysian eats.  The dishes there range from laksa, curries, pinapple fried rice, Hainanese chicken, roti canai, satay skewers and more. The portions and prices are pretty good! The Hainanese chicken set was $9.95 and came with the chicken, rice, and soup.  For lunch they also have lunch add ons if you want a little something extra to add to your meal. Taste was relative to many of the main stream Malaysian restaurants. One of my favorite so far is the beef curry. Their curry is more liquidy but is full of flavour and had just the right amount of spiciness - it was perfect with the white rice. I came here a little past lunch hour and the place was relatively quiet but the server was very attentive and friendly. Only thing I would suggest is if you plan to use the yelp check in discount to check the bill again cause even though you check in at the counter and show them they tend to forget to apply it to the bill. Overall, not bad for a Malaysian restaurant in this area!
This little place is full of warm lighting, furniture and a comforting aroma of hainanese chicken. It is a perfect addition to the neighbourhood and Burnaby had been lacking malaysian, Singaporean food. Now I don't need to trek all the way to Richmond for some quality food.
"Didn't enjoy. Not sure if it was the dishes we tired or the cuisine. Although I enjoy Thai and lots of other ""Asian"" cuisines."
"This new family-run Malaysian restaurant is clean, bright and spacious.  There is also plenty of parking around.

As for the food, few dishes were ordered including satay, roti canai, hainanese chicken, mee goreng and deep fried banana & ice cream.  Among the dishes, I enjoyed mee goreng the most because it was fried with enough 'wok hei' (heat).  However, all the sauces need work (eg. Satay peanut sauce, curry for the roti).  The deep fried banana and ice cream is a treat but I wish there's a choice of mango or coconut ice cream.  Nevertheless, as good Malaysian food is hard to come by in the lower mainland, I hope to see improvements the next time I visit."
"Thought we'd try out the new kid on the block.  Nice to have a Malaysian restaurant in North Burnaby.  For lunch we ordered the roti canai $5.95, chicken wings $7.50 and Mee Goreng $11.50.  Overall the food was good.  Service was fast and friendly.   Didn't like the tables which had a shelf under it and no room for the legs.  They will see about that problem hopefully....good place for the purse though!. They were previously in Richmond for 7 years prior but their lease ran out and ""Richmond is too competitive"".  Wish them all the best!  Will return another day!"
"Very clean and spacious inside. Nice variety to menu. Service during lunch was fast and efficient.
Prices are pretty decent. The noodle soup is very large portioned. Chicken wings were huge. Roti canai is a bit small for the price, but nice and crispy. The Hainese chicken meal was decent."
"Green & Oak is one of the newer Malaysian restaurants in town and situated just east of Boundary Road on Hastings Street. We arrived in mid-April (right before they were set to temporarily close down for some kitchen renovations) for a late lunch/early dinner and were fortunate that they were still offering their special lunch add-on menu (where you can order smaller versions of their appies).

The interior of this restaurant is spacious and there's plenty of light coming in from the large windows.

With the special lunch-time add-on menu, we were able to try a lot of different items: Chicken and Beef Satay ($2.95 for 2 skewers), Chicken Wings ($3.75), Fish Cakes ($3.75), and Roti Canai ($2.95).

We also ordered the Hainanese Chicken Set Meal ($9.95) which comes with minced ginger and a spicy dipping sauce along with chicken rice.

The satay was accompanied with a peanut dipping sauce. I found that the chicken was much better than the beef (which was drier and a bit chewy).

The fish cakes had a paper-thin crisp exterior which encased the plump fish patty but it seemed to lack any fish flavour. Meanwhile, the roti had thin and flaky layers and a curry dipping sauce.

The 2 full chicken wings (tips intact) were crispy and accompanied with a tart dipping sauce. Not on the level of chicken wings that you'd find at Phnom Penh (but few are).

Last up was the Beef Curry ($9.95) which was served with a bowl of rice. The mostly tender chunks of beef and large pieces of potato were swimming in a delicious curry sauce. You definitely need the rice to sop up that curry sauce.

We revisited three months later during National Ice Cream Day and ordered the Milo Godzilla ($5.25) - given how hot it was outside, this was a really good choice. For those of you unfamiliar, Milo is a chocolate malt beverage. This ""Godzilla"" version is iced and topped off with ice cream that's been dusted with undissolved Milo powder.

We again ordered a bunch of items from their lunch add-on menu... the Spring Rolls ($3), Roti ($2.95), and the Chicken Satay ($3.50). Again, these add-on items are perfect for trying out a bunch of different items.

For our mains, we stuck with the Char Kuey Teow ($12.50) and the Hainanese Chicken Set Meal ($10.95).

Overall, the food was rather good. They also have a shelf under the tables where you can put your bags (although I kept hitting my leg against it)."
"Interior is super cute and servers were nice, still new but nice. The food was okay, nothing special. The laksa was not good, as if there was no coconut milk and the flavor was more salty. The veggies in shrimp sauce were yummy! Spring rolls were average, i could probably get the same ones at costco. And the roti was okay, once again nothing special. The drinks we had however were quite yummy! Wouldnt go out of my way for this place,
But the prices are on point so if in the area and craving SEA food id go back."
This is probably my favorite Malaysian restaurant in town! The Laksa, hainanese chicken, curry, chicken wings are must tries! Sooooooo good!
Excited to find a Malaysian restaurant in Burnaby Heights. Food was good, decor was awesome. Will be back!
Very nice restaurant , beautifully decorated and cozy, the foods are excellent and have many choices , recommend to try .
Love this place! Great friendly service. Food came quick and tasted fresh! Very nice and clean inside. Will definitely be back :)
First time here, the first impression on the restaurant setting was perfect, cozy and quiet. The staff was super nice and the food tastes amazing. Would definitely come back with friends! Only thing i may wanna change abt this store is the table. The tables here has another flat surface underneath the tabletop for customers to keep their belongings. However this design rly limits the leg room of each booth.
This is a nice Malaysian restaurant right by the Heights. The decor is simple and cute and clean! The food is also very good, the chicken rice is amazing. I've had better Hainanese chicken elsewhere, but this is still very good! I will definitely be back, cute space and good food.
I had high hopes for this place since it was close enough to my house, however, was a little disappointed. I had the veggie fried rice which was okay, however, a little too greasy even by fried rice standards. I've had a lot of fried rice so I have some comparison on. I had the barley juice, first time and found it is interesting. Prices are cheap. The customer service was good. The food was a little slow coming and food sub par, hence the average rating but overall it was decent.
"Came for a visit, entirely thrilled with a new Hainanese chicken spot...  but have to say, the chicken was good (portions smaller than most) and the rest of the items we tried were a disappointment. Three stars for: decor, chicken and the concept. 
The rice was too soft, like food court quality. The skewers I was not fond of but the house made peanut sauce was tasty, laksa was a miss as well... but most importantly service could definitely be improved. The server cannot come over and start clearing plates when your customer is still eating a bowl of rice, second the server should never bring the bill and stand right there waiting to collect the $. Should always give customers a chance to review, think and settle however they wish."
I personally enjoy their Curry beef rice, their beef are beef brisket and you can add $1 to substitute their Jasmin white rice to Chicken Yellow Rice. Which I love having chicken yellow rice with Curry. Also their chicken wings are the my favourite side dish. It comes with a lemon dipping sauce which brings out the flavour of the deep fried chicken wings. I will definitely come back for more other dishes especially the pan fried Chow Guey Teow and Mee Goreng !! A Great Malaysian cusinine added to the north Burnaby neighbourhood
"For a new business - this is phenomenal! There's a nice cosy feeling the moment you walk in, and you're greeted with a nice warm wood tone that is consistent across all their furnishing. 

The menu is simple and I was very glad that there wasn't too large of a selection to go through. My dining partner and I settled for the pineapple fried rice and a vegetable and tofu curry. The portions are good and taste delicious as well! However, I found the curry and rice ratio to be disproportionate so I also ordered another bowl of rice. The vegetables in the curry were quite unconventional! Brussel sprouts in a curry are unheard of for me, but I quite enjoyed it!

The service is prompt and while they're not attentive (I don't mind), they were quick to answer you if called for them. You can also definitely tell that Green & Oak is a family-run restaurant, considering when I went there was a small toddler running around and a backroom that seems to be for the toddler to nap in. While I don't mind it (it was too adorable), it may be a con for someone that wouldn't like to hear the occasional footsteps of a toddler."
The foods are great, with great services, and the atmosphere is calm and great (just like went into a forest lol). It's a good place to spend an afternoon in!!!
"Went here this afternoon after finding this place on Yelp. There's not a lot of good Malaysian places around town and especially not a place that's as inviting and cozy as Green & Oak. I think they did really well in making it feel like home - the atmosphere was very calm and relaxing. It wasn't too busy (maybe due to Easter weekend), my friend and I ended up chatting for almost 2 hours and not once did staff attempt to rush us out. In fact, the owner even wiped our table down and told us to enjoy our tea after we had finished our meal. 

The food great! Definitely recommend the chicken wings - they were so good we ordered it twice! Also had the Meegoreng and roti which were both excellent. 

Overall great experience and will definitely be back!"
Great addition to the Heights . We had the Hainanese chicken and the Seafood Laksa soup.  The portions are super generous and Quality superb. I will definitely be back to try different dishes .
Tried a new restaurant in north Burnaby with my boyfriend. We order roti-canai , skewers for start...I had the beef curry, it's kind of yellow curry , very tasty! My boyfriend order the seafood laksa soup, the portions were generous. The staff was very attentive! I highly recommend this restaurant!!
"New restaurant with 10% off! We came here on a Thursday at 7ish and were seated immediately. There were 5 other tables seated.
Very nice family run restaurant. It sounds like the family speaks Cantonese.

Ambience & decor: simple and cute. It gives off a home vibe. There are approximately 5 - four seaters and 5 - two seaters, and about 6 bar seats.

Customer service: efficient and nice. As we were seated we were immediately asked if we want water, tea or other beverages. We asked for tea to start. They noticed we are sharing a noddle and proactively asked us if we wanted sharing bowls.

Kitchen service: We ordered a Haianese chicken laksa (with the chicken on the side) and Char Kuey Teow at 7:24pm. The CKT is ready at 7:38pm. The laksa is ready at 7:41pm.

Price, portion, taste: the alcoholic beverages are surprisingly reasonably priced. We got a bottle of Sapporo for $4.50. The CKT is too salty, lack the ""wok chi"", and lack the spice and sweetness that we are used to.
The laksa is tasty and large portion. The condiments  such as parsley, etc. are missing. The chicken is meaty, but it tasted more like the Chinese style blanched chicken rather than Haianese Chicken."
Great decor! It was a slow night because of the miserable weather. But I heard there was a new Malaysian restaurant near by so I though i would give it a go. As usual I over order just to try everything. The rice and noodle dishes  flavouring was good. But definitely missing the heat of the wok. The hainanese chicken was very moist and the tom yum soup was well flavoured.  I would skip the laska soup, I had better at aberdeen mall food court. The roti was ok but the sauce was cold, which didn't make any sense. The service was good but then again it wasn't a full house. All in all it was ok the food was ok for the price. The place is well lit and the parking is ok
"Was pretty good but rating as 3.5 stars for now.

Went for lunch and ordered the seafood laksa and tried to order the satay lunch add on but they ran out as apparently someone had ordered all their skewers the night before so they didn't have time to make any more.

I wasn't sure if I ordered the right thing (as the soup looked almost like Thai Tom yum soup).  It wasn't that thick and coconutty, but it was yummy.  When you order they give you a choice of noodles: vermicelli, egg noodle or rice noodles.  I chose rice
Noodle not realizinfki

Ordered chicken wing add on instead."
"Lunch Review

It's great to see that they offer a variety of dishes so sharing with a group is a good way to try a bit of everything, in our case, a family of 7

My in-laws are from Malaysia so I was glad they enjoyed the food at Green and Oak

The Roti was a bit pricey per piece but it wasn't oily like other places I've tried

The Laksa we ordered was with chicken, and vermicelli noodles. The soup was tasty with a good balance of heat, curry, lemongrass and coconut. There were tofu puffs, boiled egg, bean sprouts, fish balls and a lime wedge. Next time, I would ask for cilantro to tie in all the flavors! 

Hainanese chicken with Yellow Chicken Rice
I think this is a must try dish, the chicken was tender, boneless and full of flavor. 

Singapore Style Vermicelli was fried very nicely, it wasn't too oily and it had a good curry 

The Mee Goreng was on the oily side but the noodles were al dente 

The Banana Boat is basically deep fried banana served with ice cream on the side (you get a choice of Vanilla, Strawberry, Chocolate ice cream) It would be nice if they had more exotic ice cream flavors or toppings to go with this dessert. But $4.95 for dessert is pretty good! 

Overall, the service was great, prices are fair, and adding Malaysian cuisine to the neighbor is for sure a good move!

#MustTryHainaneseChickenandRice"
"We tried a fair bit of dishes during lunch. I love that you can add on appetizers at a reduced price during lunch. Sometimes you just want a little bit extra to add to your mains but without having to order the full portion. 

We ordered the laksa, chicken rice and added on the satay and chicken wings. 

Laksa was ok, taste was a bit bland as it lacked the spices (not spicy spices but the spices which gave laksa its taste).

The chicken rice was not too bad, I still did not get how the rice was yellow from the chicken fat (I was told it was from the chicken itself), maybe it was kampong chicken? 

The fried chicken wings were nice but nothing memorable, same for the satay. After so many weeks, I could not really recall the exact taste, so yeah, definitely not a place that would pop into my mind if I am asked to recommend a place for decent Malaysian food. 

Great service though and the place is nice too."
"Almost two years has past since I went when they first opened. Back then it was promising but had a long ways to go as it really felt like just your everyday home cooking. Never really felt the urge to come back as there was always something else to try

Not sure if they have changed owners since but went recently and they've learned a lot and it showed! Busy on an ugly rainy Friday night.

I remember in the past being intrigued cause they offered some different dishes and flavours than the standard Malaysian and they still do with notch up in the execution and presentation. After a couple years I'm sure you learn about getting people through the doors. Glad they are still around!

Food wise was good, a spicy noodle dish stood out for me where it wasn't hot spicy but still a good kick. Quite yummy. I also look for hainanese chicken and it was well prepared and cooked here but was still missing a certain distinctive flavour that might not be possible to achieve easily here depending where you source the chicken from.

Glad I came back, gotta go through their Laksa next time!"
7 of us for 6:30.  We didn't require a reservation.   The restaurant filled up around 7:00.  I had the beef curry, chicken satay and vegetables with garlic.  All of the selections chosen by others in the group were very tasty.  The service was excellent.   There is parking out back and street parking out front.
"Chicken rice quality has dropped quite a bit.
They should have dark soy sauce with it (as per tradition)"
"This place was great! My friend and I went on a Saturday evening (no reservation). We were quickly seated and had our orders placed. The roti-canai was so good we ordered another to share. 
We shared the pan fried veggies in garlic sauce as well as the Char Kuey Teow, but honestly I probably could have ate the majority of those dishes myself because they were so delicious. 
The waitresses were attentive event with a packed house and the prices were reasonable. Will definitely be going back again."
"Had some serious cravings for Hainanese Chicken & these guys never disappoint. While this chicken is on the pricey side ($22.50 for half chicken + 2 yellow rice + 2 sample soups) for the portion, the taste is spot on! So I splurg once in awhile.The yellow rice it came with was rich with flavour and could almost be eaten alone! 

Good portion for the noodles relative to the price. My husband enjoyed this very much and said it was flavourful.

Roti Canal has a perfect balance of crispy on the ourside & soft on the inside - made even better with the curry dip! 

Not my first time here and definitely not my last!"
"Tuesday night, 8p, no wait. We both got the seafood laksa, an order of the roti canai, & I had the lychee soda. 

Lychee soda hit the spot! It wasn't overly sweetened, so it was really refreshing. The roti canai was also very good. Laksa flavor was good, but the noodles didn't really absorb it, so it tasted a little imbalanced. BUT, it was chock fill of seafood, so overall, still 4 stars. Service was pretty awesome, too!"
"Dropped by on a Friday night around 6:30pm and there were a couple of large groups and about 3 tables of pairs. We received a friendly welcome and were seated at a cute wooden table and instantly discovered the ""shin hitting"" issue. Not sure if this issue exists with the large tables but yes, if you are a taller person you should take extra caution when sitting down! 

We ordered 6 skewers to share and ordered a mee goreng and a hainese chicken for our mains. Skewer seasoning on its own was great, but the peanut/satay sauce was also delicious. Felt it was a tiny bit heavy on the peanut side but it worked well with the skewers. My partner's mee goreng was more on the spicy side but he thought it tasted pretty good. 
I'm not able to eat foods with a lot of heat so I asked our server (young girl) what she would suggest between the curry and the laksa and she said the curry is actually spicier than the laksa. Elated, I finally tried laksa for my first time ever and I really liked it! A small kick of spice with a flavourful soup base. Not as a spicy as the Deer Garden laksa, from what I'm told. The hainese chicken was a bit hidden amongst the laksa soup, but texture-wise was pretty spot on. I did see another couple order a large hainese chicken on it's own and so I might try that next time to really try it for the flavour. 

It's very mom and pop feel and casual dining like which is nice for the Heights neighbourhood. Parking is easy on Hastings and they also have a parking lot in the back (entrance off Boundary I believe). I will be adding this to my list of restaurants to return to!"
"""want real Malaysian food? your only hope is to marry a Malaysian girl whose mother or father can cook."" 

i've been told this a few times -- by MALAYSIANS! with each new restaurant, i hope to prove them wrong, but sadly i'm still looking ... for a Malaysian girl whose parents can cook, lol.

straight up: been here a couple of times, and Green & Oak is pretty OK. the menu has most of the expected ""standards"" (just don't expect Fish Head Curry, etc.); the decor and ambiance are nice; and the staff are friendly and efficient. however, it's NOT authentic Malaysian -- it's ""Hong Kong-style Malaysian.""

the head chef is from Hong Kong, but for me that's not a biggie -- using the correct spices and treatments are. the curries here are the milder HK-style vs. the spicier, punchier Malaysian. while the Hainanese Chicken Rice is acceptable, it won't make you dream of chicken and rice and fragrant oils and spices the way that HCR in Malacca will. satays are fine, but there is no difference between what you'd find in any HK-style joint in town. the Penang Tofu is in name only. 

and what up with no Teh Tarik or White Coffee? it's like going to an Italian restaurant and not being able to get an espresso. (Green & Oak are not alone in this oversight, though!)"
"We wanted to go for Malaysian and randomly found Green & Oak Malaysian Restaurant in our search. They're a few doors down from Baci Ristorante.

We've been twice now. The inside is modern and new; lots of nice touches and there's room for about 40 people. Service is friendly and prompt; they came by several times to refill our teas and water.

The menu is split into appetizers, signature dishes (Hainanese chicken and Malaysian curry rice), from the wok and noodle soups (laksa and tom yum). You know I'm always on the lookout for a good laksa.

Trip #1
We dropped in on a Sunday evening (around 7:00pm) for dinner. The place was about half full. 
- Roti canai ($5.95) - came with a side of curry dipping sauce. Their roti canai seemed slightly denser, less flaky than others. Coconut curry sauce is the same as the one you get with their curry rice dishes. Okay but would have liked more coconut flavour.
- Hainanese chicken set meal ($11.50) -  the set came with soup, yellow chicken rice and a red chili and ginger dipping sauce. Chicken was tender and moist. Rice was standard but have had better elsewhere in town. Winter melon soup was light and homey. Both sauces were excellent.
- Beef curry on rice ($11.50) - this came with a side of steamed rice. For the price, you don't get a lot of beef pieces. Maybe half a dozen? At least the beef was tasty and tender.
- Seafood laksa ($13.95) - curry based with tofu, bean sprouts, egg, lemongrass, lime juice and coconut milk. We opted for the mixed noodles (vermicelli, egg noodle and rice noodles). The broth looked and tasted slightly watered down but there was a subtle kick, ending note. Homey but it won't blow you away. There was a good mix of seafood; shrimps, bass, a fish ball and a few mini scallops.  
- Belachan fried rice ($12.95) - fried rice with dried shrimp, chili pepper, pork, shrimp egg and soya sauce. Good wok hay.

Trip #2
We dropped in on a Saturday for lunch (around 12:15pm).
- Hainanese chicken set meal ($11.50) - we got the Hainanese chicken again. Not the best in town but serviceable.
- Singapore style vermicelli ($12.95) - pan fried thin rice noodle with shrimp, BBQ pork, bean sprout, red pepper, egg, onion and curry sauce. Didn't detect much heat, if any, to this. Standard fare.
- Beef laksa ($11.50) - beef chunks weren't great. Dry and B thought they were freezer burned. Broth was okay but lacked depth; again, it seemed watered down.
- Curry seafood fried rice ($12.95) - fried rice with scallop, shrimp, fish, egg, chili, vegetable and curry sauce. This was our favourite dish of our meal. Seems like their fried rices are consistently good; balanced flavours and good mix of seafood.

Everything was enjoyable but I'm still on the hunt for a laksa that will impress. 3.5 stars."
"I wasn't able to do a review the first time I came here. It was just one of those times where you've been to so many new places you just can't keep up and then you forget the experience. That wouldn't be a fair time to write a review in my opinion.

The second time I visited this place was for a co-worker's birthday. I was looking for the website and was surprised that this place doesn't have one. They do, however, have a Facebook page and I was able to book a lunch reservation for 4 people on the same day at 11 am. I made my reservation through FB messenger. It was so convenient. I get a fairly quick response. We were also allowed to bring a cake. The cake wasn't cut for us but they took it off the box and gave us cake cutter, small plates and dessert forks.

Unlike some other reviews, I find the service here is fairly fast and friendly. I ordered the Hainanese Chicken with Yellow Rice. I know this dish takes a while to prepare and I was told it would take 10-15 minutes. I didn't mind the wait. I love the Hainanese Chicken specially the Yellow Rice it comes with. The rice is so flavourful I could just have the rice by itself. The Roti-canal is so fresh and grilled to perfection. It's so buttery to the taste and the curry dipping sauce it comes with is so smooth and tasty! The Roti-canal is also on special that day. It's $5.95 for 2 pieces of Roti but on special we only paid $3.

This restaurant has been opened for almost a year now if I remember correctly. The inside has been well maintained. It's super clean and comfy just like home. My vegetarian co-worker was very happy to find more than one vegetarian dishes. She was happy on how fresh the veggies and how tasty the curry sauce was from her Veggies & Tofu Malaysian Curry on Rice. Overall our experience from this restaurant was very good. We will definitely come back and try the other dishes. I would recommend this place if ever you're in the area."
"One of my favourite Malaysian restaurants and a hidden gem in Burnaby. The décor and restaurant is clean, food is good, and prices are affordable.

[Items Tried]

*MUST TRY* Half Hainanese Chicken with 2 Rice & Soup - $21.50 (4/5)
Taste: The chicken is fresh, cold, and delicious and well complimented by the yellow rice. This dish is simple, classic, and not too heavy and would recommend anyone to try this.
Portion Size: Good for 2 people.

Beef Curry Substituted with Roti Canai - $11.50 + $3.50 for subsitution (4/5)
Taste: The curry goes well with both the yellow rice and the roti canai. My favourite thing to do is either dip the roti in the curry or put a piece of beef on the roti to eat in one fluid bite. The roti is crispy, flaky, and not too doughy and the beef is fatty and tender.
Portion size: Good for 1 person

[Value for Money]
While the Malaysian food is probably not the best thing you've ever had, I would say that this restaurant does a pretty good job at providing good, quality food at a great price point."
"Found this place half by chance looking for a good Malay restaurant for a family gathering. Family is from Malaysia so we know what's good and everyone enjoyed the meal. The portions satisfied us and we had a huge mixture of many different dishes from the menu. 

They were able to accommodate a group of about 12+ of us at the back of the restaurant at a long table."
"Been waiting to eat here since I noticed that it was new. I've come here once. So this is solely based on first impressions. 

Walking in the interior was clean and simple like an IKEA magazine. After seating and receiving out tea we browsing the menu. I honestly can't say it's authentic since I've never been to Malaysia and/or Singapore. But the menu had familiar dishes such as curries, laksas, skewers, and Hainanese chicken. 

We ordered the  beef curry with rice, the mee gorrang, a roti canai  and a half Hainanese chicken. 

The Hainanese chicken is served cold-ish and boneless (bonus!!! For lazy people like me) with a side of grated ginger and sweet chili sauce. (4.5/5) Would definitely order it again with extra ginger sauce. The set came with yellow chicken rice, which was tasty as it should be. And a bowl of ""chicken broth"". I use the quotations because to me, it tasted like a vegetable soup with very little chicken flavour. 

The beef curry was good. The curry sauce was delicious.  The beef was okay. Maybe the chicken would have been better, or my expectations were a bit too high due to the beef not being as tender as I hoped for.  (3.75/5)

The mee gorrang was simple. It was good with the mix of tofu bean sprouts and shrimp, but flavour wise it was pretty lack luster. The noodles I thought were definitely on the spaghetti side. Again I haven't had it in too many places, and maybe this is how it's supposed to be. (3.5/5)

The roti canai came with the same kind of curry sauce as beef curry we ordered which I loved! It was fluffy and crispy. (5/5)

They had opened in January of 2018, as most new business there will always be kinks and problems in the works. It seems that they are still training new front of house staff so be patient. Yes, the service may not be as attentive, but all you got to do is flag someone and ask. 

Would I come back? If I had a craving for some Hainanese chicken and roti, for sure! I'm going to have to try the other menu items but so far so good. Keep it up Green & Oak. And keep training your servers to keep a watchful eye on your customers needs."
A nice addition to the Burnaby Heights area! This Malaysian restaurant is priced well with a selection of appies, laksa, rice and noodle dishes and curry. I tried the hainanese chicken, seafood laksa, roti, fried tofu, and fish cake. The seafood laksa is a good size with pieces of fish, prawn, mussels, scallops and your choice of noodle (vermicelli, egg noodle, etc). Broth was tasty but would have liked more coconut milk! The hainanese chicken was flavoured well. I liked the roti and fried tofu but the fish cake was nothing too special - pan fried dace fish. This will be one of my new go to places for Malaysian food.
Had dinner here tonight with a very discerning Malay mother in law. Ordered roti canai which was served hot and crispy with very yummy sauce and chicken satay with a very tasty peanut sauce. Satay looks/tastes fried instead of grilled but yummy nevertheless. Also ordered chicken curry and a noodle dish both which were very tasty. The aforementioned mother in law ordered the hainese chicken combo that came with yellow rice and soup. Surprisingly all the chicken and half of the rice disappeared from her plate and even she agreed that the dish was tasty and juicy. Even better then the food however is the hard working family making the tasty dishes and serving them to the customers. Owner lady came by to check on our table at least three times to make sure we were happy and everything was tasting good. We will definitely be back to sample more of the menu.
Tasty good and bright clean inside. It's very important for me to enjoy my food and time . The food portion is just right, not too much. But if your stomach is big, need to order more. The appetizer and sides are delicious!
Tried this restaurant for the first time few weeks ago. We went there because of my sister's recommendation. We ordered laksa, roti and boneless chicken on rice. Food was not bad but I personally prefer laksa from Laksa King as it has more coconut milk and curry flavor. Service was good
"Great little place in the Heights neighborhood.  Noticeably clean. Was just there for lunch with the wife. We shared Roti Canai to start.  Very crisp, light and tasty even without dipping into the curry sauce. 

I ordered Beef Laksa soup and asked for no noodle option to go low carb.  Tasted outstanding with bits of fried tofu squares, fish balls, and veggies with a hint of curry. 

Wife ordered Tom Yum soup which I sneaked a spoonful.  Very brightly flavored and both soups tasted and looked fresh.   

Service and quick and courteous.  I would definitely comeback and try other menu items like their signature Hainan chicken.  This place offers Malaysian food that's very reasonable priced as you're not paying for fancy atmosphere, and it tastes just as good or better to those Indonesian/Malaysian places on West Broadway in Vancouver.  I highly recommend at least trying it once.  You might get hooked like me."
The Hainan Chicken rice is pretty authentic.  The rice is unique as it is mixed with turmeric to give it a yellow tinge.  The ambiance was casual and it was pretty full for dinner.  We did not eat in but did a take out instead. The food was well packed and kept well on the trip back.  We also tried their Lemon Honey drink which was somewhat unusual but soothing to the throat!
"the Chicken Rice was utterly amazing.
It's probably the Best Chicken Rice I've had outside of South East Asia.
The temperature of the chicken was perfect, as was the texture.
The rice was really good. 

The utensils (forks and spoons) did not match (that bugged me yes)

The Fried Chicken wings were AMAZING.

The Roti Canai was so so. Tasted a bit mass produced.
The Milo Godzilla was not so amazing. The Ribena Lime Soda was SOOOO good.

Char Kway Teow was split. Some thought it was good, others found it so so.

Over all, if you want to try the best Chicken Rice in town...here is the place."
"Got up with my friendo! Super nice

Chicken 8/10 the chicken is really soft and I like the sauces with it! I would have appreciated more sauce though! 

Satay mixed 8.5/10 - I liked the chicken ones the best because they were the softest! I liked being able to try everything. Pork was a little tough but beef was tougher."
"We stopped by for lunch over the weekend. We were seated right away. Menus and water were dropped off shortly. We ordered the roti canai, Hainanese chicken set meal, mee goreng, and lychee soda. 

Beverages arrived first followed by the chicken set and roti. A couple of customers who showed up after us received their food before the mee goreng arrived. That table had ordered a chicken set and laksa. While those customers were taking photos and eating their food, we heard the wok in the kitchen working and then finally the mee goreng arrived. 

The roti was flaky good. I liked how the curry dip was flavourful and not watered down. Lychee soda was solid and tasted it was made from the canned fruit as expected. The chicken set was decent. There was a good amount of chicken breast. The chicken meat was smooth and moist. I would have liked the rice to be a tad more greasy from the chicken oil. Also, this dish is traditionally served with cucumber slices but the restaurant did not have that option. The mee goreng was alright. It was a decent stir fry but I would have liked a bit more spiciness to the dish. 

Overall, I would rate this meal 3.5 stars. If you like Malaysian food, I think this is a good option for North Burnaby."
"Delicious Malaysian (not sure how authentic) restaurant in the Heights area. Looks like it has replaced the previous Mr. Chili.

Parking is available in the back, as well as along Hastings.

As of the time of writing (August 2019) there was a Crave The Heights promotional set menu. My buddy and I gave that a go.

Roti-canai - served with curry dipping sauce. Nice and fluffy and hot. Delicious.

Belachan fried rice - nice and flavourful, though a bit heavy on the soy (ie too salty).

Seafood laksa - nice and flavourful, though something is missing. My buddy and I think it may need a bit more coconut. Everything is cooked well but not overcooked. Seafood is reasonably fresh. Prawns, mussels, fish balls, and fish cakes were spotted.

Deep friend banana - served with ice cream and chocolate biscuit. The banana is ridiculously hot. Went down quite well.

Food is quite decent overall. Will be back at some point. Recommended."
"Green and Oak is located on Hastings and Boundary. They have parking at the back as well as street parking. I would love to say that I got something else this time but...no I went with my usual Tom Yum noodle soup with chicken again. It's never gone wrong so why switch now right? The Tom Yum soup here is different than the ones I've had before in that it's much more sour from the tomatoes so if you're not a fan of sour flavors, this isn't the menu item for you.

Brother deer decided to go with the Hainanese chicken. He said that the chicken was soft and tender but he could have done with more of it on the plate since there wasn't very much of it. The chicken broth it came with was light but flavorful and the turmeric rice could have done with less water because it was a little on the sticky side. Brother deer isn't a huge fan of using the ginger onion topping but he loved putting the hot sauce on the chicken."
Having been drawn in by their vegan-friendly menu, I was hoping to order a vegan laksa from here. But they informed that the laksa wouldn't taste good without shrimp paste or chicken broth, and advised me to order the tom yum noodle soup. So I did. And it sure was tasty. Great assortment of vegetables, tofu, and a rich yet unobtrusive, balanced broth. They put a bit of coconut milk in it, making it more like a tom kha soup. The lemongrass and garlic balance really makes this shine. Very reasonably priced (~$12 after tax) and a solid portion. I would definitely come back here.
This place serves genuine Malaysian food. Unlike some places that claims to serve Malaysian food but is actually Chinese food. The owner tries to use spices that r from Malaysia...
This place is definitely recommended if you want a quick weeknight meal in a casual setting. The restaurant is clean and spacious and the staff tentative.  My Husband and i came here and ordered the roti, Hainese chicken meal and skewers (min order of 6). Food came out timely and it was definitely comfort food.  For the price you get great value for your portions too.
Had a late lunch here the other day.  Was pretty quiet and fast polite service. I thought the price was okay and flavours reasonable though portions definitely on the small side. Returned for dinner a few days later and was a little surprised to see how packed full of people it was!  Food was similar, service okay, though the small portions certainly consistent and needs to be addressed.  Either decrease price to reflect portion size or increase the portion size to justify pricing of the fried noodles and fried rice dishes.  Soup noodle portion okay.  Curry rice portion also okay. If there were similar cuisine in the area I'd go there instead but they don't have much competition.
I always get their hainanese chicken set meal and it is always delicious! It's a satisfying meal at a good price. It comes with plenty of chicken, two types of sauces (ginger and chili), soup, and rice. The chicken is tender and the sauce adds a good kick and additional flavour. The roti is also good. Flaky and goes well with the curry dipping sauce. Service has always been good. Attentive, friendly, and food comes out pretty quickly.
Delicious!! Having pretty much eaten at every Malaysian restaurant I can find between Los Angeles and Vancouver I can honestly say this is one of my favorites. They have a beautiful interior and the dishes are authentic. My friend who has two kids can't bring them for meals out past 7 at night so I ordered carry out and brought it over to her house. After chatting away we finally got to eating by the time the food was lukewarm. Even in this state it was INCREDIBLE. That says a lot about the quality of the food here if my friends will eat it cold and not even need to microwave it because it's that good. For $76 to feed 4 hungry adults it was plenty and delicious. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vancouver!
"The takeout that we got for 4 was filling, comforting, and a great value.

For $82 (tax included), we got 2 Tom yum soups, a roti canai, a full Hainanese chicken plus rice for 4, and an Indomie Mee goreng, and we had leftovers!

All of the dishes tasted good, but weren't mindblowingly good. The Hainanese chicken was tender and juicy but could have used a bit more salt or flavour. The rice was super yellow but didn't have a strong chicken oil taste. The Indomie Mee goreng was flavourful but was not distinguished in any way. 

Nevertheless, it's a great dinner takeout spot for a group or a family if you live or work close by!"
"Food: Good. I had a Laksa with good curry flavor. Roti was nice but wish they gave more sauce. 

Service: Great. Very attentive and quick. Owner was very nice

Atmosphere: very clean and cute decor."
"I had dinner here Saturday night. When walking up to the place I was super shocked to see the mass of people gathered in front waiting for a table. It got me excited for some amazing tasting food! 

The set up is quite nice, friendly, well lit, comfortable and clean. Once we placed our order, that's when the ratings drop. It took half hour for the first drinks to arrive, then another 15 minutes for the second half of drinks to be served. When the first dish finally arrived, it was about 15-20 minutes between dishes. The food itself was delicious. The portions were small. I was a guest at this dinner so I didn't see the bill but a quick calculation in my mind it totalled a nice chunk of change for sure. 

There is plenty of street parking available. 

I would go back for the food but not the service. Perhaps I'll order take out next time. I'm still craving more of the green beans & eggplant dish."
"So I have been to Green & Oak Malaysian Restaurant once dine-in a while back and a takeout recently. To be honest, I almost forgot to write about Green & Oak as my friends and I came in once and had a terrible experience. We found hair in one of my friend's chicken order and the server almost spilled sauce on my other friend's shoulder! It was just a terrible situation, but I didn't want to write about it at the time because it may have been a one-off and they are forgivable. 

Then recently, a friend ordered take out for 7 people. We all shared a bunch of food and it was just soooo good! The noodles were amazing, and I had a bit of rice. It was very flavourful! I had a lot of eggplants and I absolutely LOVED it! We ordered 3 orders of Roti, of course!! It was new for some people in my group, but they ended up really liking it! You can never go wrong with Roti. So delicious with sauce!

I'll be back for takeout!"
It looks pretty cute from the outside and the interior is very clean looking with the wood furniture. The chairs were  comfortable and the server was very attentive but from afar which I appreciated. Always had tea in our cups as well. The beef in the curry was delicious. It ripped apart so easily and almost melted in my mouth. The curry was a bit bland with the rIce but delicious on its own. The deep fried banana with ice cream was a very good decision. I'm not much of a dessert fan right after a meal but I couldn't resist. I'm so glad we decided to go for it very last minute :) I want to try other things on their menu so I'll definitely go back!
I've been waiting for this place in my hood  to work out the kinks... Got take out tonight and i was impressed.  I have tried most of the popular Malaysian restaurants in Vancouver and richmond (i.e. cafe d'lite, all the chains of mui garden, tropika, banana leaf etc) through the years and can say the two dishes I had here were authentic and decent. The hainanese chicken was tasty- meaty, a nice gelatinous skin and flavored well. The accompanying rice was rich in chicken flavour and not overly greasy.  The Singapore curry vermicelli had an abundance of shrimp, pork and red pepper and a good strong curry flavor. Would go again to try the other dishes.
"Bright little spot in the Heights area. I love everything about this place!

The interior decor is very cheerful, with lots of warm wood tones and comfortable seating. 

The food is AMAZING! We tried the eggplant with green beans and the veggie fried trice. The green beans were perfectly crunchy, and offered a great contrast to the soft eggplant. 

The fried rice was very good, loaded with veggies. 

The paratha appetizer was good - more so for the dipping sauce than the paratha itself.

The mocktail section is pretty extensive, and fancy! 

All in all, happy we stumbled across this lovely gem."
Love this place! I was craving roti canai today. The roti here is flaky and soft. The curry dipping sauce delightful! I only wish they gave you a little bit more curry dipping sauce, I ran out! Note to self...ask for a double serving, 1 portion cup serving won't cut. I also ordered the veggie and tofu laksha. Yum! Creamy coconut broth with a little bit of kick. Loaded with veggies and noodles. I ordered the laksha with the mix noodles, I suggest you it order with the yellow noodles only. The vermicelli is nice but you need a bolder noodle to absorb that broth. Sorry no pics today, food was just too good and I was starving!
Coming from a Malaysian - the food is not the BEST in town but not bad. Roti tasted like the frozen ones from t&t, kway teow was not very good, fish cakes were not bad, but my fav dish would have to be the green beans and minced meat. We also did have to keep asking to get our waters filled even though the restaurant wasn't full. Not my first choice for Malaysian!
Try the seafood Laksa and get the Roti with curry dip. Best Roti in Burnaby! Love the vibe of the restaurant as well, great music and subtle lighting. We come here once a month or more(: GET THE BANANA ICE CREAM DESSERT AS WELL. Very yummy!
This is my favorite restaurant in Vancouver. Great food and good service in a pleasant environment. Their specials (e.g. lunch for 2 $25 or multi-course dinner for ~$30) let you sample some of the highlights of the menu, including rendang beef curry, carmelized onion and ginger fish, sambal green beans... Too many fantastic items to list. Don't forget to order some roti as an appetizer.
"Went here on Tuesday (July 14th) for my birthday dinner. My family and I enjoyed it here. Service was quick and friendly and the food was good although my parents didn't quite like the Singaporean laksa. (We asked to make it vegetarian). My mom had been to Singapore some years back and comparing the laksa she had here to the one she had in Singapore, she said the laksa here lacked something she couldn't pin down. Odd, though, since I'm reading reviews here raving about the laksa. Maybe we got the odd one out.

We all loved the rest of the dishes we ordered, though, and I have to say the pineapple fried rice is amazing! It had just the right sweetness and crunch from the pineapple chunks. We asked for a vegetarian version and were gladly accommodated. The roti canai was delicious as was the tofu goreng. We had to order two dishes of tofu goreng as it was just too good. Perfectly crisp on the outside and silky on the inside while the sauce was very flavourful.

Will be back again especially for the tofu goreng and the (vegetarian) pineapple fried rice."
"Stopped in here for lunch today.  Scored a primo table by the front window which was great!

Took a little while for my meal to arrive but it was worth it.  The lamb curry was delicious.  Most, flavorful and bite after bite of deliciousness!

Topped off with a Stanley Park Amber it was the perfect mid-day respite."
My favourite location out of the rest of them! I always take friends visiting from out of town here, if they're looking for some new cuisine to try. Best Singapore laksa I've had and the roti canai is amazing. This place is usually pretty busy, so make an appointment ahead of time for dinner. Service is great, they do the best they can at this busy location, but maybe they should have more servers on staff. The waiting time to get food is long, but the food is worth waiting for.
Love the beef curry and the malaysian laksa. The renovation is a bit outdated i feel but the food is good. Pretty loud in here also. But definitely one of the best thai / malaysian food joint in the city.
"Stopped by for dinner and glad we made reservations as there was a short line up.  We selected the 9 course tasting menu for $30 per person.  It is a good tasting menu that provides persons who may not have tasted Malaysian food, some great dishes.  We really enjoyed the roti, chicken satay, the samba green beans (not overly spiced) and the caramelized ginger sablefish.  Each dish had a unique flavour profile and I loved the smell of the garlic in the sablefish dish when they brought it out.  

The staff were very pleasant and attentive and the only negative (and I mean a slight negative) was that the rendang beef was overcooked.

This was a very positive food experience and I would recommend this restaurant..we will be coming back."
Amazing Take Away Experience! Incredibly fresh and flavourful. Lovely service as well.
"Banana Leaf is my go-to place for Malaysian food.  I love their Hainanese chicken, the char kuey teow, the laksa, and oh yes, the roti canai....like, if it wouldn't be super overkill I would eat everything with their roti canai and the sauce.  The only thing I'm not really a fan of is the dessert with all the different jelly things swimming around in it (forgot what it's called)

Another thing I like about their menu is that they have lunch specials that come out really fast if you're in a hurry Mon-Fri.  They're geared towards the doctor/nurse/admin crowd that fills up the place between 12 and 1 pm, but also perfect for regular student-people like me who are just really hungry!

Service is sometimes kind of spotty...if you get seated in the back it's hard to wave down someone, but usually someone eventually will come by for taking your order, getting your bill, etc."
"Banana Leaf is definitely my go-to when I'm craving Malaysian food! I've only been here during dinner hours, they're usually really busy and the restaurant is quite small so definitely make reservations ahead of time.

We usually celebrate birthdays here and order the 11 course tasting menu which includes a huge lobster tail! It's really filling as their portions a fairly large. One of my favourites is the deep fried banana with ice cream... So good! Their drinks are also really good! I recommend getting the Blue Hawaiian or the Mai Tai. 

Definitely would recommend coming here for large gatherings/events!"
"I came here for lunch with a few colleagues and was really looking forward to trying their lunch menu. They have a variety of dishes, around a dozen, between $12-14 for you to choose from. Not a bad price for sitdown lunch on Broadway.

I ordered the Hainanese boneless chicken with soup and the portion was quite large. The chicken soup had scallions and bits of deep fried garlic. I found the soup to be a bit oily and bland. The chicken was moist, cut into strips, with a sauce on top - something that I can't see too often. I liked the chicken with the accompanied minced ginger because by itself there was not enough flavor. The cucumber slices were a good touch. The rice had a deep yellow colour and had a good chicken flavour. 

I also got to try a bit of my colleague's roti canai and found it less light than other restaurants. The curry sauce was fine.

The restaurant was a bit noisy, quite busy with all the customers. Maybe I'll come again to try something new."
Fresh, yummy home-made Malaysian food. Delicious!
"You could never be disappointed by this Banana Leaf when it comes to food! 
Oh my god, do I ever love their ""abundance of seafood in gulai sauce"" plate!!!! Yum yum! The best thing you could eat there if you like the sea goodies! The curried sauce with coconut milk is amazing, I love pouring my rice in that bowl. It is just heaven!
The menu has great options, sometimes it is hard to decide what to get but most of the food I've tried is really good.
The papaya soup and the spring rolls are definitely a must try.
They also have a set menu for 2, it is a sample platter and allows you to try lots of different things (from appies to dessert) for a reasonable place.
Do not miss their deep fried bananas with ice cream, it is SO GOOD!!!.
Why I didn't give them 5 stars? I would definitely give it to the food,  unfortunately the service deserves a 3 to 4 stars rating. Reasons: we walked in to get our name on the list and about 4 different staff members walked by us without acknowledging us at least, they looked at us and looked away, we were standing there for good 15 min until finally the hostess came to ask our names.  It would be nice if when they see you, they say hi and maybe a ""someone will be right with you"", would have made a difference.
Also they brought our food separately, so for the time my food came, my fiance's food was kinda cold already.  It would be nice to get the entrees together so everyone could eat at the same time.
Should I also mention that it took 20 min to get a waiter to take our dessert order from the time we got the menu and another 20 min to get the actual dessert?
Other than that, 5 stars to Banana Leaf, good job in the kitchen!!!
The restaurant is always packed so my recommendation is to call ahead for reservations."
"In the area and needed a late lunch.  They have Happy Hour here at 3pm.  We always enjoy the food here.  Limited number of happy hour items, but enough to satisfy.

Calamari, roti canai, eggplant fries, and salad were good.

Parking was full in the back so had to pay for parking in the lot a few doors down the alley (it was rush hour so no parking in front)."
"It is always dangerous to go in with high expectations, and mine were set by my friend Bridget who loves love loves this place. Yay for her.

I grew up in Singapore, so from the get-go I have a different approach to Malaysian / Singaporean food. Something I always aim to try is roti canai, which many places advertise and typically ends up looking like the roti prata I remember from my youth, including that specific flavoured curry you get when you order roti prata / roti canai on its own.

The roti prata I had in Singapore and which my mom makes occasionally is never sweetened. Nevertheless I have had roti canai with sweet dough in Canada -- but nothing as sweet as what I got from Banana Leaf. You can eat this on its own as dessert except it comes steaming hot.
The curry was quite thick (easy to dip, therefore) and also very sweet. I think this really killed it for me -- a curry that was more sweet than curry flavoured, and with basically no spicy heat to it. Taste was coconutty, and maybe in an effort to make it vegetarian they took out the meat broth, which double-killed it for me--there is a curry specific to roti prata when ordered on its own, and this wasn't it.

Maybe they have carefully adjusted this menu item based on years of customer feedback, but I will never order it again from Banana Leaf: It is just too alien compared to the roti prata I remember fondly from my childhood and which is replicated more closely as ""roti canai"" at other places like Spoon Kitchen and Bo Laksa King's Bubbles and Bits (now just ""Laksa King"").

*

Malaysia Laksa Curry Mee ($13) was passable. Just don't count the toppings like I did. You get about 1 cup's worth of the ""toppings"" listed (egg, shrimp, etcetera). If that is good enough value for you, then don't look and just mix it all in. Otherwise, you might think, ""what? only 3 shrimps?""
Despite the chili symbol, it is on the mild side of spicy -- and that was also disappointing to me.

I suppose to streamline things and cater to a Canadian demographic in a city with vegetarian-consciousness they have adjusted how they cook things into a winning formula that has seen them expand into a chain with many outlets. But if you're looking for a very authentic Malaysian / Singaporean food experience, go elsewhere.

*

Bring a bag WITH HANDLES if you are going to take anything home, such as the young coconut (to get at the coconut meat after you are done drinking the coconut water). They have large, sturdy paper bags for takeout, but no plastic bags and no bags with handles, apparently."
"I like this location more than the other one in Kits. Quieter and the service is really friendly and attentive. Dinner is fancy and pricey here, but the food has beautiful presentation.
I finally tried the pineapple fried rice (it comes in a real pineapple!) and it tasted pretty good, although it was quite overpriced. The eggplant fries were interesting but very oily. And the (Thai?) iced coffee was very tasty.
Although I won't be returning because of the price and my personal taste (I like other foods more.....), banana leaf is definitely worth a try!"
"Ate at the Banana Leaf last night, a Friday. Our table of three had to wait about 45 minutes for a table, which was expected because I know it's a popular place.
It was very busy in the restaurant for the duration of our meal, and I thought the service was great. Our server and the people who brought us some of our dishes were extremely pleasant, attentive and friendly.
The food was great, very tasty, abundant, and served hot.
The atmosphere was good.
If you have to wait when you go to the Banana Leaf, it will be well-deserved once you get to your table. It's a great restaurant!"
"In the mood for consistently amazing Malaysian food? Hop on into the Banana Leaf on Broadway. A warm, intimate room with attentive, friendly service, Banana Leaf is one of my favourite stops for Asian comfort food. 

FOOD: 4 stars. My favourites: 
-hainan chicken rice
-sambal green beans (with shrimp!)
-bone-in chicken curry (its smoother than the boneless one, dark vs white meat)
-roti canai - carb heaven
-seafood gulai - healthy portions of fish and shellfish in a curry 
-satay skewers


SERVICE: 4 stars. Very friendly, attentive, and always with a smile. I've never had bad service here. 

Overall, an excellent restaurant that is easy to bring work colleagues, or an easy dinner with a date. It's children friendly too, so bring your kids. :)"
Great food and service. Happy hour chicken wings is 50 cents. Worth to try if your are near by Vancouver General Hospital (VGH).
We ordered delicious pepper corn oysters that were sooo delicious, highly recommended. We also ordered gulay seafood; very yummy. Overall very tasty spicy food.
"Eat your Crab out!

This remains my favourite local Malaysian restaurant and it's where we usually go to catch up with friends and enjoy a lovely dinner, knowing that you will NEVER be disappointed.

Although Roti isn't authentic as my Indian friends say, they still approve because of the sauce and the enormous portions. They decide depending on how many of you are at the table. I have eaten at this place over 15 years so I've tried everything on the menu, but I highly recommend the crab cooked in garlic & chilis, curry mussels, fried rice. I wouldn't recommend the seafood mix, because it is mostly  fish that they put in. I think it should be more prawns and squid, but they don't put that much in.

Also the waitresses are super helpful when it comes to recommendations and everyone is knowledgeable as it is family owned. 

Banana dessert is ok. It isn't authentic  fried bananas, this has to be made with S.Asian bananas, not the reg ones we eat, which is what they used. The best one is Salathai in town, they know how to do it exactly like Thailand.

Great for business meetings,family dinner celebrations, birthdays, or even dates, if you have an adventurous foodie!"
"Best Singapore Laksa and best Roti with curry dipping sauce.  They have good service and great drinks here too - give the Fresh Young Coconut a try!

They have multiple locations around the city and I have to give credit where it's due in terms of best consistency for a chain restaurant.  Great job here, all the locations are the same in terms of friendly service and excellent quality of food.  Their Singapore Laksa is fantastic at all their locations."
"Went with family to try banana leaf for the first time. There were 7 of us so we thought it would be too much if all of us got the dine out menu. So we decided to just order 2 dine out menus and did the a la carte.  We got the roti, eggplant fries, seafood gulai, black cod, hokkien mee and lamb shank. The rest were from the dine out menu.  The dishes were good but can't help but think that they were premade as they came really fast. The pana cotta dessert that came with dine out was good but the portion was quite small.  My fave were the gulai seafood and the ginger black cod. The hokkien mee was meh. I think they premade that dish as it came out really fast.

The restaurant was very busy being dine out and all.  Service was good.  They kept refilling our water and cleared the plates quickly. The tables were mostly for 4 people. There's only 2 big tables that can accommodate 8 people. 

I think the dine out menu was good value for $20.   I would come back again and try their after 9pm dishes."
on a trip to vancouver a few years ago we checked out this place since we like Malaysian food.  I don't remember much but it was pretty good but I think we weren't that impressed.  They served cendol as a drink which is different from what I've had in US restaurants, but fine because sometimes in Malaysia it's served in a bag, sometimes a bowl.  I think they had cendol but it's not on their online menu now so I'm not totally sure.  I think I got sayur lodeh (sayur lemak?) and it was decent.  I don't remember if we had roti or not.  looking at the menu now it doesn't have many vegetarian options at all so we may have had a hard time finding something veg.  I don't remember now!
Bit expensive for what you get but food is great nonetheless. Make sure you try the green beans.
"So, so good!
The exterior is so misleading. Upon pulling up, I thought I was going into a dumpy restaurant but walk in an behold, a really nicely decorated and renovated interior!

Despite a very kid friendly environment, there are no change tables.

Other than that, the food was all fantastic. I came laksa and the fresh fried oysters caught my eye. Our entire family ordered about 10 different items and everything was excellent!  The oysters were awesome, as were the roti, laksa, spring rolls, Satay and unfortunately, we left no room for dessert!

Can't wait to go back again on my next visit."
"I came here with a big, massive party of 20+ ( people just kept showing up!) and the restaurant was full house! So, you can imagine how frustrated the staff must have been, but they did the best they could and it was appreciated. 

The food was amazing and they had it coming out fast! I shared the 7 course dinner for 2 for $25 and what an amazing deal! It comes with roti canai, spring rolls, satay, beef curry, seafood curry dish, green beans and eggplant dish, an awesome salad, and dessert! It was all really tasty. I should come back more often."
I love the lamb on the bone whenever I go there.  It is fall-off-the-bone tender.  However, I went to the restaurant once on a Friday evening, and we ordered one appetizer and two main course dishes.  It was before 6 pm, so, we got cheap deals on cocktails ($3 each).  We waited about 45 min. and we didn't get any food we ordered whereas we were watching tables around us get more and more dishes of food.  We got frustrated at the wait and just left, just leaving money for the cocktails.  If we didn't have a meeting to attend after the dinner, we could have waited, but, I don't think more than 30 min. wait is acceptable for the food to arrive, esp. appetizers.  I suppose we will just avoid going there on weekends and holidays.  Perhaps too busy.
"FLAVOR FLAVOR FLAVOR.....MMMMMmmmm...I would definitely come back for this restaurant.  I live in the States and I can't wait to  go back! 
 The crabs were a very good size.(We ordered 2 crabs.)  The king prawns were huge, the mussels were yummy, the coconut rice...I haven't have that taste in a loooooong time. The string beans with shrimp was good.  Also the appetizer that was flaky dip in curry was also good!

Service was excellent!!!   Also the dessert ..fried banana...not a big fan of the dessert  but it was good.  

Always make reservation before you go....the wait can be long!"
"My grandma was here for 3 months and we went to Banana Leaf twice in that time (and I also came an additional time with some friends!). This is by far our favourite Malaysian restaurant as other places are not as good value for the food nor do they have the awesome super enthusiastic service that they do here. Better than Tropika which I find is expensive and kind of greasy. 

We always order roti canai and when we came on a Tuesday the appetizer sampler was on special (50% off so it was $9 for an order made for two people) which we thought was awesome cause it had salad, roti canai, spring rolls, satays! We also love the curry no matter beef or lamb, and the Hainanese chicken is so soft it's really delicious. My brother loves the pineapple fried rice and the presentation is always impressive.

Had a delicious three dinners here, this place is always packed and it's easy to see why it's so busy even on weekdays! The food is amazing and the servers are really nice!"
Almost ideal lunchtime restaurant. Good food, good service. The restaurant decoration is basic though and there was a peculiar (hairy) odour at the back, near the kitchens. But this is authentic appeal. The service was zippy-fast and we were in and out in 40 mins. Pretty well tailored to a lunchtime visit. I'd recommend getting there before 12:30 - that's when the queues start to form.
"After two failed attempts at finding yelp recommended restaurant in Vancouver (both restaurants were closed), we finally found a place that fulfilled our needs for Malaysian food. It was a Tuesday and it was pretty busy. We only waited for about 10 minutes, which wasn't  bad.

For appetizer, we ordered roti canai. The flaky bread was one of the best I've had. It was crunchy on the outside but was soft. The curry dip was delicious also. The papaya and pineapple green salad was also good. The salad had a good amount of pineapple and papaya pieces with mixed green salad and tomato in a house vinaigrette dressing. 

For our dinner, we ordered rendang beef, black cod with caramelized ginger sauce, and sambal kang kung. Of course, we had to pair everything up with white rice. The rendang beef was to die for and a must order. The beef was tender and the curry sauce was perfection. The black cod with the caramelized sauce was sweet with the right amount of ginger infused into it. I just had to be careful when getting pieces of the fish because it had some fish bone. The sambal kang kung was okay but I think it had too much shrimp paste for my taste. We didn't get to order dessert since we were full. We left with some leftovers, which still tasted good the following day. We will definitely go back here when we come back to Vancouver."
"For the area and value, boy, it's tough to beat.

Big dish of nee goreng noodles, less oilier than expected, as pic shows.

And lamb curry w/ rice.  I could've told them to get it spicier, though it's not like Mui Garden's in terms of flavour.

These were their lunch specials advertised back of their menu, each under $10.

Apparently they've won some wine awards too, as they've got a pretty good bar happening.

Even at 1pm still a bit of a wait.

Limited parking in the back."
"Weekday lunch. Ask for the gluten free menu! Many lunch specials are on the gluten free menu. The boneless chicken was very mild in flavor. There is a bit of heat but the flavors are not complex. 

Menu:
There are are many gluten free dishes on the menu. The boneless chicken curry contains a good amount of vegetables such as eggplant, bell pepper, green beans, carrots and even okra. The actual curry sauce was a bit thin. The lunch special comes with a side of rice. Unfortunately there was a hard lump of undercooked rice in my meal.

Service: 
Fast and friendly. I ordered takeout. My server said it would take 20 mins but it took 10 minutes. Maybe I misheard :)

Venue:
Very cozy interior with beautiful artwork. I didn't dine in but the interior looks very nice from the entrance."
"Absolutely delicious. The fixed menu is great if you're with a few friends and feeling adventurous.

And there are no TV's! You can actually talk to the people you're with and focus on your fantastic meal."
I always like to have my lunch in Banana Leaf. I love the Hot and Sour soup. I had a the Tiger Prawn With Chilli Mango sauce. It was awesome. This place specially is very calming and the staffs are great. The prices are also reasonable.
"We're craving Malaysian food and wonder where to go for it (Banana Leaf/Tropika/Penang Delight) and finally picked Banana Leaf for lunch.

I found most of dishes were good and kept the taste as same as before, just the portion was a bit smaller.

Mee Goreng (Malaysian Fried Noodle) - It's a bit greasy but taste good.

Roti Canai (Indian style pancake) - It served with curry dipping sauce. A nice crispy pancake that isn't doughy yet has a nice elastic texture. The dipping sauce was very mild and is geared towards the sweet side.

Satay - Either marinated chicken or beef skewers with peanut dipping sauce. The satays were juicy with a nice sear. The meat was seasoned and brined for that juicy, succulent tenderness.
Singapore Laksa - Most of toppings were cold and bland, I had to soap it deep in order to make it warm.

Nasi Goreng (Malaysian Fried Rice) - Pretty standard of Malaysian style fried rice and kinda sweet too.

Sambal Chili Okra & Mixed Vegetables - it tossed in Sambal but too oily."
"I love love love Banana Leaf! I've been to both the Davie and W Broadway locations, though I find that the Broadway location has better service. Friendlier staff and friendlier atmosphere. Its closer to my home so thats definitely a plus!

I love everything on their menu. Its affordable and full of flavour. A couple of my favourite things would include the Roti Canai, Mee Goreng, the Mussles, Beef Curry and definitely their Calamari. If you are ordering anything Curry or Laksa, I would recommend to also order a bowl of Jasmine rice on the side, as their sauces tastes extremely delicious with some rice. And don't get me started on their drinks - their Mango Margarita and Lychee Margarita are both fun and delicious! The wait time for food is exceptionally quick considering how busy they always are. Be sure to take a look at the dessert menu when you're finished your dinner because their Pisang Goreng is to die for.

This location can get pretty busy so if you're planning to come here for dinner with a large party I would recommend to book reservations beforehand, otherwise you could be waiting for a table for as long as 40 minutes to an hour. Despite that, the wait however is well worth it. I've been coming to this location for 3 years now and I've never had any problems or concerns. This restaurant remains to be one of my favourite places to eat and share with my loved ones for sure!"
"I've heard my friends talk about this place for so long, I had to try it out and boy am I glad. It was amazing and flavourful! I had the green beans, roti, curry chicken and jasmine rich for myself and my friend. We were both so stuffed afterwards and can't stop raving about this place. 

This location gets filled up quite quickly so do go eat early or make a reservation. Service is attentive and food came at a reasonable time. I would visit again in a heartbeat."
Some people bar hop, we restaurant hop. So we had a couple of hours before our flight back to LA and we decided that we would just restaurant hop. After our lovely bike ride, we strolled the streets of vancouver until we saw a restaurant that caught our eyes, it was a malaysian restaurant that was calling our name. They said that we literally just missed the lunch special but because we came there 3 minutes after, they would let us pass. So we got the laksa and prawns. We could have done without the prawns not because it was but the laksa was delicious.
"My sweetie and I had planned to visit Banana Leaf for ages. I had been to this same location (I think) on Broadway years and years ago and I remember loving the food. We finally decided on a night last week and off we went!  I don't know if they take reservations; we just showed up and the place was packed. We didn't wait long, however, and soon we were seated. 
The menu had too many delicious items, making it difficult to decide on just two or three dishes then we both caught sight of the tasting menu for two. At $30 per person it might seem a bit pricey, but considering the number of differenet dishes you get to sample (9 courses), it's actually good value IMHO. The portions are decent and the dishes come tapas-for-two style, plus you get as much tumeric rice as you want. But don't fill up on the rice, there are a lot of dishes to sample and you will be full by the end of your meal.
First came the appitizer samplers. The Mango Kerabu is a delicious mango salad with sweet and citrus flavours blended in perfect harmony. The Roti Canai tasted like more and the Satay Chicken was moist and flavourful. If I had to pick a favourite it would be the Cumin Mussels. I could make a meal out of those, the rice and the roti and be a pretty happy camper.
The flurry of appitizers was followed by four entre items: Rendang Beef Curry, Gulai Tiger Prawns and Scallops, Caramelized Ginger Black Cod and Sambal Green Bean. The portions were ample and everything was cooked perfectly, each bursting with its own flavour-statement. I absolutely loved the Rendang Beef Curry. This is a dish I've made myself for ages and I think Banana Leaf and I use very similar recipies. The beans were cooked and seasoned perfectly, we ate every last one. The cod and prawns with scallops were both cooked perfectly and oh so tasty. I honestly couldn't pick a favourite among the four, but again, if I had to it would be the beef.
By the end of the entrees were were both feeling comfortably satiated. I had forgoten about desert and in the next moment our server produced a plate with two golden fried bananas joined at the centre by a generous scoop of real vanilla ice cream. A perfect finish to our epicurean journey.
Our server was a charming young lady who was attentive throughout the service and knowlegable about the menu.  Good food + Good service = return visit."
All what we tried was yummy. The mango drink, the iced coffee, the singapore laksa,  the roti canai. We tried the durian and was really good with a very interesting strong flavor. It was not as sweet as expected but good to try.
Hands down the best Malaysian in town! My favorite dishes are the sayur lemak (yellow curry) and kari lamb, but far and above everything else I'm heavily addicted to their roti canai! There's just something about that curry sauce.... mmmmmm
"I work in the area, so have visited this restaurant many times over the years.  I've probably tried everything on the menu over the years, and every dish has been nothing short of amazing. The service is fantastic and the food is always fresh. 

Today I came in for lunch and ordered the green asian salad and roti canai. I normally don't order salad and usually go for the rendang beef or curry boneless chicken (both are fantastic) but decided to try the salad. So good! Would definitely order this dish again. The roti canai was great as usual."
The seafood Gulai was incredible, the perfect amount of spice, and the perfect variety of seafood. Would definitely recommend having the roti canai as a starter !
"Caveat: This review is for the Kits location; there doesn't appear to be a Yelp spot for that branch.

The food merits a five star: roti was lightly browned and pleasantly crinkly--not oily, although there was not a lot of sauce, so be sparing. The ginger fish fry was well done but the serving size is for a child. The salad was quaint, mixed greens in a leaf-like plate; again, I could eat more, but I suppose the point of a lunch special is to leave you feeling like you can snack all afternoon. The rice was very well steeped in turmeric and left a large stain on my dining partner's white jacket, so it passed the test. The dessert was on the odd side (a mason jar full of different colored, layered almond pudding). The peach sauce on top was a bit cloying, but the pudding was well set and not grainy.

My main complaint is the waitress, a bespectacled hapa girl who looked like she had some submerged anger that was on the verge of spilling over into a dramatic scene. She got my order wrong--more specifically, she forgot my order--and I was sitting around for 20 minutes watching my dining partners enjoy their food as I chattered and pretended not to look at their repast, salivating like a macaque monkey in a briskly populated tourist zone. It was only until my dining companion asked about my meal that another waiter looked into my order and noticing the error, placed it. That girl said sorry in a kind of ""meta"" way: ""I am sorry the order was missed and you had to wait so long."" I have moth's feelers for fake apologies, gurl. If you paid more attention to orders instead of stalking around looking like you want to stab someone, you'd get more points!

They gave me a 50% discount on it, but I had to eat fast and furiously to catch up with my dining partners and spent the day in a gaseous state. I would go back, but I am going to kick up a fuss the next time this happens. Having worked in customer service, the operative mode is STEP LIVELY AND GET HAPPY if you know what's good, even if you feel like it's a torture."
We got a 7-course meal sampler and every single dish was excellent!  Great service, great food, great restaurant
Another good malaysian restaurant....decors are so nice,server uniforms looks very asian it looks like they are about to join a dance competetion....presentation of foods very appetizing,tasted good aswell...cash credit ok....small parking at the rear or pay parking nearby or meter at the street....noise level moderate...neat place to enjoy spicy malaysian cuisine...
"I came here during happy hour in the afternoon. The place was not packed, there's probably just 5 tables occupied. There's only 1 server at that time, I find it annoying since I always need to get her attention first.

I ordered the calamari and eggplant fries to eat in and char kuey teow to go. Both appetizers were good especially the eggplant fries. I've never had eggplant fries before and I would say it something I would definitely order again on my every visit here... it's really good!!! The char kuey teow is pretty good too but I find the To Go portion very small compare to the portion you get when you eat in."
"I have been coming here for years, I can't believe I haven't reviewed this before! It was my sister that introduced me to the taste tantalizing food of Malaysia and banana leaf (the one on Denman) was my first foray into this culinary adventure for the tongue (ok that sounded kind of gross and somewhat sexual, ahem...I will now state that this review is 18A, parental discretion is advised lol jk)

This restaurant, both locations, never ceases to satisfy my every food whim. I love this place. The food is always delicious and freshly cooked. All the different sauces and dips and methods of cooking just make my mouth water thinking about it!

I haven't been here for a really long time, so it was suggested that we come here for a work lunch. I was really looking forward to it, as I hadn't had Malaysian food in a long time. You know how sometimes your expectations for something are so high that when you actually experience that something you feel deflated and disappointed? Well that did not happen to me at all! In fact my expectations were so high and they were met at every point. I felt quite inflated actually, literally! Because I ate soooooooo much! We had a few morsels of food left over, and my co workers kindly cheered me on to finish, but sadly I couldn't demolish off all the carbs. You bet I will next time though!

Did I mention that I love this place?!

St3Fin"
I visit Banana Leaf every time I go to Vancouver. I always have a difficult time deciding what I want on their vast menu but I have never regretted my decision. The food is always good and service is always nice.
Going there just for Singapore laksa is worth it!
great food at great place with good atmosphere. Food are always good there, especially roti canai, poising goreng, tofu goreng, beef rendang, laksa, satay. Portion is always decent, not too much and dfntly not too little. All 5 locations have the same taste consistency. Always go back there for some homie food. If any of the review option bottom I select not sure, that's most likely I was too busy enjoying the delicious food and the company I was with.
"IF YOU GO HERE ORDER THE ROTI CANAI. 

Anyways, I used to hate this place because the first time I came here I didn't like what I ordered. But the second time I came here I fell in love with the food, partly because of the roti canai. I believe I ordered the chicken satay which was delicious and my boyfriend ordered the chicken curry dish which was also delicious.

Nice environment, cheap lunch prices, friendly service, good food."
Brought my Dad here for dinner. We ordered the sampler for two. Soooo good but a lot of food. Go hungry. Of all the 4 of 5 appetizers and 4 main dishes there wasn't a thing we didn't like. Black cod, curry beef, seafood curry, green beans, rice, chicken satay, mussels, calamari, roti, papaya salad... then to top it all off deep fried banana with ice cream. Add a singha beer or a berry sangria and you're set. Mmmm
I've been to this restaurant a few times with a friend of mine and the food has always been great. I love the tasty plentiful dishes that they create and there are a lot of different options available. The service has never been bad but not extraordinary either.
"Came here for lunch! Warning, it gets quite busy if you arrive after 12pm on a weekday so be sure to make reservations if you know ahead of time! 

I ordered the satay and gado-gado combo from their lunch deals( generally $12), which consists of  4 chicken satay skewers on top of the gado-gado (mix of bean sprouts and tofu). Best part is the heaping amounts of peanut sauce they drenched over it, so heads up if you're not a sauce kinda person, this dish may not be your cup of tea. I loved it though. The portions were just right, leaving me happy and satisfied. 

Couple of friends ordered the nasi goreng (fried rice), laksa, fish fillet and chicken rice. If I'm in the neighborhood, I wouldn't be oppose to trying the chicken rice!"
"Banana Leaf is consistently good at certain dishes. What they do well, they do really well. The Satays, Roti Canai, Fried Eggplant and Sambal Green beans are all wickedly flavourful. I also like the fact that they have some good BC wines by the glass that pair well with the spicy food. 

I have to say I've been disappointed by the main dishes, even the seafood. The rendang I make at home is better--and it just comes out of a package! So I've learned what to order and I'm generally happy."
"Our daughter took us to the Banana Leaf for lunch last weekend. We had walked by many times, but had never stopped in. 

The service was fast and efficient, and the food arrived very quickly. We shared some curried chicken, Singapore Laksa, and sambal chili prawns. Every dish was extremely tasty and we really enjoyed the flavours. I especially enjoyed the sambal chili prawns.

We will definitely be stopping in again."
Redang beef, the roti and the papaya soup are awesome.
Ok, this would have to be one of the best Asian meals we have ever had! Incredible  flavors, fantastic and very friendly service. We visit Vancouver often and The Banana Leaf is a must visit each time. Wish we had a place like this back in Virginia!
"I've eaten at this location a handful of times now, I find the service to be better than the other locations I've tried.

Most recently I had the soft shell crab and papaya salad and the halibut served with their Singaporean Laksa broth. The salad was delicious but the portion was smaller than I remember especially for $8. For my main, the halibut was slightly overlooked which was disappointing but the flavour of the broth made up for it. If you're not a fan of okra I wouldn't order this dish, the okra was extra slimy and you can taste it throughout the broth. I also ordered the roti but they forgot to place my order in the kitchen....it's the first time I've had an issue with them forgetting an order. The roti is delicious and a must try!

My other favourite dishes are the beef rendang and lamb shank. The meat is always very tender and flavour full, never disappoints! 

I've brought my family to Banana Leaf for family lunch a couple times, only thing is that if your parents don't like any spice in their food don't bring them here! My dad didn't enjoy the food as everything he wanted was marked as spicy.

This restaurant is also good for groups. I'll continue to visit this Banana leaf!"
My first time trying Malaysian food. It was interesting and very tasty  the staff was very friendly and helpful. I had the lamb curry and thought it was great. It's a bit pricy for the amount of food I got. I'd recommend only going here if you're willing to share dishes.
We went to the one on broadway and it was excellent. We ordered the tasting menu for two and it was one if the best meals we've ever had
Moving here from Singapore, I always missed Singapore food. I am always in search of good Singapore/Malaysian digs. Their satay is decent except served with too little peanut sauce. Loved their sambal  green beans, beef rendang, chow-kway-teow, Hokkien prawn noodles and deep fried egg plant. Their chicken curry is not too bad too. Oh, love how they served the coconut rice. They were wrapped in banana leaves. Great presentation and rice was really good with all the food we ordered.
Authentic Malay food. Seafood Laksa and Hainan chicken were fantastic. Not much curb appeal but good ambience.
Had the lamb curry and laksa. Laksa was okay but nothing special. The lamb curry was served very sloppy with excess water from the veggies running around the plate. Also very average in terms of flavour.  Portion size was a bit on the smaller side and pricy for what they provided.
Perfection. Two share an 8course dinner with wine pairing. The only complaint is we had to remind them about our wine pairings for each of the three flights. Otherwise staff was incredibly attentive. Service was well timed and the flavours were all balanced with fresh ingredients.
We were pleasantly surprised by the Banana leaf.  While the average rating is 3.5 stars, we had a much better experience.  The roti sauce was delicious and we LOVED the eggplant dish, as well as the black cod.  Service was attentive and prompt - overall a great dining experience.
"I have been eating here for years when I""m in Vancouver for a seminar. It's a favorite, and the food is always good, and good value.  Favorites are the sambal green beans, any prawns, lamb curry, char kuey teow (noodles), but really everything is always excellent. Service is almost always good, but they do get busy.  Make a reservation!"
"We tried the Dine Out Vancouver menu for this location. We were a large group of 15 and had made a reservation. Once we arrived, we were told we would be seated at two different tables! I was not informed of that when I made reservations over the phone. This made conversations a bit difficult as you can imagine.

For the food, the restaurant had ran out of cumin mussels and substituted calamari and spring rolls in its place. Good job for the restaurant to substitute food. Bad job for the restaurant to not plan ahead on inventory especially when I made reservations 2 weeks in advance. Food overall was good. It was a good opportunity to try a little bit of everything. Is it the best Malaysian food out there? Not really. I consider it more fusion to cater to the Canadian palette. This restaurant is a good introduction for those who are not familiar with the cuisine. Food was served family style. 

Service was great. Food arrived to our table really fast. Staff cleared dirty places quickly and attended to our requests for drink menus, extra napkins, etc quickly. 

We were charged the 18% gratuity for being a large group of 10 or more people. We were also told that there was a minimum charge of $25 per person as a large group. We were okay with that as the dine out menu was $28 a person. It was not a big issue although some of the people in the group mentioned we should not be charged the 18% gratuity automatically because we were essentially split into two groups. Minus one star for the bad seating arrangement."
I love, love Banana Leaf. Mee Goreng, spring rolls, beef satay and extra peanut sauce. that is my Vancouver comfort food. It is the first ethnic food I ever had as a child  and I enjoy every last morsel. I usually spend the after noon slowly savoring every last bite of meat and drip of sauce. I have been to two locations now. This and English Bay and they are both very busy. I understand why. Great consistency with the food. YUM .
"I love this restaurant.  It's one of my favourites in Vancouver.

I always order the Roti Canai and the Chicken Satay skewers.  The roti is so flaky and delicious, and the chicken satay is so nice and tender.

A great restaurant to go out with friends to!"
"Came for dinner with DW on May 16.
Street parking, nice ambiance, good service.
Prices similar to Tropika but the similarity ends there. We had the appetizer for two and the beef rendang curry. The appetizer came with 2 salads (nice) 2 spring rolls, some fried squid, 1 pc of roti canai (pan fried bread) and 2 skewers if chicken satay. Beef rendang was tender. It's a good meal overall but Tropika (just had dinner there on Mother's Day) was better all around in terms of taste.

Andy
Richmond bc"
"Food and services are fine. Their portions are getting too small now. Ordered a lunch Randeng beef which is like a tasting menu size. I understand costs are going up but our stomachs are getting smaller! By the way, I am a 5' 9"" and 156lbs Asian which is not overly big guy and this is still too small."
"I feel the need to update this review. It took me a long time to convince myself just to give it another try. The management team did send me an apology note. I understand the kitchen would make mistakes or it gets busy etc but the level of rawness on that chicken was not really forgivable (i'm a bit traumatized from that experience LOL). However the 3 stars would be for the amazing service because really the staff there are so friendly!!! They always have been great! This time I didn't end up ordering the chicken satays anymore. I went to lunch and ordered the laksa noodles and it was definitely delicious! 3 stars for amazing service !!

To be very honest, I'm not 100% sure i would be coming back only because there are so many choices in Vancouver!"
"This place has been around for years, and pretty much popularized the entire Malaysian food scene in this town (along with Tropika).

Parking is available on the side streets, as well as Broadway after 1800.

As this is the original location for the chain, the building is noticeably older than the other ones.  The inside is nice with the red walls, but does feel a little worn down.

Staff were friendly, and kept our drinks all topped up.

The food quality is decent, though it can add up fairly quickly if one isn't careful.  Many of the dishes are a little bit on the smaller side, though they're still larger than many tapas places.

Satay chicken - nice juicy tender chunks of meat.  Not dry at all. All about the dipping sauce.

Beef rendang - many places tend to make the meat a bit too dry, and this place is no exception.  Of course, having plenty of curry sauce helps.

Sambal green bean - nice firm beans.  Great satay flavour.  Served with prawns and tomato chunks.

Nasi goreng - served in pyramid form.  Again, great flavour, and not too greasy.

Roti canai - nice and oily.  This is a must have for those who haven't tried before.

Kari lamb - not as dry as the beef rendang.  Similar curry to that dish too.  Comes with potatoes though.

Mee goreng - not bad at all.  Nice large prawns.

Durian black rice pudding - much larger bowl than expected.  This dish should be shared between 2-3 people.  We could barely finish.  Great durian flavour, for those who enjoy this smelly fruit.

Kuih dadar - crepes break apart really easily, making it a bit hard to eat.  Tasted like coconut cake soaked in ice cream.

Overall, every dish we had tasted pretty good.  Can't go wrong with this place. The other locations are definitely newer and nicer though."
"Yes! Finally! I get to go to Banana Leaf!

My friends wanted to celebrate and what better way than crab? Why is this the location that serves crab? We got a table in the back corner and hunkered down for the mythical crab. 

Our food came out one dish at a time. Since we weren't sharing all the dishes, some of us were waiting for food... watching the other lucky people eating. We ordered two separate orders of crab. My husband and I ordered fried tofu and fried rice. D ordered a roti to add to our order... and we shared amongst ourselves while the others ordered like the world was ending. 

The tofu was so good, my husband ate most of it. Wha? You ate my tofu! The crab was amazing... it was all over my hands. I really wonder if anyone other than me orders crab on a first date (besides me)? Does anyone get a call back if they do? It's like eating ribs on a first date... you have a keeper if they come back after seeing sauce all over your face. 

We had to keep asking if our food was coming and I swear our server just kept punching things in when we asked because she would run to that Squirrel thing and rapidly tap the screen. Besides the lag, the food and the service was great."
"been here many times, and every times the food and the service is always excellent!!!  food are always fresh and delicious, wait staff are very accommodating and very helpful...

 the food we have tonight are:
mussel in cumin and ginger sauce
roti Canai
nasi lemak
mee goereng
haianese chicken
fried calamari
satay - beef , pork, chicken, and lamb
malaysian pasta with abundance of seafood
malaysian fried rice
and fried banana for dessert!!!!

All are yummy!"
"Brett's To-The-Point™ Review:

Everything deserves four stars. Could get that fifth star if it was cheaper or the food was just a tad better."
"I've had lunch/early dinner here a few times
and the food has always been pretty good. 
The service is more or less hit or miss. 
I always order the Mango Kerabu which
I have never been disappointed with. 
Other items I have tried include Sambal
Green Beans, Singapore Laksa and
Caramelized Ginger Black Cod.
The Sambal Green Beans were another
standout, crisp green beans, flavorful shrimp
and a decent sambal sauce. I was a bit 
underwhelmed with the laksa but still enjoyed
it. I always try to make this a regular stop 
when visiting Vancouver. Parking can be a
pain though."
Unique and delicious food. From my three or four times visiting the restaurant service is average during lunch time but gets better around dinner time. On the pricey side if you want to enjoy several dishes but I believe they also have lunch specials. Would recommend to a friend.
Absolutely love this place!  The first time we came here we went for the 9 course tasting menu because we didn't know what to order. So happy we did this as every dish was amazing and got to try food we've never tasted before. It was so filling as well. When we came back we ordered various dishes as we had a better idea what to order. Definitely will be back!
There are some really good things about Banana Leaf and some really bad things. The key to a good meal is to avoid the fish. I NEVER send food back, but we actually sent the fish back because it tasted awful. We said that it didn't taste fresh and our waitress told us that's because it's not fresh, it's frozen. Frozen fish in Vancouver. I think not. At least they took it back without any hassle. Don't waste your meal on the frozen fish. Instead order the Char kway teow. You have to get the roti too. It's delicious. The calamari is also really yummy.
Lunch laksa. Nice taste but not that strong, nor spicy and more on the coconut side than curry. Portion size is enough for lunch but seemingly not for price. Comes with all mee hoon rather than mixed noodles. Also temperature wasn't high enough; didn't come out steaming hot.
This was my first attempt at Malaysian food. And friends got me here, saying this was one of the best food places around. We ordered a bunch of items of the menu. The starters and main dishes were yummy. However, I had many burnt pieces in my peanut sauce, like burnt bottom scratched. But didn't bring it up as it was just a side sauce. The lamb shank, chicken curry, Singapore Laksa all were amazing. The ambience is authentic and colorful. The seating is close as the place is not too big. The prices are bit on higher side. There might be a fair wait 15-20mins at all times.
My friend and I went here during their happy hour and we had such a good time! We both got drinks and it was $5 each - I forgot the name but it was tasty. We also got calamari and eggplant fries which only cost $5 each during their happy hour and the portion was big! The taste was superb. I got a Singapore dish (again, forgot the name) and I was so satisfied! It was huge and delicious! The savoury flavour was perfect and it was balanced out with the freshness of the bean sprouts. I would definitely revisit
I ordered the roti, chicken skewers with peanut sauce and coconut crepes for pickup. The food here knocks any other Malaysian food I've tried out of this world. Unbelievably delicious!
I went there with some girlfriends where we enjoyed the Dineout Vancouver meal.  There were 7 set dishes for the amazing price of $20 per person.  Excellent meal with terrific company.  Good service.
Order the Nasi Goreng!! It is absolutely delicious. Good service, nice atmosphere. Strong drinks. No complaints here! The servings are also a little bigger than I expected so don't overestimate your abilities.
"After hearing rave reviews about this place, and having been to Malaysia myself and eating the awesome food there, I wanted to see how 'authentic' this place was. 

I have to say the food is mediocre considering the prices you pay. I was underwhelmed with what I thought were Malaysian staples - nasi & mee goreng, char kway teow. I would personally say the Malaysian options at Hawkers Delight are better.

I will say however, that the satay with the peanut dip is pretty good. 

Overall, the menu and price points are decent if a trip to Malaysia for the real thing isn't in the budget."
Been to this place many times. The good and service is always great! Pricing is fair. No complaints!
Awesome food every single time. The roti canai is a must. Tofu Goreng and spring rolls also. Iced Malaysian coffee soooo good. Service is  fast and friendly. Can be very busy so reservations are a good idea.
"We haven't been Banana Leaf for ages.  We were craving for Malaysia food this afternoon and tried it out again.  It has warm decor and friendly staffs.

Malaysia bread was flaky and so good
Singapore Laksa was tasty and strong coconut soup base with seafood on top.
Malaysia fried rice was a bit spicy and delicious."
Conveniently located. Wonderful and authentic south east Asian food and the  service is great!
Good food.  Long waits at lunch time which doesn't make it ideal for lunch takeout if you work in the area like I do.  Nice for dinner out with friends.  Portions aren't huge but the food is tasty.  Good date place and nice girly drinks.
"Excellent food, very good service, good location.
I have tried all Banana Leaf in Vancouver and I wish the other ones would learn with this one at Broadway how to keep the standards and make the customers always feel welcome."
"I had never tried Malaysian food and have always wanted to try Banana Leaf- the one Malaysian restaurant in Vancouver that has been voted the best year after year. And now that I have finally been I can't believe I've never been there before. Its been around forever and now has four separate locations including the newest addition on Davie St. On this occasion we went to the Kitsilano location. 

Malaysian food is a mixture of culinary tastes from India, China, Thailand and Indonesia. It combines the best of South East Asia, from India's roti canai (seen below), Singapore's laksa, to China's Hainanese chicken rice. 

There is so much selection to choose from so don't hesitate to ask your server for their favorites. The roti canai- a serving of flaky layered break with curry dip, was a must- so delicious and definitely set the tone for the rest of the meal. In fact I think I filled up quickly on just the roti itself.

Our meal was served very quickly and all of us cleaned our plates in less than minutes!!
Everything was so fresh- all the vegetables in the curry were fresh and crunchy including the okras (one of my favorite vegetables). I would really love to learn to make some of their dishes. In fact it would be great if they would offer some cooking classes. 

For our main dish we ordered the boneless chicken curry, the lamb curry and sole curry. Every single dish was more than amazing. Not that we had any room for dessert but given that our main dishes were so good we had to order dessert which was even better. You MUST try the coconut filled crepes and the deep fried banana. Both are really delicious. I haven't been to the other locations yet but I will keep my readers posted if and when I do."
"Omg so good! 
It was my first time trying south east asian food! and definitely not the last one!
I loved the food and dessert was rea;;y good too :))"
"I had never sampled Malaysian food until this weekend. I think I might be in love. And how couldn't I be? The flavors were like some kind of Indian and Thai cuisine lovechild! We had the ""Perfect Lunch for Two"", which offered Fish in Caramelized Sweet Ginger Garlic Sauce, a vegetable dish with a light curry sauce and Kari Lamb. We also ordered the spring rolls and the Roti Cani - way too much food for two, but it sure was tasty and fun to try all the different dishes. My favorite was the Kari Lamb - super tender cuts of lamb in a red curry sauce. My husband loved the Roti Cani and devoured most of the generous serving before I knew what happened. 

We were seated near the kitchen door and got a glimpse of many dishes passing by. The soups look phenomenal and all of the plates were presented beautifully!

The pre-set menus seem to be a great way to sample several dishes - I will definitely be back to try they seven course menu for only $25. And you save on drinks when you add them to a pre-set menu.

The atmosphere and service were delightful. We will definitely be back soon for another go at the menu!"
We were travelling in Canada and stopped by this place for family lunch. The foods were okay. We ordered various kinds--soup noodle, pineapple fried rice, appetizer sampler, and a large bowl of soup. Overall, my impression was they use excessive amount of herb and oil, which is not good for your health.
The wait was long. Loud atmosphere. The service was a little slow. In terms of the food, the Hainese Chicken was mediocre--not as rich tasting as I've had it. The roti was delicious. And the lettuce wraps were tasty, but portion sizes were quite small for the price.
"Great food, good service.
Highly recommend the Banana Leaf at 820 W Broadway. 
I have been to other locations and in my opinion none beat this location on quality of food and service (specially)."
"Love this place! The rendang beef is my favourite dish and the fried banana with coconut ice cream is a MUST for dessert. The tasting menu is also a great way to try a variety of dishes.

I've been here at least a dozen times and give four stars because it can be a bit loud, and the service on the slow side at peak times. That being said, we keep going back regardless. Great place for folks with dietary issues or preferences."
I'm a new Fan!!!   We were invited to eat here last night. It was great. We had a large variety of tastings starting with the Chicken Satay. Delicious. We had Coconut Rice, Black Cod, a Curry Beef dish and a Curried Chicken dish with a Mixed Vegetable dish and Noodles with Seafood. The Food was very good and so was the service as they brought the food out to us in a timely manner. The atmosphere was great, creating the right feeling along with music that wasn't annoying. The restaurant was very busy and we could see why. We want to go again soon and try some of the other menu offerings. On a side note they do take reservations.
I love the food at banana leaf, the service is also fairly good and timely. I would say they do southeast Asian food the best out of all the places I've been to in greater Vancouver area.
"Went here again very recently after abstinence, it was Meh, But better then last time but, too expensive

Quality has improved since last time, maybe they are starting to read these reviews.

Mojito was better then last time

3/5"
Nice setting, good service & great food. The food here has a very authentic flavor. Tried chicken curry reminded me of my grandmothers chicken curry. Also roti is must try!
My celiac husband can eat here! Yeah! They seem to understand his need to have gluten free items. They quickly identified the items on the menu that are gluten free and the lunches are so yummy and reasonably priced. I recommend the curry chicken and the 10 veg specials. The roti and spring roll on the side enabled my hubby to try the 10 veg special while I indulged in the flaky roti!
Went there with a friend. We tried fried tofu, beef and fried rice. The food quality was pretty good and the serving size was more than enough (even when both of us were extremely hungry). Also the environment was very pleasing. Highly recommend this place.
Hokkien mee was unexpectedly good!! Nasi lemak was great! But they sambal belachan was the hidden secret! If they bottled that sauce I would buy a carton of it! Was really surprised at the standard of cuisine here. Service was good. Food was even better! Will definitely be back!
"Still having Banana Leaf withdrawals and it's only been two days. This place is awesome!! This was my first experience with Malaysian and Singaporean cuisine so this was definitely exciting. Barely recognized anything on the menu, thankfully I was with a friend who's eaten here before so that was helpful. Other than the calamari we ordered, I seriously did not know what to expect...

This place had a great first impression on me - the place was dimly lit, well decorated and had a busy atmosphere. Peopl chattering in the background, and plates rattling, but I kind of liked that because all of it just added to the ambiance. The food smelled amazing! We were carrying a bunch of stuff with us that day and thankfully the server was very accommodating and took the time to find a space for us to put our things. Service was great overall and I had no problems waiting to order, refilling water or getting the check. 

My first Malaysian food experience was amazing - however, this review is only limited to the appetizers. If you're very sensitive to spicy food like I am, you'll have limited options on what to order (most Malaysian food in general can be spicy) especially when ordering the mains. If you are a spice lover, this place is up your alley. Because I didn't want to sweat a waterfall that day, I decided to stick with milder appetizers instead. Don't regret it one bit!

FOOD: We ordered the chicken satay skewers, nyonya calamari, roti canai and the vegetable spring rolls. I only got to try the skewers, calamari and the roti so I'll be writing about those. The calamari definitely filled me up the most and was absolutely delicious. Crispy, fluffy breading on the outside and juicy on the inside with a hint of lemon. The satay skewers were full of flavor and IMO the best thing I've tasted in a long time - full of unique Malaysian spices that are sure to explode your taste buds. The satay also comes with a peanut spice sauce that fuels the flavor even further and adds sweetness to it. They don't give you a lot of satay though (4 pieces) compared to how much they give you for the other appetizers. The roti was delicious! Sweet, fried, flaky, just a little oily but will be sure to fill you up and make your experience at Banana Leaf worthwhile.

Just writing about the chicken satay and roti is making me hungry... I'll be sure to visit when I come back to Vancouver"
We dined here while stationed at VGH.  Both times it was excellent and we tried a variety of foods and cocktails on the menu.  The food is fresh, great quality, and reasonably priced. Service was excellent both times and I was beyond impressed with the experience.  I can't wait to take some of my other family members here.  Definitely will be back.  Loved the Mango Margarita and Sockeye Salmon Curry.
"We were staying at the H I and were looking for a restaurant nearby. Banana Leaf was perfect! We had the 9 course tasting menu and everything was delicious. Service was quick and friendly. Decor is simple but quite pleasant.
I had the mango mojito and loved it. 
We highly recommend this restaurant ."
Lets be clear right away. If you are in the mood for malaysian food there is no better place than this in Vancouver, unless you live in north van or new west where you can go to Tamarind Hill. Food here is pretty damn good. It wont rock your socks or break your bank but you will walk out with a smile on your face and a full stomach. Service in this place is always a Ok!
"Banana leaf offers late night happy hour starting at 8:30pm from Sundays to Thursdays.  We ordered drinks, Asian salad and the eggplant fries.

The cocktails were good. I like fruity drinks. :). I like the red lotus. It has lychee and vodka. The dishes were good as well. They were full size and at $5 each, were really great value. 

They also offer buy one, take home free for the fried rice and noodles but we didn't get that this time as we just wanted some drinks and snacks.

Service was friendly. Overall, we would definitely go back."
"Have Dinner here on Monday Night and it was the best ever!!!

Their Monday night special Dungeness crab, was to die for. The abundance Seafood in Gulai Sauce was heavenly. The Stays cooked with great flavors. And the lamb shanks was perfectly executed with the right amount of spices and tenderness felt right of the bones.

will definitely be going back there again soon. I heart you Banana Leaf!!!!!"
"Get here early if you want the dungeness crab. We were seated around 7:30 and they were out of them. Husband was not too pleased. He got the super prawns instead. The sauce was very flavourful and those were some really meaty prawns! 
I got the Singapore Noodle dish. I absolutely love coconut milk sauces, this one was amazing! 
We also got the spring rolls. We are on the quest to find Vancouver's best. My husband rated this place as first so far. I want to come back for lunch!"
always love this place.  food was very very yummy.  pineapple rice boat a little sticky and hard but cod dish excellent .   food is getting a little pricey and i've been going faithfully for years.  Broadway location needs a serious cosmetic update !
Some of the best South-East Asian food I've ever had. Living in Hawaii, I've had quite a bit, but this place blew them all away. The only thing I wasn't really impressed with was the calamari appetizer. It was good, but nothing amazing. We also had a Tamarind curry dish with tofu and veggies which was delicious. The star of the meal was the Seafood Noodle Curry with Tamarind and Turmeric. There were scallops, fish, shrimp, squid and mussels in the most delectable curry sauce. The service was ok, they were a little busy and they forgot our rice, but all in all, they were friendly and attentive. I would go again, given the chance.
I've never had Malaysian food, but I've always heard nothing but great things. Came here on a recommendation from one of our local friends and it did not disappoint. Had the eggplant fries, calamari, roti, and lettuce wraps to start off with. Everything was good especially the roti curry dipping sauce and the eggplant fries were super crisp. Only thing that did not get finished was the lettuce wraps, personally I'd skip on it. As for main courses we got mee gorang and the pineapple friend rice, both really good! Service was on point. We were really taken care of. Plus the Indian/middle eastern looking girl servicing us was very cute. Low key in love, but that's my problem lol.
"This place is amazing if you love Malaysian food (or Asian food in general).
This place would've gotten the 5 star rating but their Gado Gado was not the best i've had, but it was pretty damn good.
This place isn't the most veggie friendly but they do have a section with strictly veggies, so that was nice.
If you do eat seafood this is the place to splurge. They have the freshest fish and unique creations packed full of flavour and spice.
Great place to go on a date or to catch up with old friends.
Can't forget the amazing service either, its almost like they can read your mind and stomach they are so attentive.
Ohhh, just thinking about this place is making my mouth water."
had the 9 course last night with 4 peole and including myself and fed us all well, everything came fast and was delicious. would come back again since tropikas food portions have dwindled.
"I've been to this place at least 8 times, and every time I leave with my stomach satiated and my taste buds buzzing. There hasn't been a menu item I don't like--even the papaya salad and green beans are delicious!

If I had to pick my favourites, it would have to be the roti canai, the laksa and the banana fritters with ice cream.

The people here are great at accommodating group dinners, as well. The only down side is that parking can be a pain."
Yum! My friend took me here for lunch today and we shared two dishes -a vegetable curry and ginger carmelized basa fish.  Both dishes were delicious but the fish was extraordinarily delightful.  I would definitely order this again.  This place fills up for lunch but they do take reservations.   Good service as well.
"Had the 9 course pairing--EVERYTHING WAS EXCELLENT!  What a fun and delicious experience!  And the service helped to restore my faith in knucks!  The wine pairing was also good!  Try this, you'll like it!

And our waiter, Ping, made for an excellent experience.  Food and service were superb (including the bar service--Nolan) a phenomenal value, an excellent culinary delight of an experience!"
"Ah, Broadway and Willow Banana Leaf... you never let me down.  This has been a week of returning to my favorite restaurants and my top favorites has always been Banana Leaf.  It has been a number of years since I've been back, but the quality remains the same.  This time I am back with a child and they accommodated us very well.  The high chair and table setting was ready to go.

Lets mention the dinner set.  The roti canai and beef/pork/chicken skewers is a must have.  I love the sambal green beans and I'm not a crazy veggy fan but I can eat that alone and I am satisfied.  The kung pao boneless chicken had perfect curry sauce to it. Finally the pineapple fried rice cannot be missed. Other than the nasi goren, it is my second favorite rice dish.

Parking is a hassle and it was a bit crowded for a big group, but I am happy with the food

If you are feeling like splurging my wife recommends the singaporean chili crab dish.  It's definitely worth a try if you like seafood.

Note: reservations are important to make for this place during peak times."
"Nothing inspires you to try a new restaurant more than staring at its big yellow sign from across the street while waiting for the 99-Bline in the cold Vancouver rain.

I have to admit that I'm not the foremost on Malaysian cuisine, but I AM quite the Asian Persuasion connoisseur. 

Being a student, I definitely feel the dent in my wallet when I order a dish and it's boomerang'd back to me with very little substance, but I was happy to see that this wasn't the case at this establishment; Banana Leaf delivers from their freshly squeezed juices and savory appetizers, to their fully-stocked main dishes. 

The service wasn't the most attentive, but they were very kind when they were. 

The place was smashingly colourful, ethnically decorated and exuded a great vibe.

Recommend Bevvie: Guava Juice.

Recommended Appie to share: Steamed Clams in Soy Bean Sauce with Chili & Ginger- careful, it's hot... this is where that Guava Juice comes in.

Recommended Main deal: Tiger Prawns in Gulai Sauce.

Score: This place... is... BANANAS... B-A-N-A-N-A-S! Mmm, bananas."
Perhaps it was the dishes I ordered but I like this location better than the one on Denman. Mmm... Eggplant
Having spent time in Malaysia, I expected Banana Leaf's fare to be less than perfect. I was wrong. I stopped in for lunch and for less than $20 had a meal that transported me back to one of my favorite destinations. I tried the Roti and the Kari Lamb and Sayur Lemak with rice. The lamb wasn't as spicy as I remember it, but the flavor was all there and it was so tender it literally fell apart on the fork. The portions were extremely large for the price, I even left more than half of the rice behind. My only complaints are the Iced Milk Tea was sweetened with syrup that was still glopped on the spoon and left the drink with a slightly gritty taste and the Roti was a little oily (still perfectly delicious though). Overall, my next day trip to Vancouver will definately include Banana Leaf..
We again and again experience above expectation meals here! This last visit, we tried the eggplant fries which are truly to die for. Staff was very kind and accommodating to our need for wheelchair seating even right during dinner rush - although there are a few small steps to lift a chair up in order to get inside the front door. We will keep going back every time we travel to Vancouver.
went for a 7:30 dinner last sunday for dine out...service was good, bit of  confusion as 2 different menus were given to us re dine out menu but no problem....happily ate the mussels (great sauce) rather than calamari and spring roll,,,love the roti....fried banana is better at green lettuce but for an $18 price point this was good value..learned there is some parking at back which I wish we known as trouble with street parking coin meter,,,surprised at the number of infants still there after 8 pm, sadly the camera ran out of juice before salad served ( very fresh papaya )
We were craving for Malaysian food and we decided to go Broadway location one.  We had awesome foods, great experience and very good waitress (Lizzie).  She was on top of every order and super friendly.  I was with my family and we had great time, it was our first experience but I'm sure won't be the last. Haha
"Banana Leaf is our favorite malaysian restaurant in BC.  We love their roti, sambal gren beans, sambal okra/eggplant, singapor laksa,abundant seafood in gulai sauce, redang beef & mango prawn in sweet chili sauce. Excellent mango margaritas. There is nothing as good as this in Seattle.  
Every time we are in BC we always make it a point to eat at Banana Leaf. Yummy!"
Delicious Malaysian food! The multi course meals are really good.
"Banana leaf is one of our go to place for authentic Malaysian comfort food.   They serve the food family style., meaning, all dishes are shared.   Portion sizes are reasonable.  Food is tasty.  You have to have a liking for Asian flavors to appreciate.   I just didn't like the coconut rolls they served for dessert with the Dine out package. It was too dry I choked on it.   I love their banana rolls with ice cream though, which wasn't in the package we chose.  
Btw,  they served unlimited rice during the dine out event which was really great!"
I had the pineapple fried rice and nasi goreng with a friend! It was very authentic and tasty :~) I come back with my friends every time when I'm with my friends!
"Very Nice restaurant. The satay chicken was one of the best I have eaten. Service was attentive, but I did notice that as a non-asian I was treated differently. Otherwise it would be more stars. 5 for the food. I have been extremely lucky to not have had this happen in the past. 

I will return with my wife for a full course dinner in the future and update if there is a difference"
"This place is a super-friendly way to introduce non-ethnic-food-eating people to some delicious Malaysian food. I have taken my meat-and-potatoes father and a group of visitors from Ohio (if you haven't heard, it's not a State known for its International food) and they've all raved about it. 

The food is all served family style, so you can order a few dishes and share them with your group. It's a great way to experiment with a lot of new flavours and ingredients. The food comes out as soon as it's ready, so if you don't share one person might finish their meal before all the plates have arrived. So share!

The service has always been as warm as the colours on the walls. There's a nice selection of wine and beer to choose from. I've tried a lot of their menu items, and enjoyed all of them. My favourite is always the Abundance Seafood in Gulai Sauce. That Gulai Sauce is so good you just want to lick the plate. Another favourite was a seasonal plate with mango, prawns and chilli. It's not on the regular menu, but it was such a treat that I now pay close attention when the server goes over the specials!

One of the bonuses is that the food is rarely spicy. I find that even the food that they might label as spicy is not. I really like spicy food, but it's easy to add heat to a dish. These dishes have intense flavours without the heat, so you don't have to worry about having something to give spice wimps at your table."
Came by on NYE for dinner to ring in the new year.  They had a new Christmas 10 course tasting menu for $33 and also an 8 course one for $25.  We opted for the 10 course as it had a better selection of sea food and also included roti and chicken satay.  The beef rendang was cooked perfectly this time around and our favourite dish was the ginger cod...it was so good.
"Second time at banana leaf. My first experience was meh but I really enjoyed my second time around here. We had a girls night for my family (4 ladies) and ordered A LOT of food. OF COURSE WE LET THE PREGNANT ONE ORDER!! haha!!! 

Let me see if I can remember our list... We got Chicken Satay, Tofu Goreng, Mango Salad, Roti Canai, Sambal Green Beans, Panggang Fish, Gulai Seafood, Mee Goreng, Eggplant Fries and the Goreng Pisang. I know. There were lots to pack though!! 

Chicken Satay - SO SOFT. The peanut sauce was nice too. I wish there was a little more crunch on the sauce but I'm not complaining!! 

Tofu Goreng - I've never had this anywhere else so def unique to me. I am not a fan of cucumbers and I attempted to eat them in this dish but just couldn't push myself to do it. Love the peanuts sprinkled on top and the veggies in it. The mixed textures of the soft tofu and crispness of the deep fried portion was nommm. 

Mango Salad - I didn't have too much of the Mango Salad due to the cucumbers. I know!! I should have sucked it up. I'm sure it was delicious though as the rest of my family ate it all. 

Roti Canai - Crowd favourite!! Roti itself is soft and crispy on the edges. The sauce I think is maybe laksa?? I'm no expert but definitely my favourite. We ordered two!! HEHEHE 

Sambal Green Beans - UGH. My fav dish. Seriously. Love how fresh the beans were. The prawns that were in it for NOT overcooked at all which was a plus. Not too salty where I had to eat it with rice. Perfect veggie dish. 

Panggang Fish - WARNING!! This dish is SALTY. It's not the bad kind but you'll definitely need to eat it with rice. Love the okras in it and the fish pieces are deep fried. There's also a bit of spice to it. Maybe the dish itself was cooked with some fish sauce or shrimp paste but def a fishy smell to it. Don't be put off though!! For sure would order again!! 

Gulai Seafood - A basic yellow curry. Lots of different seafoods like mussels, clams, fish and prawns. I'm not too sure if there were squids or not as we boxed up the rest and I didn't take the box home with me. There are veggies in it as well so it makes a good dish that you could possibly just get on its own with a side of rice. 

Mee Goreng - Tasty!! A bit of a kick to it but not bad at all. It almost tastes like the Chinese stir fried beef with the flat noodles in that brown sauce. There are beef, tofu and I saw some prawns. So good!! One of my favourite dishes as well!!! Can't wait to eat my leftovers for lunch. 

Eggplant Fries - WOW. The texture of the eggplant is really weird. I'm sure the outside is breaded and it was deep fried but it almost felt like the inside of the fries were hollow. There was a hint of the eggplant and the rest was more of a salted and spiced batter. It came with sweet and sour sauce drizzled on top. Might be best to get the sauce on the side as there are a lot of the fries and you might want to pack them without the sauce soaking the fries!! 

Goreng Pisang - THIN BATTER. THIS. I can't emphasize enough how much I appreciate this. I cannot stand thick, almost breaded, batter on my bananas. It just takes away from the bananas themselves... Loved every bite of it and the maple syrup was definitely a plus. AND PEANUT!! Like a banana sundae MMM... 

Overall, really enjoyed my dinner. Reservations were needed for my little group as it was very busy when we arrived. Our server was quick to fill our tea and water but never really checked out often to see how our food was (we had lots of dishes swapped out for new food that was coming). That could be an issue if there was a problem with the dish itself or if there were any mistakes. The coconut rice here was very subtle. I normally like more fragrant ones, almost dessert like but everyone's preferences are different! Free parking in the back for banana leaf customers or you can do paid parking in the front as well. 10/10 would come back!!"
The appetizer platter for two ($16) was really great - had calamari, vegetarian spring rolls, satay, roti canai and a refreshing slightly spicy salad.  Satay was really tender.
"good service
good food/ I like how they put pepper on all the deep fried dishes 
convenient location/ lots of parking
family friendly
reasonable price
cash only
if i had to choose 1 dish: any of their hotpots
would I go back? Sure"
"Food tasted pretty good, great sauces and spices. Overall I don't think it's worth the prices - entree plus rice is greater than $20 usually. 

I had the wok basil eggplant and it was undercooked. A bit too firm, and I was too shy to send it back. Wok cooked eggplant is one of my favorites and I've never had it come out like that before so I was a bit surprised. 

We also tried out a seafood dish that was pretty good but had some sand in it, so that didn't help the rating. 

The service was good, and the sauces had great flavor but had those above problems."
"Visiting Vancouver and our cousin took us here for lunch.
The Roti is addicting and the sauce on the side should be a dish in itself.  We had chicken curry, pineapple rice for the kids, fried chicken wings and mixed satay.  

Everything was flavorful and not spicy.  Despite the little hot pepper icon next to item on the menu, it just wasn't spicy enough for me.

Kids loved the food and so did we.  Having just returned from Singapore, the food here is quite authentic."
This is our favourite Malaysian restaurant in Vancouver. We have been there for a number of family dinners and each time they didn't disappoint. Their menu is diverse and has spicy and non spicy items. The highlight is always Singapore chili crab. We have also had the lobster, lettuce wrap, laksa, pineapple fried rice, sabre fish/black cod, fish in banana leaf. We love the deep fried bananas, crepe The only items we did not enjoy so much were the rendang beef (a bit tough) and the lamb shanks (not flavoured well).
A group of us just ate lunch at this location and had the best time! Delicious foods: roti, laksa, sambas green beans, mee goreng and nasi goreng. I've been coming to this location for years and will keep coming back. Our server Nolan was amazing! He remembered all the little details and we all had a great time.
"I've always heard mixed reviews about Banana Leaf. We came during happy hour and we ordered the 5$ calamari. We liked it for 5$ but we would not pay full price for it as it was just like onion rings (without the onions of course). The laksa noodle was very flavourful and they had a lot of variety of seafood inside. The noodles that we ordered, we asked for spicy and it was very spicy. I had a hard time eating it even though I love spicy foods. 

Overall, the portions are a bit on the smaller side for people with big appetites. I would come again to try the other options they have on the menu."
Excellent food...good service. The only complaint I have is, I wish they would have checked with us during the meal to see how things were. Definitely on the list for a return visit though.
"Been to Vancouver twice, and I've eaten at Banana Leaf both times. Simply amazing, and worth every penny.

+ Lamb Shank is so tender it'll fall right off the bone.
+ Mango Chili Prawns are AMAZING.
+ Haven't had anything I didn't like from here yet.

Very delicious, quick friendly service, even with other tables full on a Saturday night.

~ (TIP) Parking is FREE in the back alley. Not many spaces, but better than paying for expensive street parking due to the hospital nearby."
"This was my first experience with Malaysian/ Singaporean cuisine so my opinion can't speak to the authenticity of the dishes here, but as a newcomer I can say I'm hooked!


We started with an appetizer that reminded me a lot of crepes, then for entrees we got the laksa and this other noodle dish.

While the seasoning on the laksa fell slightly flat, I enjoyed how thin and chewy the noodles were. 

We also got mango margaritas and the lychee martini, which were weak but fruity and delicious.

The service was impeccable, the restaurant is clean and spacious, and the surrounding area (Broadway Street) has a ton of shops to walk around after you eat!"
My gf and I got the 7 course tasting menu, a great way to try a variety of what Banana Leaf has to offer. Was very delicious and we were stuffed. We even took some home and it was amazing the next day. Cool drink selection too and we both loved the fancy cocktails we ordered. Highly recommend this place.
"Believe the hype. Went with the mrs and ate like a pig. Food was soo good when the waiter asked "" would you like desserts?"" i asked "" do you have a wheelchair to cart me out"". Food and service was TIP TOP!"
"A few of my close friends and I decided a reunion lunch was in order when we haven't seen each other in a few months. I love having lunch with them because they're my 'foodie group' - the circle of friends who want to dine where they've never dined before and will try anything once. When we were deliberating where to eat, one suggested they want Malaysian/Singaporean food, and Banana Leaf came up. Since none of us have dined here in years, we decided to give it a go.

My friend who's dined here before told me she had a bad experience before but was willing to give it another shot. As we walked in, one of my fears came to life: abysmal service. The hostess gave me attitude after I had asked a simple question (do we need a reservation to eat here?) The nerve of this girl. I've worked in the service industry before and I would never respond the way she did, so I was ready to walk out. But since I've never had a bad experience here, I thought I'd let it slide. Thank goodness that was just a little hiccup, because our server couldn't have been nicer. He was very attentive and knew when to check on us. Any trace of the venomous encounter with the hostess is gone.  

When he asked what we wanted to drink, I ordered one of the best drinks I've had in my entire life: Pineapple Slush Colada. Anyone who knows me knows I LOVE coconut (used to hate it, now love it). Coconut water, coconut cream cake, coconut macaroons, coconut milk, coconut trees (because it reminds me of paradise),  coconut erry'thang, me loves it. The combined sweetness of the pineapple and coconut mixed together in slush form was definitely fireworks in my mouth. Or-gas-mo. When we tried each other's drinks, it was unanimous that my drink was the best. High five, me.

Then our orders came. We started off with the Appetizer Sampler which was a small plate of vegetables in a tangy dressing. It was okay, not the very best. Just Plain Jane in my opinion. Then we were served with a big platter of calamari, spring rolls, and roti. The spring rolls were quite delicious, and the roti was actually pretty good, but the calamari didn't quite take off as the other 2. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't superb either. 

We had some chicken and beef satay as well. I'm not a big fan of beef satay, so I guess I'm a bit more bias - but I preferred the chicken satay better. The beef tasted a little chewy, whereas the chicken was quite moist. The sauce that came with it tasted average, just okay. Then our fried rice arrived. It was served in a half-gutted pineapple. Raised my eyebrow a little bit on the presentation, because I learned that anything served on the plate should be edible. That half eviscerated pineapple was definitely not, but it's ok because the fried rice was pretty good. It was the Pineapple Fried Rice with Seafood & Chicken. I liked it. Then our last main dish arrived, which is the Braised Lamb Shank. I don't normally have lamb anywhere except when I dine in Greek restaurants so I was a bit skeptical. But as I'm with foodie friends and I'm willing to eat anything once, I tried it. Fall off the bone and marinated in a flavorful sauce, I liked this dish as well. Delish!

Of course we wouldn't be a foodie group without finishing off with dessert. I can't have chocolate so my friends were kind enough to order dishes with no chocolate: Pisang Goreng and Kuih Dadar. Pisang Goreng is deep fried banana served with vanilla ice cream topped with crushed nuts and palm sugar. I love deep fried desserts served with ice cream, so this was a hit for me. Kuih Dadar is another coconut dish, so you know that I'ma be raving about it. According to their website: ""Sweet coconut crepe made with pandan leaves with palm sugar and grated coconut"". KABOOM. More coconut goodness in my mouth. The presentation of both desserts delivered, so that definitely helped with the experience.

Ambiance, experience, food, and service. I would give this place a stellar 5/5 had it not been for that insufferable hostess. I'm giving it a 4.5/5, bumping it 4/5 (I really gotta campaign for those half star ratings). Would I come back? A hundred times yes.

Review #7 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge."
"A staple in my lunch routine for over a decade now..... yikes, that's a statement.
Always a high level of customer service and the consistency in food is unreal. The Singapore Laksa is always great, perfect for those dull rainy Vancouver days to help get your mojo back.
This is one spot that I will always default to,  it simply never disappoints."
"The roasted eggplant is still something I think about every time I drive pass this place. It was so memorable, and the first time I had it was the early 2000s!

It's a nice, quiet, and humble restaurant serving nothing but classic Malaysian cuisine. Can't go wrong with tried, tested, and true."
"The lunch menu is really good here.  Great deal.

The tasting menu is also good if you want to be able to try a few dishes.

The only downside is when you go in a big group. There is an automatic tip added and they will not give you separate bills, which can be really frustrating."
I have been to several banana leafs but this location is hands down the best.  Really tasty and good prices.
"If i were to review this restaurant solely on taste, then it is very deserving of the full 5 stars!  
have been a fan of this busy malaysian chain for many years, most recently was at this location for my roomies bday dinner.  
as usual, the lobby was packed with people waiting to be seated.  the servers were running to and fro getting out orders and serving hot delicious plates to their tables.  
we had made reservations and ended up waiting for about 15-20 mins, which is quite reasonable considering the high traffic at that time.
i had come from a late lunch prior so i regretfully had no room for a meal.  
i did however ordered myself the double lychee mango mojito which was strong and tasty!  and i can never go here without having their signature deep fried banana dessert... oh, how everything just tastes better when its deep fried!! 
everyone had an order of the roti to start...which i had to sample of course.  one of the dishes i always have to order as well when i come here.  the bread is soft and chewy and dipped in their mildly spicey peanut sauce just completes it.  in fact, the roti is delicious on its own.
my room mate had the pineapple fried rice, which is served right out of the pineapple shell!  a delight to the eyes and even more pleasant to the tummy! another dish i have had many times before and always praised.  the pineapples make the normally salty dish have little bites of sweet surprises...much fun! and if you dont like the hot spice of malaysian dishes, this one wont leave your tongue burning.
my other room mate ordered the mango chili prawns.... i have never sampled this before so i had to steal a few off his plate.  i love eating fruit in my mains!! although the dish itself wasnt piping spicey hot, the mango had the perfect balance with calming the chili prawns.  i just love those jumbo prawns...slurp slurp!

if i had to rate solely on service, i would probably give 3-4 stars.  not rude, but not exactly stellar.  it's too bad, because the very first time i ever tried banana leaf, the server for our table was so friendly and happy, i fell in love with his jolly nature."
I really like this place！Opening that industrial strength metal door leads you into a nice spacious dining area. We arrived at 430 so there were hardly any people. We ordered a variety of dishes like eggplant fries (delicious & delicate, eat them while they are warm and crispy), clams, chicken skewers, deep fried tofu, oysters. We also ordered roti (different from Indian roti) and coconut rice. Everything was delicious with tons of flavour and different textures. Definitely will be going back.
"The salad was nice and refreshing. I especially liked the sweet and sour fish sauce as a salad dressing. The different nuts on the salad gave it a nice crunchy texture. Only thing that has room for improvement is the tossing of the salad. Some bits were overly dry and unseasoned...but I'm just being nit picky here.

The roti canai doesn't taste as good as when I had it here a couple of years ago. It's not flakey enough and it lacks a bit of sweetness that it used to have. The calamari is not crispy enough. The dough batter is a bit dense. And it's sort of flavourless. It simply lacks seasoning.

The flavour of the string beans was good...but I think there's something about the way it's cooked, that it's not to my personal liking. There's just something about the texture. But it's not a bad dish. I really enjoyed the beef goreng. The spice level was just right for me. I like food a tad spicier than usual. For the most part the beef was cooked really well, but there's this odd piece that was just a tad dry. The sauce covers this up really well though. I'm not a big fan of fish, but the fish curry was done really well. I like how they added okrah to it.

The Pisang Goreng was the highlight of my meal. My sister thought it was too greasy/ oily. However, I thought every bite was perfect with the ice cream. Absolutely delicious! 

Service was stellar. They kept refilling our water without us even asking. And at one point, they even changed our plates and utensils even though it wasn't necessary."
This is a fantastic place to spend dinner with your friends and family. My mom decided to choose this restaurant after hearing many good things. We ended up deciding on the 9 course meal, which was a ton of food! I would definitely come back to this restaurant, especially for their fresh seafood dishes and aromas. I am very interested in trying new Malaysian foods after coming to this restaurant!
"We went to Banana Leaf for dinner yesterday. After the first two appetizers - Satay (Lamb) and Roti Canai, I was so excited to go home and write a 5 star review of the restaurant. The two dishes were so amazing. Maybe it's just that I haven't had an Roti in a long time. That stuff is delicious.

Needless to say, they did not live up to the hype created by the first two dishes. Their chicken (which my friend and I remembered was dry on our last two visits) in the curry chicken was dry again. King Prawns were also on the dry side (overcooked). 

The Rendang beef curry, lamb curry and the sambal green beans were quite good. Well cooked and with good flavour.  

The deep fried banana dessert was as good as I've had. 

Prices are reasonable 
$1.5/skewer for satay
$11-$15 for most main dishes
Rice is ordered seperately"
"Order the Dungeness crab and be prepared to weep with joy.
Do not do so on a date unless you have been together a LOOOONG time. You will get messy. You will eat like an animal.

My friend and I ate here. We were greeted at once, quickly seated and ordered the crab and a side of roti. The crab arrived not long after -  a monstrous, alien pile of legs smothered in sauce, a pile of fresh roti on the side. We attacked and later  realized we hadn't spoken to each other - or even looked up - for a good ten minutes because we were so absorbed in the food.

The mountain of crab legs sits atop the main shell, so you don't realize until you've plowed through all the legs that there is this giant shell filled with the crab fat and delectable sauce just sitting there.  You just see it and yell out:
MORE ROTI PLEASE!!!

Service was absolutely terrific, ambiance just right. Love it love it love it. I would eat here every week if I could.

Damage: Approx $40 including crab, 2 orders of yummy roti, tax, and tip.
Well worth it!!!"
"I love Vancouver because it has not one, two, but a plethora of Malaysian restaurants. Banana Leaf is probably one of the better ones. They have three locations in Vancouver.. one in the West End, one on W. Broadway, closer to the east side, and one in Kits, also on Broadway. 

Try the calamari appetizer and the oh so good char kuay teow. (Their roti canai is probably the best in Vancouver) Not anymore. Sorry, Banana Leaf, Jonker Street beat you with the Roti.  If you're adventurous and a Malaysian food virgin, they have a great tasting menu for $25 per person.

They have pretty yummy cocktails too!"
I have dined at the Banana Leaf on several occasions and I keep coming back for the deliciousness!  I still remember the first time my friend brought me here and I had never tried Malaysian/Singaporean food.  It was a like a flavour explosion!  On my most recent visit we ordered: roti canai, vegetable spring rolls, hot & sour soup, mee goreng and the rendang beef.  Admittedly it was a lot of food for two people but how can you decide??  The roti canai was so good, as always, a generous portion and served with the most delicious sauce.  The spring rolls were crispy and delicious.  The rendang beef was so flavourful!  The service was super fast and friendly.
"Service is quick and pleasant here.  I've never once had a bad experience.  I  mostly go at lunch, and I can certainly get in and out within 40 minutes.

The Roti Canai is SOOO addictive - so much so that everyone I've ever gone with now calls it  ""crack"".

The Laksa is outstanding as well."
"I have ordered take out from here a few times and have never been disappointed. The Kung pao chicken is tasty. Lots of chicken for the price. The cuts on the onions and peppers, however, are too big. 
The Rendang beef curry was the perfect level of spiciness. Would have been nice to have some veggies included in this dish but, again, lots of meat. 
I have not dined inside the restaurant but the stench of mussels is so strong every time I go in there to pick up my food so I dont think I could sit through that."
"love the new remodel design. the place look stunning newer and much cleaner. The foods is absolutely delicious just like how i remember it. 

Great menus,  great drinks options,  fresh- high quality seafood, wonderful and friendly wait staffs 

will be back soon."
I really enjoyed my dinner here. To start off I had their tofu goreng. Absolutely delicious! Nice and sweet with just enough spice to make my lips tingle. For the main course I had their lamb shank. Phenomenal! Absolutely fall off the bone tender with a delicious braise that complimented the lamb nicely. Even the spinach was perfect, not over- or under- cooked. The fried rice was a little plain, but once the lamb braise was put on it you would never know. Service was great. Always around if I needed it but not overwhelming. Very friendly as well. Prices were not too bad, not great, but definitely not bad. The app, main course and a beer for about $30. Overall I definitely enjoyed my experience here and will definitely be back!
"Great food - went with Malaysian friends who thought the food was very authentic.  Very busy, though - come early on weekdays for lunch, or prepare to wait.

The roti and sambal beans are my favourite."
Fried calamari and salad are very good. The pineapple fried rice did not come on a half pineapple as written in the menu though...
Great food, and exceptional staff. Always very friendly. This place can get pretty busy on most nights.
"Absolutely delicious!  Some of the best food I have ever eaten in my life.

Appetisers: spring rolls and satay chicken
Mains: black cod, green beans, prawns
Dessert: banana and ice cream

All of the food was incredible.  The service was great.  My only complaint would be the noise level at supper time, when the place was full, was very high.  But the food more than made up for it!  Love it!"
I can never say anything bad about this place. The service is superb and the food is just plain soul food. The spinach in curry sauce tastes like it was just made for my palate. This is my absolute go to restaurant for malaysian, singaporean, asian food.
pricey for the food, and the Asian servers were good but this tall Caucasian was not.  Quality yes salty and oily for stir fried, OK if they are not.  The only eye opener was the mango appy, which was good.
"If you are looking for spicy, tasty, cheap food- Banana Leaf is your place! Make sure to start with a order of Roti and then try and narrow down your main course choices. The spicy shrimp green beans are awesome and there are lots of traditional meat dishes to choose from. Make sure to get a few orders of coconut rice and finish your meal with deep fried banana and ice cream. If you plan to go for dinner on Friday or Saturday night make sure to call ahead and make a reservation or you will be waiting for a bit in the cramped waiting area. 

Make sure to try their guava juice- yummy!"
Deliciosoooooo! Food is Goooooood! but price, they're a bit pricey. The resto is always full therefore noise level is not that good if you want peace and quiet.
"A-OK about sums it up. I liked this place, but it didn't have a nice ""feel"" to it. The staff are like factory workers and the customers get treated like they're waiting for the assembly line. The food is good, not amazing. 

Be careful coming by at lunch time, you will be waiting."
"This review is solely based on the service we received (or rather, lack thereof) within the first 30 minutes of arriving at the restaurant. 

We were not greeted by a host when we arrived. There was a couple sitting in the entryway, and us. We peeked into the dining area and there were a lot of servers walking around. Each time a server looked over, they would make eye contact and smile but no one asked if we had been helped. Most of the servers seemed to be walking around and looking about, and not actually serving. Finally after a few minutes of not being able to get someone's full attention, we walked to the bar area. 

Again not being noticed standing at the bar, we just shouted over the commotion and asked if there was a host we could speak to and put our name down for a table. One server who noticed I was trying to get some help looked up without stopping what he was doing, shouted over, ""how many people?"" ""what's your name?"" and that was that. We had a seat, and within the next 15 minutes, several more parties entered and were not greeted. One group even left. 

After some time,  a server came to the front and started taking down names, though she said she wasn't sure of the wait time since she didn't know where the host was. This confused everyone, but after some time, the host appeared and seemed to get everything back under control. 

We were seated shortly after this, and the rest of the night was smooth with really great service and very tasty food."
Coworkers and I checked it out to see if we wanted to use it for catering on our airplane. We thought the food was very good, restaurant clean, pleasant, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
"Came here with the whole family (8 people) for birthday celebrations.

I'm unsure when, but the place has undergone some decorative changes - it's more modern, brighter although I'd argue it lost some of it's more traditional charm.

There's a bench that runs the length of the restaurant and has more of a diner feel to it, than a Malaysian restaurant.

Aside from that the food was spot on just as I remember it; roti, satay skewers, lamb curry, spicy prawns, mi goreng, seafood dishes and the beans were all delicious.

There's ample free parking in the rear alley if you arrive before 7pm which is a bonus, it fills up fast!

We very much enjoyed the food, and ambience - if I were to be a bit picky, I'd say for a large group it'd be good if all appetizers came out at once rather than staggered."
It's not every day that you get service like this! What a great experience. We didn't make reservations on a Saturday so we had to wait for a bit but after we were seated the server came quickly. She was very polite and hospitable. They have many different options available. Malaysian fusion type food served here. We had the Malay curry chicken, it was big enough for two people! Had a great dinner, curried chicken with a side of rice, for only 22 dollars. I am very much looking forward to coming back here. Hopefully they as well add more authentic Malaysian dishes in the future.
This place has a trendy setting. It was very busy but I can see why. Food was super amazing and tasty with really big portions. Big selection on the menu and friendly service.
"This is the best Malaysian food that I have ever had in Northern America.  I went there with my Malaysian friend and I put the job of ordering in his good hand.  The Rodti Canai was incredibly delicious. The Singaporean Laksa was mouth watering.  I have to say these are ""Must Order"".  Gulai is really good as well.  Kerabu is good but if they can get mango from Thailand/Malaysia it will be way much better.  Now I know what's authentic Malaysian good food!  I will definitely be a regular customer of this restaurant"
Went for dine in yesterday. Had the chicken lettuce wrap which was amazing. Then had the beef shrimp rice and king pow chicken. They were ok.
Obsessed with this place! You want good food? Look no further ! We always order more so we can take home. They also recently renovated the restaurant!  Ps- visit the bathroom for a good dance sesh, they always place the best music and you can hear it well there
"Banana Leaf is very spacious and has nice simply decor. I liked the dim lighting and the fact that they had waiters in every corner you looked; you didn't have to be waiting endlessly for someone to come to your table.
We got there around 6:30pm and despite the fact that there were people at about 10 tables, we were immediately seated. We ordered lamb curry, kung Bao chicken, roti canai and turmeric rice. 
Roti canai was great - crispy, moist and flavourful. The sauce that came with it was incredible; we wanted to ask for more but felt a little shy and greedy at the same time so we didn't. 
Lamb curry was full with flavour and the pieces of lamb was tender. The serving was generous and we loved how nicely it paired with the turmeric rice. 
The kung Bao chicken was okay - I wasn't expecting it to be as sweet as it was but I suppose I haven't had it in a while so I must've forgotten how it tasted. Regardless, the serving was generous and my husband really enjoyed it.
The prices were affordable for the taste and quality. Our total bill was around $56 but I noticed they hadn't charged us for the turmeric rice so I pointed that out and the sever adjusted our bill for us. The servers were really friendly and checked up on us during our meal. 
Great place and great service. Would love to go back here when we are craving Malaysian/Singaporean good. Based on our experiences, we highly recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting to try delicious curries and Malaysian roti/bread."
"This place was highly recommended by a friend or I would have skipped it.  We got 3 things for 2 of us and had leftovers.
Turmeric spinach made a good starter because it was garlicky, light and very fresh.
For main dishes we asked for Assam Curry made vegetarian and they got it exactly right.  Tangy coconut milk curry, mildly spicy without making you cry for mercy.  With nice fresh green beans floating in the generous amount of sauce.  
Also got the Mee Goreng noodles, special vegetarian order of no fish sauce or shrimp paste and once again they got it right!  The noodles were lightly crispy, smokey, flavored with egg and tasty tofu.  Ahh so good.  Definitely coming back here again."
"Booked this place for a 6PM dinner on Saturday night. Was hungry early so showed up around 5PM and the place was already bustling!

Our family of 2 adults and 3 kids were seated in the back of the dinning area in a more secluded but spacious area which was perfect for us. 

Since we arrived earlier, it happened to still be happy hour so we ordered a feast. The most memorable items were the meat skewers, the roti and spicy green beans. The meat skewers were nicely seasoned and grilled well. The roti was flaky and soft at the same time. The spicy green beans were a recommendation from the waiter and it was a good one! Nice spice and good wok flavour. 

An awesome experience and worth trying. They have multiple locations throughout the city so I'll definitely be trying them out again."
"Amazing! We intended to go somewhere else but ended up here after not wanting to wait in line for a generic chain restaurant dinner. What luck that we ended up here!
We all ordered lychee mojitos and they are hands down the best mojitos we'd ever had. Definitely worth ordering, even if they aren't the special. 
We ordered Mi Goreng, lamb curry and ten veggies in ten spices, and they were all delicious. However! Everyone agreed that the 10 veggie + spice curry was the best. A must order! I'm sure if you're a meat lover you could ask to add prawns. 
I did remove a star for not giving rice with curry/dishes with gravy. At the price for some of these dishes, a bowl of basic white rice would be well appreciated. However, if you end up buying the extra rice, the coconut rice wrapped in banana leaf is amazing. 
Definitely a must visit either for drinks OR food (or both)."
"I seriously need to stop coming here so often, or I need to start learning to make these dishes myself or else I'm going to be broke!

The service was pretty atrocious. The restaurant wasn't even that busy but we had nonexistent service. I can't even say bad because they simply weren't around. 

The food was delicious as usual. Love the lunch prices."
"2 star pricing
3.5 star food
3 star portion.

Items ordered
Nasi goreng 4 star
Roti chanai 4 star
Chicken redang curry 2 star
Green beans 3 stars"
"What's your favorite type of food? My all time top favorites are Malaysian, Thai and Japanese. I find it nearly impossible to find great tasting authentic Malaysian food in Vancouver, let alone the Lower Mainland. There is one that is aaaamazing, drool worthy and finger licking good, and that's the Banana Leaf. With 5 locations in Vancouver and a massive menu of all your favorites, you can't go wrong!

I'm loving the renovations they finished just in time for the holidays, super colourful and a little more modern but keeping the Asian look and feel. The food is just as good as ever too! Loved their cocktail menu, tried the Red Lotus Lychee cocktail that was slushy and even had a raw lychee on top! We started off with the Kerabu salad that they split for us, so refreshing and jam packed with flavours. Then for some appies, we had my 2 favorites, Roti Canai and Chicken Satay. The sauce they use with the roti is out of this world, it's so amazing, you need extra for sure! Gimme a tub of it!

For dinner with tried some new items. The seafood Gulai was a delight. Full of scallops, prawns, mussels, clams and more! The sauce was perfect, a concoction of tumeric, tamarind, galangal, lemongrass, ginger and my fav, coconut milk. Mmmm perfect over some coconut rice! We also tried the pineapple fried rice that came in a fresh pineapple which was fun and exciting! Another suggestion that is my fav there but we didn't have this night is their Mee Goreng, one of my favourite noodle dishes from my trip to Malaysia years ago. Mmm so good. Lastly for dessert we tried the deep friend bananas, mmm a typical dessert that never gets old.

My suggestion would be, make a reso and order the chefs choice 11 course meal. Ya you can get the other smaller course meals but why not just go for the 11 course? Try everything! You won't be disappointed with their authentic flavours!

They have 5 locations across Vancouver, from Broadway, Kits, Robson, Denman, and Davie. My fav is the newly renovated Broadway location at 820 W Broadway"
"Passing grade. Service was good.
The food was good. Could have used a little more spice."
"My partner arrived early before everyone got off work so we got a table quickly. I love their renovation - looks so fresh and inviting. But the 2 person table size shrunk which is fine during lunch or when there's only one guest eating but for two people with multiple dishes, there simply wasn't enough room. 

There weren't enough servers so they were scrambling. One of them literally walked right into me when he was walking to a table with food. I was halfway through taking my coat off when he bulldozed me. No apology, no acknowledgement whatsoever. I suppose I should have figured it was going to be a ""meh"" meal. 

Good: 
- hot and sour soup never disappoints
- roti was delicious. The curry dip tastes a bit watered down though
- nasi goreng was delicious as usual but like before it was just so spicy for a dish that doesn't mention spice
- sambal green beans were really tasty and the beans were cooked beautifully but too much oil in the dish
- appetizer green salad with papaya, bell pepper, tomato and pineapple was delicious as usual but would have liked to see more salad greens 
- lemongrass honey tea is always nice especially when it's cold out

Bad:
- the service is disappointing
- the deep fried banana dessert was not good. Had a deep fried banana dessert elsewhere and thought they'd all be the same but nope. We left about half a banana on the plate with the lackluster vanilla ice cream because it wasn't worth finishing


I like most of the food in this restaurant. I just need to be mentally prepared for apathetic service next time."
"Delicious, delicious, did I mention delicious? 

Came here for lunch after my nearby appointment. I haven't been in probably close to a year because our last experience at the Kits location really turned us off. We thought we'd give it another try and we're so glad we did because the visit got us 5 stars.

This location is now open all day. They used to close between lunch and dinner. We came around 2pm and it was virtually a ghost town - which is great because it means better service and faster food. 

Since we hadn't been here in awhile and wanted to enjoy the glory that is everything, we got a bunch of stuff:

- tofu goreng
- nasi goreng
- sambal beans
- roti canai

and two drinks (calamansi with honey and the korean citrus which were both delicious). 

Everything we had was the epitome of Banana Leaf being on top of its game like it is many times but not always. Everything was delicious. We finished everything except the nasi goreng  which we happily packed up for leftovers.

The service was fantastic. We were seated quickly, water was brought to us immediately, order was taken, food came briskly, checked in a few times bla bla bla. Everything was great. We had a lovely lunch and it was quiet which doesn't happen often in this location."
I think most people will agree that they serve some pretty good and authentic food, however I can't say I'm impressed with the pricing or the service for that matter. These are things that I generally feel are very important so it's a shame when the food doesn't match. The presentation also isn't there - nobody likes sticky tables from the previous customer.
I had the shrimp lunch special and the roti.  The roti and dipping sauce was amazing as well as the sauce the shrimp was in.  The shrimp could have been more fresh.  Enjoyable lunch!
"I don't give 5 stars to many restaurants. Most really good restaurants get 4 stars from me. You have to particularly outstanding in your food and service. I can recognize when it's not the wait staff's fault. So I will compensate. That said, I have loved coming to Vancouver BC just to eat. It's a beautiful city. But we will drive up from Seattle jut to eat. There's nothing comparable in Seattle morning the surroundings.

A group of us have known each other for 50 years or more. This was very spontaneous. We really did drive up just to eat. Two of us had been here before. In fact we've been to all the Banana Leaf's in Vancouver. The other two had not so this was a real treat for them. 

We ordered the Roti Canai, lettuce wraps, Sam all green beans and the seafood gulai along with Steamed Jasmine rice. All dishes were enjoyed by all.

At the end we decided to share aa dessert. We never ordered dessert before because we were always too full from the meal. This time we ordered the fried banana with vanilla ice cream. Oh boy! Next time I'll order dessert first!

I think we were in the restaurant for at least a couple hours. Our waitress was very nice and let us siit and gab. There wAs only one other table occupied so why not. 

Finally as we started to leave, the dinner crowd was coming in. I swear, this is my most favorite place to eat! 

Definitely 5 big stars!"
"My last visit to a Banana Leaf was over 10 years ago. Since then, a lot of smaller, mom and pop Malaysian restaurants have opened. At a friends suggestion, it was time to try it again. 
Firstly regarding the new decor, I like it. Time to move on from the traditional kampong look! Anyone from Malaysia know what is a Kampong! I wanted to try many dishes so the 11 course was chosen. We were not disappointed, in fact, super happy. Started with Mango Kerabu, (mango. Salad) loved it. It was followed with chicken satay and Roti Canai...as good as any place. Cumin mussels was lovely, especially if you have rice or bread to soak the sauce up. Lemongrass prawns was next, super tasty, filled by peppercorn lobster.....nicely done. Seventh item was Assam Scallops, cooked perfectly. I also have to commend them on nice cute china for the appetizer sized taster plates. Nice presentation all around. Rending beef came next, no complaints there. The samba okra is very tasty.....could have spent a few more seconds on the wok as it was a bit crunchy. The sable fish was tender inside and of good flavor. The coconut rice was very fragrant, and the Pisang gored was beautiful presented. However the batter did not taste as good as other Malaysian place. Overall good. To compliment the dishes, we ordered Char Kuey Teow, which was super delicious, and Nasi Goreng which hit the spot. All in all, we tasted 13 items.....all good, some fantastic. Good job banana leaf! 
I read past reviews, and quite often service had issues. Overall our service was above average. I hope they will try and achieve consistency in that area as the rest of the experience is worth a HIGHLY recommended rating from me. It is only my one experience. Disclosure......I have a Malaysian background."
We were here last week and the food was amazing, the service incredible and the atmosphere was great as well. This is a do not miss kind of restaurant for anyone visiting Vancouver or a local.
"We had beef satay, hainanese chicken, mee goreng and char hor fun (wide ride noodles).  

We traveled from Seattle to Vancouver just to dine here.  The char hor fun is by far the best dish of the evening.  They have gotten the smoky aroma down perfectly, something very few joints are able to pull off.  Presumably most customers do not ask for nor consume a side of fresh, cut green chilis, but locals do this and they go very well with the dish.  The restaurant is ready when you ask.

The other dishes are also excellent.  A somewhat shocking revelation is that I have found that the quality of ""street food"" in Singapore has deteriorated due to many hawkers retiring and not passing on their skills and craft to their offspring, who would rather aspire to a white collar corporate career.  Hence the void is filled by imported labor who through no fault of theirs, simply do not know what the real stuff is supposed to taste like.  

Thankfully, the unique flavors of the cuisine of that region is well preserved by the staff of the Banana Leaf... I dare say the food is more authentic compared to if you blindly travel to Singapore and wander into one of their gazillion food stores and not doing your prior research.   To get real Singaporean food you have to talk to the locals who would love to show you their discoveries.   If you do not have such connections, you'd be better off eating at the Banana Leaf!"
"First time here to try their delicious lunch menu. They have set course menus and lunch special prices. We came here for lunch and they got packed quite quickly!
*
Green Asian salad ($10) ~ this consisted of pineapple and papaya and this isn't the typical papaya salad with shredded papaya. But the dressing they used was so good! It was tangy and sweet perfect contrast between the two. The pineapples were super sweet and the spinach was super good on the dressing.
*
Char kuey Teow (LS) ($14) ~ this is the best one I've had yet! The flavours were there, and the noodles were perfectly cooked. They had lots of filling consisting of meat,
Seafood (such as shrimp, squid, fish cake, etc). The flavours pop out and it's probably the best char kuey teow I've never had!
*
Singapore laksa (LS) ($14) ~ there laksa had a lot of filling in it! Every bite I took had some sort of seafood in it! The noodles were good and thin make it take up the sauce to make it more delicious. The laksa sauce itself, isn't bad! Definitely not my #1 go to place for it but it's something I'd get again! The good thing is that it's not
Too heavy or rich. So it's perfect for lunch!
*
 9/10 - I really liked coming here, and the flavouring was delicious! Char kuey teow 100% recommend!
*
 10/10 - lunch here is a must because the menu was around $14-15. Plus the portions were super good too! We had trouble finishing it all but we had no regret anything! Total bill before tip: $39.90"
"This contemporary interior Banana Leaf on Broadway and Willow did not disappoint me. It was different from how I remember it from years ago.

The food was beautiful and authentically delicious. The appetizer curry spiced oysters could melt in your mouth while the thin and crispy batter was evenly seasoned with curry and spices. The greens were fresh and appetizing. I haven't had lamb shank for a while. This braised one was so tender that the meat fell right off the bone. The carrots and veggies were cooked so well in the lamb sauce. For our carb, we chose char kuey teow (spicy stir fried rice noodle with seafood) which had the perfect spiciness for my liking. It might be a little too spicy for certain people. You might want to check with the waiter/waitress if they can adjust the spiciness. It was very comforting and flavourful! For dessert the pisang goreng (fried banana with vanilla ice cream) was traditional and yet very well made. The deep fried exterior was not too greasy while the inside was the sweet and tender banana.

I will go back and try other dishes. This is a great place for friends to hang out. Next time I will make reservation again as this place is always busy regardless what day in the week it is."
"Good ol Banana leaf. I've been to this location and others on several occasions. It's always a good time here.

Some must haves when you come to the banana leaf is definitely the roti canai, skewers  and their nasi goreng.

This is the original restaurant I believe... And they've renovated the inside and it looks great. Has a real tropical vibe to it.

The food just has a lot of flavor and spices and the cooks are always on their a game its always the same quality consistent food each time I dine here. 

I love the banana leaf I think it's definitely a Vancouver staple. I will always come back here to enjoy it with friends."
"Banana Leaf has become the standard by which I compare all other Malaysian/Indonesian restaurants - which is a bad thing because I've yet to find another that measures up! This wouldn't be a problem if I was still living in Vancouver; luckily, I visit often. (I always say the reasons I go back to Vancouver are [in this order]: 1. Mom, 2. FOOD, 3. Friends)

Over the six years I've been coming here, there have been a few additions to their menu and the prices have gone up a bit (damn you inflation!), but little else has changed - in a good way. Besides the food, two standouts are the Malaysian décor (e.g. traditional Malaysian kites, called mau, hang on the walls) and the very attractive female staff. As for the food, I've tried many of the items on their menu. But since I don't have the luxury of coming here whenever I want anymore, I've pared down the menu to a select few favourites that I always order. 

I start off every meal with a half-order of ROTI CANAI (flaky layered bread, http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=H3dwlRD3z3g9BJAuywUB0w). It's incredible - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and full of buttery-goodness (but surprisingly not that greasy). The curry dip is amazing with it but the roti itself is so good it doesn't really need it.

The pièce de résistance has got to be the SINGAPORE LAKSA (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=DbTvYKEOTUGpTpB6BWAhRw). O-M-F-G! My mouth has a mini-orgasm every time I have this. The coconut soup is so rich and incredibly flavourful with the dried shrimps and lemongrass. The rice vermicelli, which has a large surface area : volume ratio, is perfect for soaking up lots of soup! Same goes for the sponge-like tofu puffs :) The bountiful toppings of bean sprouts, egg, chicken, fish cake, squid and shrimp are all fresh and never overcooked!

Another favourite is the Alaskan BLACK COD WITH CARAMELIZED GINGER SAUCE. The sauce is sweet, savoury, garlicky, and goes perfectly with rice. Despite how flavourful it is, the sauce doesn't overpower the fish - which is fatty and super-flavourful itself.

For dessert you can't go wrong with the always-popular fried banana with ice cream. For something a little different, I always get the PULUT HITAM (black sticky rice pudding, http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=_mCuDFyxvhVGn4L3VBVxOw, served with coconut milk, with or without durian). The sticky rice is served hot, has a great chewy texture, is not too sweet, and has a wonderful nutty/chocolate-y flavour.

Recently, I had the fried oysters and braised lamb shank. The oysters (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=67VtrUQ8SYgWECTw3779KA) were crisp, plump, and well seasoned with loads of cracked peppercorn. Though the lamb shank (http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/eUf08fT2qf-l8Ofi--sETw?select=4opehz8O29a1YM3_iz0BpQ) wasn't as tender as I would like, it was flavourful and I liked all the cumin in the broth.

I've never really had a dish I didn't like. Other notable items are the kari lamb, Malaysian curry chicken, anything with sambal sauce, and mee goreng (Malaysian fried egg noodle)."
"My first day in Vancouver and I find a place

A) in the gay village

B) with decent LAKSA?

SIGN ME UP.

The restaurant menu was a but confusing because they had a lot of different menu and combo options, but I was there for the LAKSA only.

It tasted PHENOMENAL and was exactly what I wanted. I also ordered the pandan iced tea which was refreshing and the Lamb skewers which were really well done.

Loved this place and will def come back when I'm in Vancouver again"
Great food, great price, and great service! Been meaning to try this for a while, finally did and will be back! Drinks are delicious and priced fairly. Food comes out quick, is reasonably priced and tasty. Great food without breaking the bank.
"It's dine out round 2 for me! Went to Banana Leaf on W Broadway (close to VGH) to try out their Malaysian food. Their dine out menu is different from other restaurants in that it's 7 courses to share family-style at $20 per person.

Since there were 7 of us in the group, we decided that we would only order 2 dine out sets and the rest from the regular menu to share. I'll start my review with the dine out set. Note that each dish is meant to be shared between 2 people (except for the salads, which are individually served).

The appetizers for dine out consisted of Asian Salad with Papaya & Pineapple, Nyonya Calamari, and Lettuce Wraps.The salad was quite refreshing and definitely had a Southeast Asian flair. It was dressed with a sort of sweet chilli fish sauce, making it sweet, spicy, and salty/sour at the same time. The calamari wasn't bad. It could've been crispier but it tasted pretty good with the sweet and sour chilli sauce that it came with. For the wraps, they give you fresh lettuce with some sautéed shredded meat, mushrooms, and veggies for the filling and you wrap it yourself. There's also hoisin sauce to give it some flavour.
   
The 3 entrees were Gulai Fish Fillet, Sambal Green Beans, and 10 Veggie & Spices with Boneless Chicken. I was surprised how the Gulai Fish was actually quite spicy. It was good though! It was in a curry-like sauce and it had lots of delicious lemongrass flavour. It was good though! I thought the Sambal Green Beans were just okay. They were in a dry shrimp paste. The beans were cooked nicely -- still had a nice crunch but I just thought it was a bit bland. Definitely could've used some more of that shrimp paste. Thirdly, nothing special about the chicken. It was in a red curry type of sauce.

Dessert for the dine out menu was the Pandan Coconut Panna Cotta with Gula Melaka. This is meant to be for 2 people but it's really quite small. Tasted quite good though. The panna cotta was like a jelly with both pandan (green) and coconut flavours (white) and the gula melaka is like a sweet syrup with hints of coconut.

For $20 per person, I would say the dine out menu is well worth it. You get to sample various Malaysian dishes which is great if you just want to try it out or if you're not too familiar with the cuisine. I highly recommend it for dine out! As for our à la carte orders from the regular menu, read on to find out what we got!

I love Roti Canai. It's a type of flatbread that's soft and a bit buttery served with curry sauce. The roti had nice texture. It was still a bit flaky and had a hint of sweetness.

Another appetizer we ordered was the Eggplant Fries. It was our first time having these and it was a delight among the table! They were served very hot, they had a thin yet crispy batter, and the eggplant was soft and silky inside. Also, they were seasoned well with salt and drizzled with Thai chilli sauce.

The Caramelized Ginger Black Cod was by far my favourite dish. It came out very hot which is great and the fish was cooked perfectly. Soft inside and the skin was crispy without any scales (yay!). It had a nice, sweet, caramelized flavour.

The Gulai Seafood had green beans, scallops, prawns, fish, mussels, clams, and squid in the same spicy Gulai sauce from the fish fillet in the dine out menu. We didn't know it was the same thing just with more seafood but it's okay we liked it anyways!

I don't really like lamb but the Braised Lamb Shank Halal was not bad. The meat was fall-off-the-bone tender.

The Fried Hokkien Mee wasn't the best. It came out as soon as we ordered it so the noodles must've been pre-cooked already. They were a bit limp too.

Overall, a solid experience here at Banana Leaf on Broadway. The service was good -- waiters were quick to clear our dishes and refill our waters. However, they do charge a 15% gratuity on parties of 6 or more so just be aware of that. Quite satisfied with the food, especially the caramelized black cod. Meals can be quite pricy though. Our bill came to around $160 after tax and tip. However, I'll definitely be back for their late night happy hour from 9-11pm. :)

Food - 8/10
Service - 8/10
Ambience - 8/10
Value - 7.5/10"
I was having a long day so I thought I would grab some take out. I was on Broadway so of course my first thought was banana leaf, then I looked at my watch it was only 4pm.  were they open? YES!! I am not sure when they changed their hours but they are now open all day. I was so so happy. I got my Mee Goreng with extra peanut sauce then raced to the Canada Line for my crowded ride home. I told myself I would eat half and save the other half. It didn't happen.  it was so good I ate it all! They have a nice tasting menu 9 courses for $30. I hope to return soon with a friend. Love you always Banana Leaf!
"I have dined at Banana Leaf quite a bit over the years (and recently having it delivered) and while it's not the most amazing food you'll ever taste, I will say that it has been consistently *good* and you always know what to expect.

Another bonus is that they have a lot of menu options so you're sure to find something for your tastes that will fill your stomach.

Overall, I have been happy with my experiences with Banana Leaf and would definitely recommend it as a good spot to try out for Malaysian cuisine."
"We took friends for dinner to Banana Leaf as we found their food and service consistent and delicious.
With COVID we respect the constraints on any restaurant but this wasn't the best experience.
After taking our orders, a little while later our server asked if she could bring out the apples and mains together!! Really?!
Even at the time of placing our orders, she was reluctant to take orders for coconut rice (goes perfectly with beef tending) claiming the kitchen was busy!
Well, I have not experienced this before with them so I'll give them 4 stars for their food, the server was cheerful friendly and professional- something was wrong with their kitchen."
"The Banana Leaf has done major renovations.  Personally we prefer it the way it used to be.  We find it to be very generic with the renovation and it feels just like any other restaurant.  Before it had so much character and you felt like you were dining in an Asian restaurant as the décor and ambiance were more like you would expect of an Asian restaurant.  Now it feels so sterile with no soul and warmth.

The food however is still exceptional.  We had the 11 course tasting menu for $45.00 and all the dishes were very good if not exceptional.  I will not name all the dishes as you can check it out on their website.  To us although everything was very good we found the following 4 dishes to be exceptional.  The mussels in cumin sauce were some of the best mussels that we've had.  The sauce was delicious.  My husband ended up scooping up the sauce with a spoon and eating it like soup after the mussels were all gone.  The lobster tail in garlic butter and peppercorn sauce.  This is the one dish that seemed to be a regular size serving.  With and 11 course menu most of the items are tapas size.  The lobster tail was so tender and tasty.  We licked the shells and there was so much flavour.  The  carmelized ginger seabass was amazing.  The skin was so nice and crisp but the fish itself was so smooth and flakey.  It was melt in your mouth tender and not overcooked. The dessert of deep fried banana with ice cream was a great way to end a wonderful meal.  It was a good size banana cut in half and served with ice cream and peanuts.  The 11 course tasting menu is $45.00  

Service was very good.  I just wish that they had managed to the warmth and welcome feeling of the old Banana Leaf when they did the remodelling.

They do have a limited number of parking spaces at the rear of the restaurant but you will have to negotiate some stairs down to the restaurant from their parking lot.

We'll definitely be back."
"After a nice long walk around the seawall our tummies were rumbling so we decided to check out restaurants nearby and came across Banana Leaf. We hadn't been in several years so decided to pop in and so glad we did! 
We noticed it was almost happy hour so we took our time with the menu, which is quite extensive and decided on the Char Kuey Teow, which has shrimp and squid in the mix of flat rice noodles and egg, beans sprouts and fish cake, basically a staple for any meal and always good! 
From the happy hour menu we chose the eggplant fries, which are incredibly lightly battered and crisp, comes with a sweet chili dipping sauce and not at all greasy tasting, I could have eaten the whole plate! We also had the shredded papaya mango Kearny salad, very refreshing and has a slight tangy taste to it. The vegetable spring rolls were also very good but I found the wrapping a little on the thick side for my liking. 
They've added quite a few more dishes over the years and their wine and cocktail menu has grown exponentially! They've now come up with many lunch combos, and tasting menus of 7, 9 or 11 dishes ranging in price from $20-45 pp as well as daily specials. 
The service is excellent and the staff are friendly. Happy hour items on Sundays goes from 3-6 pm. Such a great way to share a few plates as an afternoon snack or later as dinner! I can't wait to come back and try some other dishes. They have an upstairs seating area too at this location on Robson and Denman."
I wasn't big on Malaysian food until a friend of mine told me to try the Banana Leaf. I like Indian food, and even though these two are completely different cultures, their food is quite similar. The restaurant is like something out of Malaysia itself. Such a colorful room with Malaysian artifacts on the wall and traditional music played softly in the background. The servers are so nice it almost makes you feel ashamed of your own bad manners. We ordered the seven course dinner. At $25 per person, it gives you a taste of all the best food they have to offer. The roti canai and the spring rolls are to die for! There are so many flavors. It's like every plate served in front of you brings you to another level of culinary delight. Your palate will multi-orgasm with every change of dish they serve you. Their fried banana dessert is a good way to end the meal. It's a unique choice for dinner or lunch out, but if you're in the mood to try something new, try the Leaf.
Tasty! They've got vegetarian and gluten free option and have always been accommodating to make noodle dishes vegetarian too.  So Flavourful! I like the Gado Gado salad. Others rave about Roti & Redang beef. Usually we get take-out because the restaurant is so busy.
Beautiful place. However very very busy. But waitors/CS are very pleasing to deal with. The food is remarkable. I don't think we eaten anything unpleasing! Amazing cuisine! Even their plates and bowls are so pretty and well thought of. They really value their customers and it says a lot with their interior plating and dishes. I'm always very pleased coming here!
"Banana Leaf have been around for quite awhile as I remember. They also have multiple locations which is convenient.

I really like their Rendang beef curry, satays, and pineapple fried rice. Their ginger beef is a close second.

Every banana leaf is decorated different but has a Malaysian feel to them. It makes a Good atmosphere for friend gatherings, family or a date night. The restaurant can get loud at times though before covid.

The service was good, servers were attentive and accommodating.

I have yet to try out all of their locations, but I've been to the ones in Kits, Davie and Broadway. The food quality is quite similar, which speaks to their dedication of holding up standards across the board."
"I've tried the following and think they're amazing:
- Sambal green beans
- Sambal crab
- tofu goreng
- nasi goreng
- kong pow chicken
- roti
- papaya salad

I had the redang beef and deep fried peppercorn oysters and they didn't stand out at all.

Let's talk about the service, or the lack there of. I tolerated it simply because the food was so great. I went twice in the same week and the service was lackluster both times - but I forgive you because your food really makes up for it. 

Love the price of the lunch menu! Please note they open at 11:30am, so don't accidentally go earlier and be disappointed they're not open yet (made that mistake before).

Had Tropika on Cambie Street before and I'd say Banana Leaf wins for best Malaysian food (though I'm partial to Tropika's salted fish fried rice!)."
"My family went for a Sunday lunch. It was pretty busy but surprisingly the service was super efficient. 

Three of us ordered five dishes (papaya salad, ten veggies ten spices, pineapple fried rice, scallops and lettuce wrap) and two desserts (coconut rice pudding and durian black rice) in total with a side of coconut rice. 

The only two dishes I would order again were the ten veggies ten spices and the pineapple fried rice. The ten veggies ten spices was definitely the MVP since my mom even started the experiments at home to recreate this dish. That, the desserts and the service speed were the reasons of my 5/5 review. 

The portion size was pretty decent. My boyfriend and I both have a crazy appetite and were full afterwards. 

Also, the desserts were super good. I would recommend the durian black rice more if you don't hate durian. My family loved both desserts. 

If I go again by myself, I would order the ten veggies ten spices and a coconut rice to go with it, and I surely will be 200% satisfied :)"
You will usually have to wait for a table as it's always busy during dinner service. I've been here several times, though the last time I noticed they increased their prices and the food wasn't as great as before. However, most of their dishes are quite flavourful, especially their coconut curry dishes. Their banana dessert is really good. I took one star off as the value for the price has decreased.
"Lovely Meal 11course special I had with a friend for lunch $45 pp. good varieties Lobster tail in Chilli crab sauce, just delicious along with saber fish well fried jumbo prawns was excellent curried scallops , along with satay and beef rendang and desserts banana fritters n ice cream 
Excellent choices good value highly recommended !!!
Jock"
Haven't been here in at least 5 years.   Came here for lunch today.  Service is ok but the food isn't as good as it use to be.  Ordered the Roti which is a good portion.  Also ordered the mee goreng and beef rendang.  The mee goreng was pretty wet and not very flavourful.  The beef rendang was ok but talk about chintzy on the meat.  Got like 5 pieces of beef.  Veggies were ok but a little over cooked.  Not sure we will be back here again.   Very average which is disappointing.
Ordered out the other day.  The beef rendang was so spicy.  Never had rendang that spicy and I can eat spice too.   That was a bit disappointing cause it wasn't really edible.   I think someone miscalculated on the amount of spice.  The mee goreng and char kuey teow were good.   The containers aren't that big but they are packed in with food.   I'll stick with these dishes next time but definitely won't be ordering the beef rendang.    Also to note is that I got the char kuey teow for free with a $30 purchase on Uber eats so that was nice.
Good service and friendly staffs. Lots of tables and seats. Some takeouts too and the decorations are modern. Medium noise level but on the nosier side. Clean restaurant and restrooms. Pretty busy but still very attentive. Catch on fast and wait time isn't long. Their cocktails are decent and their food is delicious. Really like their desserts too. Lots of options for both food and drinks. The beef curry is good and a bit mild spicy but the beef could be a bit more tender. It was a bit dry the last time I went. Flavourful and over all a great evening with my girlfriend.
"I hadn't been here in years, but now that they can make so many of their dishes vegan, we decided to give it a shot. They do a vegan version of their laksa--which is rare to find--so we were excited to be able to try it. Solid portion, with lots of vegetables (broccoli, peppers, okra, carrots, bean sprouts, and eggplant), tofu, and vermicelli, with an absolutely divine broth. My only complaint would be the half-inch layer of chili oil floating on top when we opened the soup, which we managed to dispose of with some effort. The laksa quality and authenticity matches some of the better ones I had in Malaysia last summer--very impressive. Their base price for the vegan laksa is thankfully cheaper ($16) than their regular one ($18), plus they offer 15% off for takeout, so their normally high prices are brought down to reasonable levels when doing vegan and takeout. Highly recommended. Just fantastic food.

EDIT: We've now returned and tried a bunch more of their dishes, since so many of their dishes can be done vegan. Everything we ordered was absolutely fantastic, with the highlights perhaps being the spinach, and the sambal, though it was all top-notch. Only minor complaint is the high oil content -- perhaps we'll request lower oil next time."
"First choice if someone asks me where to try hainanese chicken. Deboned and cooked to perfection, with generous servings. A half chicken order is enough for two people if you get some sides to go with it.

A sign near the till reads ""we are VERY short staffed"" and the waiter seemed a bit overwhelmed but we didn't have any delays in getting our food or getting served.

They have a big drinks selection too. Iced lemon tea and iced coffee were quite sweet.

Small space, and you can expect to wait during peak hours like lunch.

But flavour and texture wise, I haven't really found anywhere else in this city that does the boiled chicken this well. So top marks!"
"In search for a better Hainanese chicken place brought me to mamalee on a Saturday.  The whole chicken was boneless which was a good thing, but the chicken was way too wet, wet does not mean juicy, and the dipping sauce provided was quite sour. The yellow rice was ok, has flavour.  When they deboned the chicken, there was not much left. Had better hainanese chicken at City 1 Cafe in King Edward Mall.
Also had the roti, flaky ok but also had better at Tropika

Friendly service.....but.....will not return. $50 for the above two dishes plus 2 small bowls of yellow rice."
"Mamalee Malaysian Delight is located in Kitsilano, and it is more closer to UBC area.  This place is pretty small.

We ordered half Boneless Hainanese Chicken.  It was nice and soft, but it was in a quite small portion size.  We also ordered a Laksa Noodle Soup.  It was ok, but it was not the best we have have though.

Totally don't recommend the Chee Chong Fen.

Food: Can Try! 3/5
Service: ‍‍‍ 3/5
Price: $30-$50 for two
Presentation:  2/5
Parking: Street Parking 
Would I Return: No

Explore the Menu: Boneless Hainanese Chicken, Laksa Noodle Soup , Roti Canai, Chee Chong Fen 
Tips:
*Accept Cash or Debit Card only
*Charge extra for dipping sauce 
*Charge extra for container"
The Hainanese Chicken here is pretty good! The servers are cute. Definitely a good place to go. But please make sure that you have cash or a domestic Debit card :)
"Finally got the chance to eat here last BC Family day long weekend, 2 weeks ago.

The long line-up was a deja vu for us.  It was like Singapore all over again, you ""queue"" for good food and is definitely well worth the wait! 

The Singaporean chicken rice tasted very authentic! By far the best Singaporean chicken we've had in the last 4 years. We also ordered the Bak Kut Teh but was disappointed. The stew was good but they used pork
chop instead of ribs so it tasted very different. 

I gave it 4 stars for great menu except for the Bak Kut Teh. One star off because they close on weekends. Not readily accessible for us who do not live in Downtown."
SIMPLY PHENOMENAL!!! We took a weekend flight out to Vancouver from Los Angeles for a food run last weekend. Inevitably MamaLee was on top priority on our food mission. I am a huge fan of traditional Chinese cuisine and Hainan Chicken Rice ranks pretty high up there on my list. I have always thought that Savoy Kitchen (Alhambra, CA)  makes the best Hainan Chicken out of all the spots I've ever tried, including overseas in Asia. After my visit to MamaLee's, I realized I have been completely tricked all my life! MamaLee's Hainanese Chicken Rice is the BEST I have ever had!!! I was literally almost in tears during my first couple of bites in. I could not tell if it was dark meat or white meat I was chewing on. The texture and consistency of the boneless chicken meat was so JUICY and TENDER that my taste buds didn't know what to do! Of course the flavor was on point, every bite was as amazing as the first (explosion in your mouth). Complimented by the oh-so-chewy special ingredient garlic rice and the ginger sweet & sour sauce for dipping, it was the closest thing to heaven on earth! My friends and I wanted to order another whole chicken for no reason just to keep the party going. We also ordered Fishball Laksa Noodle Soup, Curry Beef Brisket Rice, and Spicy Pan Mee. Every dish was so mind-blowing good! We were all sad that we had no room left for dessert, it'll have to wait until the next visit. As we finished our meal, I was so touched by her cooking that I had to personally thank MamaLee for creating the most magical Hainan Chicken Rice to grace the earth! She was very sweet and humble, and even let us take a picture with her. Thank you MamaLee for this amazing tastebud life-changing experience, and we hope to see you again really soon so we can try the rest of your entire menu! Much love!
This place is really a gem.  I almost always get the Hainan chicken laksa, and it's always good, sometimes amazing.  Laksa styles vay from place to place.  This one does not have as much dried shrimp and crispy shallot as some, but on a rainy Vancouver day, this really warms a body up!   One thing worth noting is that Cafe D'Lite has the absoute best greens in oyster sauce I've tasted in the city.  They blanch the fresh vegetables in a really tasty stock instead of plain water, and then use a really premium oyster sauce, all topped with crispy fried shallot.   Truly awesome.  Their Hainan chicken and rice is the best in the city.  I've been to Singapore many times, and this place rates pretty high!
"Hainan chicken was something I'd not tried before so I didn't realize it was served luke warm and that tainted my opinion.

This place is popular and I guess more of a lunch option to the area if you want something cheaper than banana leaf across the way.

The Roti Canai was awesome, the chicken,.. less so but I see potential here in some of the other menu items and will make a point to come back in the colder months and try the curries for example.

It is not a glamourous place but not completely lowbrow either,.. they have a sign in sheet so you don't have the stress off battling other patrons for a spot,.. you also order by using a dry erase menu,.. for some reason I kind of liked that."
Hands down the best hainanese chicken around. I personally don't even really like hainanese chicken because I find it cold and usually there's more bone than meat, but this place - there are no bones, it's warm, the sauce is yummy, the rice is flavoured - I ate my whole plate! It looks pretty also. I heard there are long line ups, so luckily it was dead when we went. It is family owned, so not the most efficient, but good enough. The second time we went (hubby absolutely loves this), we ordered take out instead. I find it very strange that they charge $1 for take out on top of your order when you would think they would prefer this since it can get busy. That was my only beef. The other noodle dish I ordered was not very good, so I think we will only be ordering the hainanese chicken every time we are in the area.
"If you don't want to be addicted to this place then stay away. Actually, stay away anyway because the more people that comes here the less chicken for me!

I absolutely love this place. Used to called Café Delight, Mama Lee make best Hainan Chicken in town! The best part about the chicken, aside from the delicious sauce and perfectly cooked and oiled rice, is they are boneless. You can devour those chicken with the minimum about of time and effort. 

Also try other things on the menu like the satay and curry. But seriously, once you have those chickens I don't know why you would ever want to eat anything else in here.

It's a very small place so often there will be a bit of a line. Put your name down on the white board there and prepare to push other people away who are in front of you. Because... Yes, you are right, NOTHING should be between you and those chicken!!!"
"The best Chicken and Rice I've had outside of Singapore. This place has been open for years and have maintained consistent quality throughout. 

Portions are a bit small if you order the regular (if possible, get the half chicken to share instead of ordering separately), but meat is juicy, tender and everything is deboned. The rice absorbs the essence of the chicken and is super flavorful. 

I also like the roti canai here and it is very light and fluffy. I also recommend the laksa as the soup base is very rich and flavourful. The bak kut teh is more herbal and reminiscent of Chinese herbal medicine so it is less rich in flavourful but the pork is deboned and the broth is not as salty as many other places. 

These days, there can be long lines at times, but definitely worth the wait as it has one of the best Singaporean food in the city."
"I just came home from dinner at Mamalee's.  is it Mamalee? or Mama Lee?  I always thought Mama Lee...  but now i'm not so sure.  But that's besides the point.  

This place has the most delicious Hainanese chicken I've ever had!  But that's just about all I ate on my previous visits.  Tonight, however, I was lucky enough to go with 5 other big eaters and I got to try a whole lotta dishes!  Here I go...

Roti...  What can I say about their Roti.  It was the best Roti I had in the city.   It was buttery (although, i'm not sure if butter was even used) and flakey!!!  The only place i had roti better than this place was some hole in the wall in Seattle.  But that's another review I'll write another day.  

Chicken curry wasn't my favorite but that's probably because it was overshadowed by the brisket curry.  Oh lordy...  that brisket curry was pretty amazing. nom nom NOM!

Seafood laksa was also yummilicious.  But if there was a gun pointed to my head and I was forced to order one dish as my last meal here, it wouldn't be it.  That'd be the Hainanese chicken and roti (oh come on, that's an appetizer...  i'm sure I can squeeze that in).  

OH and don't forget to try the corn juice.  If you like corn and you like juice, this should be heavenly for you!  

The only reason why I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because I think the staff could be a bit friendlier.  But that's my opinion..."
"This is a small family-owned Malaysian restaurant serving up various Hainanese chicken dishes, curry, laksa, seasonal vegetables, and appetizers such as roti. 

There's usually a line up, but wait time isn't too bad as turnaround time is fairly quick. Most dishes here are individual sizes and portion is a little small (I wasn't full). On average, dishes are around the $10-11 mark. 

The Hainanese chicken was delicious! The meat was tender and had that ""slippery"" texture, BUT not overly soft. They don't have the ginger onion tipping sauce, but the sauce they gave us complimented the chicken very well and had the right amount of spice.

The curry beef brisket was a let down. The curry was thin so it didn't stick on to the briskets and potatoes. So although the beef and potatoes were cooked well, they lacked taste because of the consistency of the curry. The curry also wasn't spicy, which I didn't mind since I can't take spice too well. However, the curry lacked aroma and that depth of flavour curry typically has. It also needed more salt. 

I would come back because I really enjoyed the chicken, but I'll pass on the curry next time."
Hainanese chicken definitely worth the hype and one of the best in town. Pricey but good food overall.
"I got take out here the other night. Large Hainanese chicken rice, and curry beef brisket rice.

The chicken was cooked nice, the rice was very good. The sauce was okay, but it was basically just a sweet and sour sauce with a hint of heat. Perhaps I was expecting too much, but I was hoping for separate ginger, chili, and dark soy sauces like they do in Singapore/Malaysia. Regardless, it was good and I will be ordering it again. For $12.50, it was a fair value, but I was expecting something a little larger.

The curry beef brisket rice was pretty good too. The beef was cooked nicely, very tender. I don't think I'll be ordering again soon though. The curry beef brisket at Mui Garden is much better (and much richer), in my opinion."
If you love hainanese chicken, you definitely have to come to Mamalee's and try it out. The restaurant is very small, and there is usually a line but the wait is never too long. We usually order a full chicken plate with a drink. The laksa is also quite good, but the real winner is the chicken, the best we have tried so far in the city. Prices are fair, service is average. We would recommend the chicken and we have been back a couple of times.
"This place is wonderful when feeling hungry for Malaysian homestyle food while trying to avoid alleyway of the deep fried. I have probably visited once every season, no doubt would dine in more often had the location be closer to my residence. The price is a little more than reasonable, and a bit stingy on the sauces, but it's not something I eat too often.

I could chow down on a Hainanese half chicken order. The poultry is served boneless and lean; the texture, smooth, firm and light. Scoop them into the ginger-based tangy spicy sauce served on the side and my appetite heightens for extra. The broth-infused rice makes the meal heartier to enjoy, which appears slightly yellow hued and lightly salted from the broth. The roti canai is brought out warm and flakey, with a small bowl of mildly spiced curry for dipping. You can hear the crispy coat of the roti crackle above the chewy body when you tear a piece. The Laksa noodles with Chicken is filling as well, the taste being comparably on the blander side, which I didn't mind but probably wouldn't order again. We ordered the Lotus root soup and finished the large bowl, the flavour similar to an earthier taste to chicken soup, the root vegetable texture similar to potatoes. 

The restaurant gets extremely busy during dinner hours, so plan accordingly and be ready to wait, especially for groups that are 4 or more. Parking of course, is just as fun as anywhere on the busy street."
"This is a hidden gem in Vancouver as you won't see their ads anywhere.

Their specialty is Hainan Chicken and rice which is by far the best I ever had.  The chicken is soft and tender and juicy, and it's boneless.  It's so tasty ... just absolutely delicious!!!!!  The ""soy sauce"" and the special sauces on the side for the chicken are also great!  You can actually purchase them along with the dishes if you like.    Order the Gailan (veggie) and have it along with your chicken.  You won't be disappointed!  Their curry beef stew is also very good!

I will sure miss this place when I return to the US.  :-("
"This place is close to my hood and in the past it has closed down due to health issues a couple times. I am not going to deny that even though I know about they having sanitary issues. I still go. Their Hainese chicken are really good. But not cheap. A friend told me that they are very authentic. 

I don't they have parking. Well I have never drove there. I go by feet because I am super close by. 

As a tip I suggest ordering a whole chicken to stare then to order it individual portion. Its cheaper and you do get more. Another thing to note is that this place is super small. Not a lot of tables. And also they close early. 

I can't remember which day but they are close on one of the weekend day I believe."
Cheap. Fast. And good. Service isn't too great but you get what you pay for. Food is good and I always get their laksa. I like to take it to go since there is always a line up.
"This was my lunch grub today. I had full intention to take a nice super clear digital pic of my lunch but I wolfed it down without coming up for air and totally forgot about snapping a pic *sigh*. Their boneless chicken rice is THAT good! You have to like poached chicken tender pieces of chicken to like their signature dish. Its poached to such tenderness you barely have to chew it. This is Singapore's known national dish I believe. The room is small and decor minimal. I have tried their curry and laksa dishes as well but those are nothing to write home about. 

Service is fast and friendly and if you are hooked on their home made chili sauce, you can buy a jar home and seriously it goes with anything and everything. The only one downer is its cashola only but that doesn't take away from their most deserving 5 star rating!"
"We tried a few dishes and they were hit and miss.

The good:
- spicy (chili) pan mee. This was really good and reminded me of the chili pan mee in KL (Malaysia) and Singapore. The ikan bilis (deep fried dried anchovies) were crispy and nicely salted. It was not too spicy and the egg could have runnier yolk. The noodle was al dente and tasted like ban mian (hand made noodles).

- Hainanese chicken rice. This was pretty legit. I like how the chicken was plated like in Soup Restaurant in Singapore. Only the green onion or ginger (?) sauce was different. The rice was good too.


The not so good:
- Hainanese chicken laksa. This was so-so. The laksa gravy was quite tasteless, and lacked the rich lemak of the coconut milk. It seemed to be missing some spices too. Banana Leaf (on Denman) has a better version.

- Iced chendol. Total fail. How could it not have gula melaka? Gula melaka (palm sugar) is the backbone of the chendol. I could not finish it as it was just like drinking coconut milk. A waste of the $5+ for this dessert drink

- Iced bubur cha cha was also average. Not as bad as the chendol.

I will come back again, just for the chili pan mee and maybe chicken rice. 

There were many people waiting outside when we got there. Just write your name on the wait list board by the door and wait. 

Note: this was Cafe D'light before the renaming to Mamalee."
One of the best location for Hainan Chicken plate. Their home-made sauce is the best. It's really worth the waiting.
"I love their Hainan chicken. Boneless, juicy and tasty. The sauce that comes with it is also the bomb!!! Delicious combination. The chicken rice however has room for improvement. It was a little dry. 

Laksa and curry beef brisket is very mediocre. Curry is quite tasteless and disappointing. Hardly tasted any curry spice in it except heat and oil. I also find the laksa bland. Too much coconut milk in it and not enough spice again. Won't order both again. Perhaps my Malaysian tastebuds expected much more! 

Great variety of drinks. Be prepared for slow service here. Small number of staff."
Was in the area. The food is just average, nothing fancy. Just home style Malaysian cuisine. Hainanese chicken and roti was great. I think that they really miss the mark on the Nasi Lamak. I would go back to try their laksa soon.
"The best Hainanese Chicken Rice in the city or dare I say, outside of Singapore/Malaysia. Love the fact that it is boneless and their Hainanese styled rice is really tasty.

The other dishes that I must have when I visit Mamalee are:

Bak Kut Teh - this is a very fragrant pork in herbal/spice (not spicy) soup. Consisting mainly of the 5 spices family along with additional ingredients like goji berry and the Chinese herbs danggui

Pan Mee - hand-made noodles tossed in dark sauce soy with minced pork, fried shallots and chopped green onion

Curry Laksa - I usually go for the fish ball version

Be prepare for a bit of a lineup here....I normally order ahead and get it to go especially during peak hours."
Best hainese chicken in town. Boneless and they claim no MSG. Best roti. Tends to be more pricey but as long as it is great food, I'll pay.
It's been 10 years and I still think about your hainan chicken rice ALL the time. You are the reason I'm back to Vancouver again. It is still as yummy as i remembered. Thank you!!
My boyfriend and I have been looking for a good Roti since we moved to Vancouver. We weren't to impressed with a few other places we have tried but loved the Roti Cani here. I also got the Penang which was also awesome. Would recommend and we will be back.
"Let me try to remember ..... I have been to Mama Lee's about 4 times.  I've ordered their popular Haianese chicken, the Haianese soupy noodle, and curry dish as well.  The curry dish was too watery. I don't know if that's the way it's suppose to be but I prefer my curry sauce to be a bit thicker.  The taste was ok . The haianese chicken was ok not the best. I prefer the haianese chicken at City 1 Cafe on King Edward.  Their chicken is BONELESS and silky. Even their cold milk tea taste better. 

This place takes cash and debit only.

I'll still come back if in the neighbourhood."
"We've been going here for a long time and although it's still delicious, they've both jacked up the prices and slimmed down the portions. This time we smartened up and got the large size of Hainanese chicken with rice and it was a good amount, but the regular size would be too small for most. 

Also disappointing was the sauce. Before this last visit, there would always be 3 sauce containers included - black, red, green, but this time, only 1 sauce container with a combo of the red/green sauces. Not enough! 

As many people say, City 1 is a much better value for the Hainanese chicken/rice. Depending on which area we happen to be in, we would probably go back to City 1 over Mamalee in the future. 

Also to note, they accept cash/debit only so come prepared"
I haven't eaten such a delicious chicken for a while. The Hainanese Chicken Laksa is really good. Can't wait to try the famous Hainanese Chicken Rice!
"Favorite Hainanese Chicken restaurant in town. The chicken with rice is deboned and arranged circularly around a bowl of very aromatic rice. Service is quick but the seating area needs to be expanded. They have come a long way from being a hole in the wall restaurant many years ago. 

I have tried a few other items from their menu, but nothing was too inspiring. I recommend the chicken here, but not much else. 

Food: 5/5 (if only reviewing chicken)
Ambience: 3/5.Fast asian style restaurant
Service: 3/5.
Overall: 4/5. The chicken makes up for every shortcoming."
I have never tasted good chicken like Cafe D Lite does it. dam it's so good, i cant think of other dishes to try in their menu. how I wish they have more branches around vancouver.
The Hainese Chicken Laksa is delicious and Mamalee's is a great small family business in my local neighbourhood.
"This is the best Hainanese Chicken Rice in PNW. Rice is perfectly soaked in chicken stock, fragrant and full of flavor. It may sound simple, but rice distinguishes good and great chicken rice. The Chicken is incredibly tender and juicy. It's tender, but won't fall apart. Each slice holds in one piece with the outside silky and firm. The dipping sauce is tasty. Goes well with the rest of the dish.
Great price for such awesome food.
Tip: CASH ONLY. Expect line or order to go. Small is enough food for an average person. Large is a lot of food... If you're not Vancity local, order large so you can enjoy two meals haha."
"My coworkers like this place, a little bit too much for my liking :P

Good hainanese chicken, and hainam rice. Not too big of a fan of their curry, or their laksa. But I think I might just not be too big of a fan of Malaysian food. When I go, I usually stick with the hainamese rice and chicken :)

Will keep this review short because maybe I don't have that Malaysian acquired crave. I would prefer Indonesian bakmi goreng or nasi tim any day. 

Place is decribed as hole in the wall, service is friendly, and price is.. mediocre."
"Very good, for a HK-style Malaysian restaurant.  I suspected this would be the case the instant I walked in and heard Cantonese being spoken.  Not sure why people are questioning the authenticity - it's authentic HK-style Malaysian!

Parking is available on the side streets.

The inside of the restaurant looks like a HK-style cafe.  Surprise, surprise.

Staff were friendly and quick.  Very good ratio here.  The place never felt understaffed, and the waiter was always there within seconds of a wave.

The food here is very delicious.  Tropika and Banana Leaf come to mind if I were to compare.

Gai Lan with hoisin sauce - not too heavy on the sauce, which I like.  Served with deep fried bits of something something up top.

Hainan chicken rice - special mention.  They even debone it for you here.  Nice soft pieces.  Again, just the right amount of sauce.

Seafood laksa - generous portion of prawns, and nice soup.  Reminds me of Aberdeen Centre food court, if you've had the laksa there.

Roti - nice and fluffy. The dip tastes exactly like the laksa soup, which is beautiful.  Tastes pretty identical to that of Tropika, which is a good thing.

Beef brisket rice - nice pieces of beef, cooked just right.  Just the right mix of potatoes.

My only complaint - the portions are definitely on the small side.  In other words, it's overpriced.  The items looked big in the menu photos, but my friends and I were really scratching our heads.  The dishes were only slightly larger than tapas.  We considered going for fast food afterwards.

Oh yeah, and this place is closed on Sundays!  Beware.

Excellent taste, but mediocre value.  Hence the 4 stars instead of 5.  If only those dishes were bigger.."
"A decent dish of Hainan Chicken Rice but it is not the boom.
The chicken tasted ok but lack of chicken flavor.
The oil rice is in need of perfection.  The current taste is a pass.

Note: A bit pricy for a dish of chicken rice- $12 Canadian."
Best place hands down for homemade hainanese chicken. The beef brisket is awesome. Love the fact that it's a family run business. Best thing about the hainanese chicken for me, is that it's boneless, juicy, and flavorful.
"Let's start with the food. Got a large chicken + rice as well as a full chicken + 3 bowls of rice. Food wise it's decent, deboned chicken, and rice with solid sauces makes for a very satisfying and easy to eat meal. 

I actually haven't been to Mama Lee for years and in fact the last time I was here it may have still been called Cafe Dlite.

The reason this place gets a 3 star vs a 4 star rating is the price. When I called to ordered I assumed the price for a full chicken of $32.50 came with rice because well that's fairly standard across the City and also the price of almost $33 puts it at probably the most expensive already but to my surprise it didn't so I ordered 3 bowls and brought it to around $40. Now I'm not one to care about price, I'm the type that goes out and eats and doesn't look at the cost but with that said I like to feel it was worth it. Depending on which place you compare to if I had gotten 5 bowls of rice the price would have been twice as much as most other places if not pretty close. So the question for me would be is this place twice as good as Prada Man? or City 1 Cafe? Nope I wouldn't say so, I would actually say they're all fairly on par with none of them being a very clear winner by a long shot. So for that reason alone and it's a big reason I would never come back here and buy a full chicken ever again. I will however have no problems buying a chicken on rice because the price of that was in line with industry standards and even if it was slightly higher the worth is there."
"Hainanese chicken is the Best!
my favorite items to order: Hainanese chicken, Roti, Laksa."
"Came with friends, after some attempts, but they close kitchen early.
Compared with other Malaysian restaurants, would say the prices are a little bit cheaper than average, but the place is also less comfortable, cheaper in decoration, dirtier (it's not dirty at all but could be cleaner) and more attentive service. So putting all together, I would not point out the prices as an advantage, just more adapted to their conditions.
Also, the items on the ordering sheet do not match with the numbers and names on the menu, so watch it! Make sure you order what you really want to.
Food, hainanese chicken with rice is good, also liked the laksa but looked little bit small, and the curry beef with rice was tasty as well. Drinks came in a plastic cup, and looked way different form what you see on the menu.
Will keep going to our favourite Malaysian place even being further than this one."
Best hainese chicken in the city. Well actually the best believe it or not is in surrey at the t&t food court. Can't drive all the way out there though! Their beef curry stew is pretty good too.
"I can see why Mamalee is struggling with its yelp rating, but for a simple neighborhood food, the full house attendance will help bolster your confidence. 

My friend and I ordered the infamous Hainanese Chicken that from the yelp photos is always beautifully plated in a neat circle enclosing a bowl of yellow rice in the center. It is accompanied by a tiny sauce plate of red chilli garlic sauce and few freshly sliced cucumbers.   

But don't be fooled by its specious appearance of novelty - there's nothing revolutionary about it, just good ol' Hainanese chicken that is very tender and not too fatty, and has captured all the flavors the meat.  I'd suggest order the large portion and an extra side of the red chilli garlic sauce as well as a green ginger sauce to accompany the chicken. 

The Seafood Laksa comes with three small shrimps, few pieces of imitation crab, a tofu puff split in two, baby bean sprouts and mixed noodle (rice noodle and yellow noodle.  It is immersed in a fragrant broth that despite is too thin, is still very flavorful.   Perhaps a bit more quality content would help substantiate this noodle and justify a price of $9.95/bowl. 

So if you are not benchmarking this against other Malaysian joints, and are simply looking for an enjoyable ""too-lazy-to-cook-at-home"" meal, Mamalee can be your next stop.

Cheerio~"
"Finally got the chance to eat here last BC Family day long weekend, 2 weeks ago.

The long line-up was a deja vu for us.  It is like Singapore all over again, you ""queue"" for  good food and is definitt well worth the wait! 

The Singaporean chicken rice tasted very authentic! By far the best Singaporean chicken we've had in the last 4 years. We also ordered the Bak Kut Teh but was disappointed. The stew was good but they used pork
chop instead of ribs so it tasted very different. 

I gave it 4 stars for great menu except for the bak kut teh. One star off because they close on weekends. Not readily accessible for us who do not live in Downtown."
This used to be one of my favorite place to hit up if I am craving for Hainese Chicken. It's been a while since I have gone there and I was very disappointed of the size of the chicken. I ordered a large and what appears to look like a small. The Hainese chicken pieces were cut in very small pieces. For $13, I expected more. The food there is just as good. However, disappointed in the portion compared to perhaps a year ago.
"If I'm just rating for the hainan chicken I would give 4 stars. But over all, 3 because the restaurant is so small and always understaffed, and the bathroom is, well you don't want to go. 

I usually get laksa too, and it's pretty addicting because they use chicken stock seasoning in it. I know because you can see the big tin sometimes sitting on the kitchen counter. They must get really good broth from making their chicken, they should just make their laksa all natural without adding anything artificial. 

If you order side dishes it will get really expensive. It's always busy around lunch time."
The Haianese chicken is pretty good. I like how it's boneless and free of hassle. The roti canai was average.... A little bit too much on the sweet side for me. 3.5 stars.
"THE HAINAN CHICKEN MY PEOPLE!!! 

If you follow me you know I am in the search for the greatest Hainan Chicken. I haven't found it yet. BUT! I can say that you will not be disappointed. Tasty, lean but moist. The sauces might've been the best part. The rice was delicious too. Very homey tasting with a homey feeling. 

The disappointing thing was the Bubur Cha Cha (hot*) -- it is nothing like the picture, mostly liquidy product with slight sweetness that honestly, left us unimpressed. 

I also tried the Laksa Noodle soup and the clear noodle soup and they were effectively tasty. I was not crazy about the noodles but the broth was really flavorful. 

Cheap good eats. Explains why it was busy even on a Monday after lunch time."
The hainanese chicken taste really good juicy and enough flavour! However don't come here with high expectation for service cuz not really have it here.
"rice is tasty~
Chicken is boneless and sooo delicious!
Yummy dip, but little~
U need to order extra...it is not free..."
"I was excited to come to this place from a recommendation from a friend. I'm from Australia and Malaysian food is very accessible. Not having many options in Vancouver I was excited to try this place! 

We ordered chicken rice, roti canai and a seafood laksa. The chicken rice and roti canai were very good! Very tasty. Chicken rice: chicken was tender, skin had a good texture, rice was ok, could've been a bit more aromatic, the chilli had more of a sauce consistency. Roti: flakey, good dough to crispy ratio. Prob best I've had in Vancouver. Now the seafood laksa: it contained a few small prawns and seafood highlighter in it. Don't include seafood highlighter in a dish....there's so many better options. Was a real downer to the whole meal, which is a shame cause the rest was tasty. I'd come back and avoid the seafood laksa."
Great place to get some traditional Singaporean Malay cuisine. My favourite dish here is the Hainanese Chicken Rice, which I feel like is pretty close to the flavours in Singapore. I've also tried their Roti Canai and Bakuteh which are also pretty decent. The store is quite small so there's typically a wait and I feel that the prices are slightly pricey for what it is. Compared to most of the other Singaporean restaurants I've been to in Vancouver, I prefer Mama Lee's chicken rice the most.
Highly recommend this place!! Hainanese chicken here is by far the best one I have had thus far. I also loved the Laksa noodle. Price is more than reasonable and if craving for Malaysian grub in Vancity you should check this place out !
Was in the UBC area and decided to take a scenic drive down to Spanish Banks and back up to West Broadway. Famished, I dropped into this local favorite for some Hainanese chicken rice. A health portion came to my table and I quickly devoured the famous dish, with it succulent poultry and homemade ginger sauce. I remember going to the old location when the wife and I were younger. Ahhh...good times.
"I L O V E  this place, must be family run as the service is very friendly.

MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS:

THEY CLOSE TOO BLOODY EARLY!

TOO EARLY! 

I went yesterday for the third time and it was close as early as 8pm.
sucks!

Dear owner,

please open untill 9.30 at least.

thanks :)"
Food is awesome but service is horrible. They are always understaffed and it takes a while for you to get the waiter's attention.
"decent service
good food / they're same family as cafe d'lite / my go to place for hainanese chicken
family friendly
average price
alot of options on menu
if I had to choose 1 dish: hainanese chicken with yellow rice
would i go back? Yes"
Ordered their classic Hainan chicken rice as well as their seafood laksa. The hainan chicken rice was pretty good. Chicken was tender and juicy. The laksa was a bit disappointing as it was lacking flavour and the soup was quite runny.. Seems like the only thing you would really get here is the hainan chicken rice. Overall I think I would rather go to Prata man in Richmond as there's more menu choices and their hainanese chicken might just be better.
Came here for the hainanese chicken and wasn't disappointed, but I must say that Prataman's are still the best I've had and that I like their sauce better. However, mamalee's is a good choice if I want good hainanese chicken and don't want to go all the way to Richmond.
Hands down the best roti and hainanese chicken I've had in Canada. The inside of the restaurant looks like a food court, but the seating is comfortable enough. The staff are quite friendly and it seems more or less like a family run restaurant. I was in Vancouver for a week and came back twice in 5 days, not to mention I had also ordered chicken and FOUR orders of the roti to go to bring it back to Toronto.
I give this place 3 stars. Since I've been going around trying roti canai from a few places this year, Mamalee has made it to top of my list. The roti had a crispy outer layer, a slight chew and a flaky center. The flavour of the curry was spot on. The consistency of the sauce was too watery in my opinion. Being known for the Hainanese chicken, we've got to try this. To our disappointment, it was bland and has this 'fridge' taste. No Hainanese flavour at all. The ginger sauce that usually accompanies this dish was mixed with some hot sauce didn't pair well with the chicken. The rice was stale. I've had better.
"I brought a few friends for dinner at this place recently. After reading a few reviews, I thought I give it a try despite living on the other side of the town. 

We arrived there just before closing 8pm. Their friendly staff still welcomed us in despite the mere minutes of closing. That was a very good sign to start. 

Their signature dish - hainese chicken with rice was amazing. 
Their tender de-boned chicken was finely cooked with a golden shimmer to it. Served with freshly made rice steamed with chicken stock is something not all restaurants will offer. It also came with a uniquely fine blended ginger/onion sauce served on the side. 
This is something worthy trying for those who love asian dishes. 
We ordered both the large order and small order, and the quantity wasn't different by much, instead they just gave more rice. This is something they could work on for improvements. 

We had also ordered their curry beef stew. The beef was probably the best tender young beef I had ever tasted dining out. At one point, I wondered if they had their had their own cattle farm to have it this tender. The curry sauce was delicious. Although the taste was excellent, the quantity was very disappointing. Again, something they could improve on. 

Will return back to this place in the future for their hainese. 
Happy eating =)"
"I've had Hainan Chicken twice in my life, so by no means am I an expert.  That being said the Hainan Chicken at D'Lite was very good.  

For those not aware of what Hainan Chicken is, it's sliced and de-boned chicken served cold in a warm ginger soy sauce.  The skin which I don't eat seperated very easily from the meat.  The meat itself was extremely tender, moist, and full of flavor.

I think what I liked the most, however, was the chicken dipping sauce.  It's a red chili garlic sauce topped with a green ginger sauce.  It's so good that D'Lite sells it by the bottle.  I regret not buying some to take home.  

I also had some soup and veggi dishes.  They were good but nothing like the chicken.   

If you are looking for de-boned, moist, juicy, flavorful chicken with a kick-ass dipping sauce come to Cafe D'Lite.  It's a small place and fills up quickly.  Come early!"
"My friend wanted Mamalee and I've been having mad cravings for laksa lately so we stopped by for some deliciousness. Yes, I ordered the hainanese chicken laksa which is the same for for any laksa. This is probably the only place that serves this and they should be banking on this dish 'cause it was A-mazing! Love love love the broth. The chicken was so oh so tender. My friend got the hainanese chicken rice dish and portion size was smaller than I remembered. Wasn't feeling my best and absolutely forgot about how good their roti was so we didn't put down the order. 

Note: they have fresh corn juice on the order menu but not the one in the booklet. They were out, not sure if they were sold out or took it off when I tried to order. Next time! 

Food came out fairly quick for us and service was ok."
"Super yummy hainese chicken rice! Its juicy and boneless, easy and fast to eat. They have these two nice sauces that are served with the dish (though the sauce dish is small...) it is always delicious! Another thing I loved was their roti canai, mmm buttery flakey dough and their dipping sauce is what made the dish so good. 
They do not do reservations and it is a small restaurant. Get there early and expect a wait line if you are going for lunch on the weekends."
In my opinion, this is THE best Hainanese chicken rice in Vancity. You can have the chicken by itself with the soysauce, or dip it in their special green onion/chilli sauce (just thinking about it makes me salivate). If everyone in the group is there for the chicken rice, it's always best to order the half/full order of chicken, and order bowls of rice on the side. The roti is always on point. A must visit location for all foodies!!
The only thing to eat from here is the Hainanese Chicken Rice.  The meat is soft and juicy, with no bones!  We tried the Nasi Lemak too but it only has bilis/sambal, fried egg, Lemak rice and cucumber.  No chicken!  Kinda' expensive for no meat.  I will only return for the chicken rice.
"The Hainanese chicken is very tasty. A deboned chicken with three types of sauce (the ginger/garlic sauce, a chili sauce with ginger and a soy sauce with sugar and sesame oil), it's a perfect mixture of white meat, skin and sauces. Add with a nicely flavored yellow rice (Hainanese chicken rice), and it works well.

However, the chicken is quite expensive. I think it's $13-15 for a half-chicken? And another $3 per bowl of rice. If the boning takes that much extra price... then I may just want it bone-in.

The laksa here is tasty, though it lacks a lot of seafood ingredients (when I ordered seafood laksa, at least), though the base has this granular taste to it which makes one think of laksa made from powdered packets.

Service is okay, nothing much to write home about. Very simple style Singaporean food."
Every time I'm craving some hainan chicken, all I think about is Mama Lee's hainan chicken! They are so good, especially with the saucies  so every time that I go, I make sure I purchase a bottle of the ginger sauce so I can literally add it on anything!! Love it!
"Hainanese chicken is what to have here.  They do it pretty good.  I've also tried the curry, but compared to Mui Garden, this place is no match for the beef brisket curry at Mui.

I've noticed that the prices have gone up and the portions have gotten smaller over the years.

The place is small and is a hole in the wall.  In the winter months you can see the windows all steamed up, and you cannot see the inside.  Also, the place freezes over if someone opens the door to come in or leaves."
"Hainan Chicken is pretty good, but other dishes are just so-so. The restaurant's interior finishing is pretty cheap and crowded. They're seriously understaffed, but instead of hiring more people to fix the problem, they simply say ""sorry"". If you really love Hainan chicken, then by all means go to this place; otherwise I would stay away."
"I went to Mamalee for the first time yesterday with friends who swear by their Hainanese chicken. It's a small restaurant with limited seating so we had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated but with a party of 8, that is really not bad at all. 

I ordered the large portion of Hainanese chicken and their roti dish. Both were very good. The sweet sauce under the rice needs to be mixed thoroughly, though (probably obvious but I'm new to this).

My favourite was the roti. The sauce is just the perfect amount of spicy-sweet. I'd say the roti is on par with Tropika's but less flaky, which was great. 

I also tried the iced milk tea. I wasn't a fan of it though. 

I'd definitely go back again to try something else."
"I know they're short staffed. But really- we needed 1 bowl of rice and never got it (we asked twice- 2 different people). And the vegetable curry is not curry. It's vegetables, tofu, and egg in some sort of medium spiced sauce- it's it not very good.

I hear their Hainan chicken is quite good, but the service and the vegetable/tofu/egg curry-not-curry dish was lacking. I suspect that the curry was not vegetarian, but they told me it was and perhaps just made me something else. Just a hypothesis."
Delicious authentic tasting Hainan chicken rice. Tender and moist chicken paired with fragrant rice makes it a delight. Unfortunately it is getting pricey compared to some years ago when I came before.
"This restaurant is extremely well known for their Hainanese chicken rice, as you can tell by the perpetual lineups.  There is a seemingly permanent sign that says they are ""understaffed"" that has been on the wall for 2 years, so I really think it's not that they are understaffed but either the restaurant is so small it would be counter-productive to add additional staff or it's just to explain why their service is so slow all the time.

The quality of the food is good the Hainanese chicken is boneless and tender, served with their flavourful rice, soup and their famous sauce.   However their price point reflects the location of their neighbourhood - definitely $20 per person spend.   You can definitely get cheaper at similar restaurants at other neighbourhood.

Please don't expect attentive service when you're here, with the perpetual lineup they really just want you to sit, order, eat, and get out of here so they can seat the next table.  However please be prepared to wait a while for your food (20 min+) as they usually have a lot of take out orders to fulfill as well.  I would recommend coming during slower times (3-5pm) as prime dining hours would be at least an hour wait for a table.  

Overall the food is decent, but I think you can get similar quality of food elsewhere; however it is definitely an unique spot in the Kitsilano-Broadway area!"
So good. I wish i lived closer. Should definitely open up more locations. Service is whatever, but I come for the food.
"Someone online said that Mamalee Malaysian Delight have the best Hainan Chicken in the area, so I decided to come try it out for myself.  According to my spoiled tastebuds, the Hainan Chicken was good, but was not something that can rock my world.

Small restaurant with a simple menu, my mind was fixed on Hainan Chicken upon arrival, and I also ordered the Laksa to share.  

The Hainan Chicken was lean and moist, but I didn't care for their rice too much.  The rice of most Hainan Chicken I had in the past were more moist and flavorful.  Perhaps Mamalee is more health conscience, and didn't pour all the chicken jus and oil into the rice.  Laksa was average, and certainly welcoming on a cold winter day.

Note:  They do not take credit cards here.  Cash or Debit Card Payment only."
"my friend chrystal brought me a large hainan chicken from mamalee after finishing my half marathon and...  let's just say the large hainan chicken didn't stand a chance against me.  i literally tore up the to go box.  

both the rice and chicken were flavorful.  the chicken was tender and i loved every bite of it!  i didn't think i would be able to find good hainan chicken rice outside of savoy chicken in los angeles, but i did, thanks to my friend chrystal!

she also got me a roti bread, which was deliciously flaky!  

the take out quality was just on point :)  can't wait to dine in next time around!"
They serve traditional and very authentic Singaporean and Malaysian cuisine. We each ordered a regular Hainanese Chicken Rice that came with a small bowl of their soup of the day. The boneless chicken (cold) was juicy and perfectly marinated, covered in their sweet soy sauce. The chicken oil rice was average, but what made this dish so popular was the ginger sauce. The sauce is a perfect blend of garlic and ginger and spring onion. Simple goodness - I could eat a whole jar by myself! The restaurant sells their special ginger sauce and chili sauce by the jar, if you would like to talk some of that goodness home. I've also had their Hainanese Chicken Laksa with Fishball and Bah Kut Teh (Pork Ribs Herbal soup) before and loved it. The restaurant is really small so avoid coming during lunch times as it can fill up fast, although turnover is fairly quick. Definitely a must-go if you live near Kitsilano, UBC area!
"Mama Lee is a Malaysian cuisine restaurant located in Kitsilano, a dime in a dozen really in this area so I was quite happy to discover this place. I'm not sure about the authenticity of the Malaysian food here as it seems to be canto-owned and is more likely to be a HK style Malaysian restaurant as others have said. This is not necessarily a bad thing as I think HK people do a good spin on the Chinese Malaysian food (or at least they do in HK). This place can get pretty busy on the weekends which means you might get a delay in service, but the wait overall is not that bad. 

The two main dishes that I tried here were the Hainanese Chicken rice and the Laksa noodle in soup dish, the former much better than the latter. The chicken was boneless which was good and it was also nice and soft, with some cucumbers and sauce added as well. I would say the rice was a bit on the dry side with the chicken could have used a little bit more flavour, but on the overall they were pretty decent. The laksa however just tasted just slightly better than something I could get at Bubble Waffle cafe, it had a nice flavour but I'm not sure I would consider it order worthy. The portions are overall quite small and I wasn't really left full after my meal. Considering however that its Kitsilano I can understand why the food is a bit overpriced. I would rate the food decently in terms of the offerings in the area but on the overall just average. 

Overall, 3.5 stars. If I was in the area, I would definitely come here instead of Banana Leaf but I would be hesitant to say that this place has some of the best hainanese chicken in town. With more and more places opening up offering hainanese chicken rice, competition is emerging and I would definitely say that Mamalee will have to be on guard to keep its reputation as one of the better restaurants in town."
"I've been to Mamalees a few times.  I like this place. The only problem is this place is kind of out of the way!

I had the large Hainanese Chicken and shared some Roti.  The chicken dish is always awesome!  Thick meaty pieces of
chicken and chicken flavored rice with a hint of ginger. There is a dipping sauce that goes well with the chicken. It has a sour chili taste a bit spicy but not unbearably hot by any means. To me the sauce makes the dish. The only problem is when you order a large size they don't give you enough sauce!  

The roti is excellent! Flaky with a buttery flavor it's like eating a pastry.  The roti is served piping hot!  That's the only way to eat this dish!  

The only thing that stops me from giving this place 5 stars... the below average service!  Yeah I know this is a classical Asian restaurant and service is of secondary importance, but anytime I have to ask twice for something I'll going to bitch about the service!"
The food here is great, Hainanese chicken rice is authentic and tastes amazing! The chicken is cooked to perfection and the sauce accompanies well. I also enjoyed the Roti dipped in curry. I have not tried many other items on the menu as their chicken rice is simply the best!
Both the Hainan Chicken Rice and Curry Beef are excellent.  I would say the best in Greater Vancouver.  Service is a little slow recently.  Soups unfortunately a bit watery without enough stuff.  But I always come back for what they do best!
"We were in town for a bachlorette party and saw this place on yelp. Food = 5/5; service = 1/5. I would still go back though. Between 9 girls we devoured the following:

 Hainanese chicken (ordered whole chicken x 2) = very tender and served room temperature. It comes with an amazing sauce. Be sure to request the dry chili to go with it. 

Pan Mee Noodles (x2) = dry pan fried noodles with over easy egg, pork, and fried anchovies. The flavors were well balanced and the anchovies provided texture. Highly recommended.

Roti - this is like an Asian croissant. Nice flakey pastry with a curry dipping sauce. 

We also got curry noodles. They were good but not a stand out. This restaurant is a must try but don't expect great service and bring cash or debit."
I'm always on the hunt for good Malaysian/Singaporean food.  Pretty good Nasi Lemak.  I really miss this dish from my childhood.  Been here a few times and I've always been happy with the food.  Roti Canai, Curry Laksa (had the fish ball version), Hainese Chicken - none have disappointed thus far :)
"I love it cause it's a whole in the wall neighborhood gem! And it's a family owned joint! 
Hainan chicken rice plate is FLAWLESS with the perfect pieces of boneless tender chicken, perfect amount of really good chicken fat smothered rice, and fresh slices of cucumber. 
The dipping sauce is amazing...a ying yang sauce with red hot chili sauce and bright green scallion and ginger! 
The staff members are friendly and it's never a long wait. 
The laksa is ok, not the best I've had though."
"In my journey to search for the best hainanese chicken in West coast, this is recommended by a fellow yelper.

The chicken was soft and flavorful but the rice was lack of flavor from the chicken oil and ginger. The portion of the dish was small ,which did not reflect on the price ($11.95 for regular order and $13.95 for a large order).

The restaurant was noisy - loud speaking customers competing with the restaurant music. The restaurant was hot as it has no A/C. I do not recommend coming on a hot summer day.

Overall, the hainanese chicken was good but far from the best I have ever tasted. And the price can be more reasonable."
"Went here today with my mom after driving around looking for somewhere to have lunch. Looked like a lot of people going in so using the Chinese restaurant rule, if it's busy, must be good!

My mom ordered the curry beef brisket and I had the seafood laksa. My thought her dish could have been better, and though the beef was not best quality. My laksa was good and flavorful, but felt I didn't have enough seafood. 

We did notice after we ordered that everyone was ordering the Hainan Chicken which looked pretty good. I gave 3 stars since my mom's dish was just OK, but we'll go back to try the Hainan Chicken sometime."
I came with a friend a few months ago. Wasn't into the meal thing, however, came and had some iced grass jelly tea of all things. Yup, everyone was ordering large dishes and I just wanted something to drink as I had a big company paid lunch prior to. No biggy really. The waitress was nice about it. I did make it worth her while in tip. I've actually never had any grass jelly tea before Malaysian style, therefore, this was a good experience.
"The food use to be so much better at their older location, when it was just a hole in the wall, since moving a few years ago, the food portions have gotten smaller, however the service is still amazing. You will be greeted with smiles, and very very very fast service. Food is prepared almost instantly. With the number of malay restaurants opening up in the city, its important to keep up. 

They do have something on their menu that I have not seen at any other Malay restaurant, and that is Kaya with Toast. For those that have been to malaysia, yes these guys have Kaya. If you have not been to Malaysia, then go here and try this, cuz it is seriously to die for. 

Enjoy your visit to this place, it has delicious food, but its not the best, and they have skimped out on their portion sizes. However you will not leave this place not satisfied, but I remember always having to take a little bit home. 

Only accept Cash and Debit, no Credit Card."
Yes! This place is exactly what I want. Laksa soup is so good. There are line ups sometimes to get a table, another sign of how good this place is. Only down side is they are closed on Sundays.
"Great hainan chicken and authentic and good amount of yummy malaysian style drinks.  

I think they make the best ""oily"" rice in the vancouver area.  Bonus that their hainan chicken is boneless!"
"So glad to find an authentic hainan chicken place near me!!  I finally got take out from here since the restaurant was packed!  The chicken, the hot/garlic sauce and rice were all delicious!!!  If you're craving Hainanese Chicken Rice, definitely come here!!

I'm going to come back here to try other Singaporean/Malaysian food like Laksa!!  The inside is way more clean that Hawkers Delight but I think the prices are a little bit more as well."
If you want delicious hainanese chicken come here.  Best flavor and texture I've ever had.  This place does get busy so be prepared to wait a little bit.  Their laksa noodle soup will not disappoint .
"4* Hainanese chicken (did I spell that right??).  Juicy, decent amount of soy sauce, warm'ish and tasty rice.  I'd definitely come back for take-out.

Packed with students before 6 pm on a weekday.  I think you get a chicken soup with the Hainan chicken too.

The seafood laksa was a downer - bland broth, 4 prawns and the rest of the ""seafood"" was artificial crab meat.  

Roti at the next table looked good, but I didn't order it."
First time I tried Hainan Chicken was in Australia last year and again in Singapore. Living in Seattle I have yet to discover if there is a place that serves Hainan Chicken, so when I found out that there's restaurants in Vancouver that serve them, I knew I had to try it. I ordered the Hainan Chicken rice in large size and my partner ordered the regular. The regular size i think is enough for 1 person that's ordering more than just the plate (like if they're ordering an app) and the Large size is enough for one hungry person. I would come back for this!
"Starting out as Cafe D'lite over 25 years ago, @mamalee604 is a Malaysian restaurant that you need to put onto your ""Must Visit"" list if you are in Vancouver. We don't make recommendations like this lightly, but we have been dedicated customers for over 20 years! While their Laksa and curry dishes are excellent, the absolute standout dish has to be their Hainanese Chicken on rice. The juicy pieces of chicken are conveniently boneless and the yellow rice is packed with chicken flavour.  All of this is perfectly complimented by their very own Chili and Ginger sauces."
"This place is always busy and it's small so expect to wait during lunch and dinner time! With that said it's more of a eat and go kind of place so you can't really expect superb customer service since it's so busy ! 

I've tried a number of items from here throughout the years , the laksa (taste a bit bland and doesn't have enough seafood) and beef curry is not bad but not the best. Definitely come here for the Hainanese chicken rice and I quite like the roti (very buttery) ! The chicken is so soft and juicy and flavourful!! The best part is that there's no bones. Paired with the oil rice and sauce it's perfect! I would definitely order a large size of the chicken rice since portions are quite small for what you pay for. However , it's delicious so I can't really complain !"
"I love Malaysian food! My personl favoriets are Malaysian Laksa noodles and Hainanese chicken & rice. When I first heard about Mama Lee, I had to visit the place as they were known for their Hainanese chicken & rice.

Mama Lee is located on W Broadway near The Eatery and is about a 17 minute bus ride from UBC. The restaurant is quite small - about 5-7 tables and as you can imagine, gets filled up quickly around meal times.

We arrived at around 6:30 pm and got one of the last few tables. The kitchen seemed to be very busy for a small restaurant and there were 3-4 servers standing and eating dinner hastily at the counter. They close pretty early (8-9pm), so make sure to arrive early.

We ordered a bowl of hot laksa noodles and platter of hainanese chicken & rice (half chicken).

Read more here: https://postsizedbites.wordpress.com/2019/02/05/mama-lee/"
Enjoyed a delicious dinner at Mamalee! We ordered the Hainanese Chicken (two full orders), Seafood Laksa Noodle Soup, Beef Laksa Noodle Soup, Roti Canai (two orders), Curry Chicken, Oyster Sauce Gai Lan, and Oyster Sauce Choi Sum. Mamalee never disappoints. It is one of my favourite spots for Hainanese Chicken and Laksa. Always consistently good! It is a fairly small restaurant so it fills up quickly and there usually is a wait.. but it is worth the wait!
"We don't really have any Singaporean/Malaysian food back in Hawaii so whenever I travel, I try to keep a look out for these types of cuisine and savor it as much as I can. My friend (Tingting W.) was on a hunt for some good Laksa and she came upon this place! Their pictures were super enticing so we decided to come here for dinner. It's a really small place that takes CASH or DEBIT CARD only, so plan accordingly. We didn't have to wait too long and they let us order while we waited to help speed things along. We decided to get:

Roti Canai: Absolutely loved this; I only had Roti once in my life and this hit the right spot. It comes with a curry dipping sauce that was pretty light in flavor
Hainan Chicken Rice: Plump, juicy pieces of chicken and the rice was really flavorful
Fishball Laksa: This was good but it needed more curry flavor and the spice does hit you
Malay Spicy Pan Mee: We were able to adjust the spiciness to mild and it was perfect. It reminded me of chow funn but better

They also have a variety of drinks; I feel like there's something for everyone on the menu. Definitely put this on your itinerary if you're in the Vancouver area. Oh how I wish Hawaii had more Southeast Asian dishes but I guess until then, I'll just keep on traveling for these good eats"
Honestly don't see what the hype is all about. While the roti is good, you could get the same thing for a better price and much better curry sauce anywhere else. The hainan chicken is alright. Yes it's silky and smooth but it really didn't live up to its hype. Where else would I rather go? In order of preference  for Malay/Singaporean good, my top picks are John 3:16, prataman, banana leaf. Definitely don't feel the need to come back here at all esp given the price
"This is probably my favorite place in the lower mainland to get Hainanese chicken rice! I've gotten the roti canai, laksa, and Hainanese chicken plates before and I've loved them all. There has never been any difference in quality of food every time I've come, which is part of the reason why I know it's such a reliable choice in casual dinner joints. Just so consistent, every single time! It's the exact same chicken, with the exact same sauce. They truly have their recipe down pat!

There's usually a wait during busier times (peak dinner times), but lunch is not too bad for the times that I've gone. Because it's a smaller place, as well, it's hard to simply sit and enjoy your meal at a leisurely pace here.

I'm a regular here, and will keep coming back, always!"
Small, cozy establishment. Keep in mind that if you ask for tea instead of water there's a .25 surcharge/person. The best part about their hainanese chicken is the fact that it has all been deboned and you're free to just stuff your face without worry. I love deboned chicken (perhaps because i'm inherently lazy) so this was a major game changer for me.
"Boneless hainanese chicken and rice with nice garlicy aromatics. Laksa slightly on the salty side. Service was efficient and friendly.

The biggest disappointment was the HK style milk tea. It was instant 3-in-1 milk tea for $3.50 a cup!"
We ordered lunch for our branch this week, and one oF the advisors recommended we order from here. We ordered seafood laksa soup, chicken laksa soup, and a beef dish. Food was excellent, everyone enjoyed food - soup had perfect amount of spice! I was most impressed by the service. I did not realize this is cash or debit only restaurant, and Edwin helped me arrange alternative payment as a one off.  I also forgot my receipt behind and he sent it to me by email. Needless too say we will order from here again!
The hainanese chicken and rice was pretty good, but I think I've had better.  Everything was boneless and helped to make it into our mouth-holes more quickly.  We ordered some roti canai for appys and that was yummy... I would eat that as a meal by itself.  There were four of us and we were still hungry after our meal, so we ordered two additional bowls of the seafood laksa noodle soup - which was just kinda ok.  Glad we tried it, but probably will be in search of tastier hainanese chicken and rice.
Good spot for hainanese chicken in vancouver. Good meal for a few. Bring cash as they don't take credit card.
Sure the Hainanese chicken is tender, flavorful and best of all, boneless! But you do have to pay a premium for it, especially considering it's probably not free-run or organic. Strangely enough the laksa could use more flavor, maybe more coconut milk? They close at 8 on weeknights and they make it known very obviously with staffers start cleaning and sweeping the floors way before.
"Chicken rice is okay. Chilli a little on the sweet side. 

Noodle dishes including laksa And chilli pan mee are just meh. 

Will probably just stick to ordering chicken rice if we visit again ."
Always my favorite place for Hainan Chicken!!!! Their Laksa is very delicious too!!! Must eat restaurant every time I visit Vancouver!!! And once you had mamalee...you will not find any hainan chicken place that would satisfy you in Los Angeles!
"Okay Malaysian/Singaporean food. Was up here from Seattle and decided to try something new. Chicken rice is ok. Not a fan of the chili though. Portion sizes are a bit small and they do not accept non canadian debit cards so if you are visiting from the states, make sure to being cash. There is also an atm a few doors down. 

Service was friendly but a bit slow. Roti canai was good but the sauce was a bit too watery in my opinion. Overall, just okay."
"I don't know why this place doesn't have better reviews. The food is delicious and clean. It deserves nothing less than 4 stars.

Yes it's not your typical hainanese chicken with bones, and ginger sauce, but their take on it is still extremely delicious.

The daily soups are always good clean bone soups. There's a different one every day.

Here's what I always order:
Spicy Pan Mee Noodles
Half Hainanese Chicken with Chicken Rice
Gailan with Fried Shallots & Oyster Sauce
Barley Drink Half Sweet
Fresh Corn Juice (seasonal)

My boyfriend always orders the Laksa.

I personally am not a fan of the Laksa. I have been to Singapore many times and the Laksa in s'pore is much more action packed. However everything else that I order here is just as good as places I've had in S'pore.

The reason why it doesn't get 5 stars is the mediocre laksa, mediocre roti, lack of tables and expensive prices.

But the above dishes I've mentioned are definitely the best in Van. Can't be the best at everything but they are the best at something!"
I wound up here because my husband and I were too lazy to cook. We started with roti kanai, which was flaky and crispy. My only complain is the pieces stuck together and were difficult to separate to eat. I had Nasi Lemak, which was satisfactory. The sambal could have been more flavourful in my opinion. My husband had tofu, egg and vegetable curry with rice, which was just okay. The portions were large. We had the glutinous sesames balls for dessert and they were the best dish of the evening. Service was okay, not super friendly but efficient. We paid 40 dollars before tip for this meal. Overall, I think I will return to try the Hainanese chicken everyone seems to be raving about, but we are not in a hurry.
"I love this place  one of my favourite places for Hainese Chicken - they do have off days but for the most part they have really good chicken and rice dishes. I've been going to this place for a very long time and it really brings back a lot of memories.

I recommend ordering it and get it to go. I find that faster than dining in."
"It may not seem like the most fancy or amazing restaurant but their food is absolutely delicious. They are most famous for their Hainanese chicken which is always consistently cooked perfectly. The chicken is always super tender. It comes with a small chicken broth soup. I got the regular portion (pictured) but recommend large for chicken lovers. Their laksa is also delicious, being light enough to drink yet still has the creamy coconut tastes. If you don't feel like a full laska, you can opt for their roti canai, which is crispy, softy, and savoury.

The food is great for the pricy. One thing though, they are cash only or debit. It also does get pretty busy during lunch and dinner hours. However, you can always order take out - which normally takes around 20 mins"
It's the best Hainanese chicken I have had in town. Chicken was so tender and served in bite size. Oil in rice was very balanced that it wasn't overwhelming. The sure that came with was one of the best- complemented the chicken rice perfectly.
"This is the best place in Vancouver West for Hainanese chicken (and probably one of the best in Vancouver).  Whenever I'm in the area and in the mood for Chinese, this place is first in my mind.  It's a small cafe with a handful of tables and plain walls.  What makes this place a go to spot though is about the food.

Aside from them deboning the Hainanese chicken prior to serving it (unusual for this dish), their chicken is full of flavor and is very moist.  I've also tried their Laksa noodles and found that it is pretty decent too.  For the adventurous, try their Bak Cut Teh.  This is a ginseng-based soup with a pork soup base that is very healthy.  If you've never had ginseng before, the flavor may be somewhat peculiar.  If you're seeking something different and want to challenge your tastebuds, you might want to try this."
"My coworkers and I decided to come here on a Friday afternoon for lunch. We called ahead and asked if they take reservations and if we can order in advance so the food will be ready when we get there but they do neither. 

This place is pretty small and they have a white board at the front door to write your name and the number of people in your party. Since this was a Friday afternoon, it was very busy when we got there around 12pm. We were first in line as all the tables were full but right after us, a horde of people came.

The food itself is yummy, it is very comforting. I got the hainanese chicken laksa noodle. It came in a noodle bowl and the chicken was right on top of the noodles. The broth was very flavourful but to be honest, there weren't that many noodles. I wasn't FULL but I was just right (I have a very big appetite lol) 

There was one customer waiting for a table to free up and she was mad at the waitresses for the wait. The poor waitress didnt know what to say because it was out of her control. The angry customer even told a table with a baby to hurry up because people were waiting outside the door. I have never seen a customer more hangry in my life.."
On my hunt to track down vegan versions of laksa in town, I found this long-running little place on the West side. Their vegetable & tofu laksa ordinarily comes with egg noodles and fish paste, so I asked them if they could do a vegan version and they were able to accommodate my request, by subbing rice noodles and leaving out the fish ingredients. Generous portion of vegetables, noodles and tofu puff, with a reasonably rich and spicy broth, though the broth isn't quite at the level of other places in town (e.g., Banana Leaf or Laksa King)--it's missing a little something but is still overall very tasty. Cash or debt only. Prices are a little steep for noodle soup ($13.95 plus tax), but still not bad considering the generous portions. Recommended.
"We have been to Mamalee's a few times. The last time we went there, we had such a horrific experience that we never went back for a few years actually. So finally we went back giving this place another chance. The decor is nothing to write home about. There's just nothing special about the interior when you step in. It's average at best. The seating is limited. 

The customer service is average. The waiters and waitresses don't actually come to you unless you wave them down and are ready to order. Filling of tea and or water - same ordeal - you'd have to wave them down. Get their attention and then they will refill your tea or water. They are, for when we went to visit them, short staffed but the food came out relatively quick still. Maybe they have a different idea of a ""long time"" than I do ‍ nevertheless we are grateful that the food didn't take too long to come out. 

My wife got the Hainanese chicken which is a popular dish at Mamalee's. I'm not the biggest fan of it. But it was tasty, still. I got the beef laksa and it was good in the sense where the soup base was nice and spicy. Had a good kick to it. I still, however, prefer Amay's laksa. They do it VERY WELL, even better than the Laksa King restaurant. 

I would come back and would recommend this place if you're looking for a Malaysian restaurant in the area of West Broadway. It's decent. It's relatively fast. And it's decently clean. The ambiance like I've said. Morning to write home about. They don't seem to have put a ton of resources into their decor. It's average. Maybe. 

Parking can be a little difficult to find if not pay parking on Broadway. 10th Ave is a good bet to have some free parking (no limitations). Short walk to the restaurant. 

I'd recommend to try. But if you're looking for great customer service this isn't the place. Good, quick Malay food? This is the place."
My first time is more than a decade ago (almost two) when my mom brought me out for a meal. My first reaction is the same as more recently. The saltiness is subtle and pleasant as butter on toast, and the protein is savoury but also refreshing. It's surprising to have these flavours combined in the mouth at the same time, but I am not put off by it. I don't feel like I want to cry from the seasoning. They really live up to their name.
Finally got to try the most popular Hainanese Chicken in town! The boneless chicken was super tendered and the roti was so crispy and yummy. They sauce for you to dip the chicken in was the highlight of the dish, it was so flavourful yet didn't cover the original taste of the chicken. Wish there're more restaurants in Vancouver that serve Hainanese Chicken!
"BEST. HAINANESE. CHICKEN. IN. VANCOUVER!!!!

I haven't found a place that serves chicken more tender and flavourful (with rice as delicious too!) than this place.

I always get the large hainanese chicken on rice- it's a good portion for a bottomless pit like me and it comes with a delicious bowl of bone soup as well.

Their roti here is also amazing- flaky and tender with a dipping sauce to die for.

Service is meh but who cares when the chicken tastes so good.

Will come back again and again."
Very cool that the store changed the ordering system to self serve. Customer will need to take a picture of the provided barcode, and the phone will pop out and direct you to a link for you to order. I always come here for hainanese chicken and yellow rice! They're are the must orders. My friend liked the beef laksa and said it was authentic and she would come back shin for the laksa.
"Don't go by what the menu depicts: you'll be sorely disappointed. The portion size is hardly the grand array that seduced you. The chicken is tender but under-seasoned; the size of the accompanying chili is fit for a garden gnome and maybe his squirrel companion could get a little awful pawful. The drop of ginger is the size of a coiled inchworm and the same color too. If you want more sauce, you have to pay for it even though you ordered a lot of chicken. Cucumbers are sliced like there is only one green stick to feed the entire evening's clientele, and it ain't Jesus doing the cutting, so prepare for paucity. The service, as many other reviewers have pointed out, is close to non-existent other than ordering and taking your dough at the end. Also, be mindful you can either pay with debit or else cash. I've seen chicken shacks in condemned areas of some of ""America's most dangerous cities"" willing to take credit cards. There's couples swarming around wanting your table (they are vibrating ""get up, get up, get up"") so it's hard to eat without feeling many, many, many pairs of beady eyes trailing your food journey like hungry denizens of an emancipated post-war city. I got a stressful dressful, to say the least. ALSO, these folks are perpetually short-staffed and I've seen that ""sorry, we're short-staffed"" sign for a couple of years now. Must be harder to get an interview there than get tickets for ""Hamilton"" on Broadway...."
"Am I the only one that thinks of slide-whistles and hum 'Groove Is In The Heart' when I see ""D'Lite""?

Anyways - the boneless Hainanese chicken rice is the main attraction here.  The chicken is good. But felt pretty let down by the rice - it was dry and didn't have enough chicken oil flavour for my liking.  Maybe it was a mistake coming here right when they opened first thing is the morning?"
Got to meet the actual Mama Lee and she was very friendly and welcoming, and apparently works there nearly every day. Their noodle dishes were surprisingly good, as was their hainanese chicken. Portions are relatively small for the price however. We needed 3 dishes to feed 2 people for lunch, and could have still eaten some more. It would be nice if they gave a bit more sauce with the order of chicken. Parking is relatively easy to find on the street.
"We're always up to try a good Malaysian restaurant and I've heard some good things about Mamalee located on West Broadway in Kits.

This is a pretty basic Malaysian restaurant (not a very huge menu) and the interior is quite utilitarian. Still... we're here for the food. We wound up ordering the Hainanese Chicken (regular size) with a side of soup as well as Roti Canai and a Milo Dinosaur. A cold Milo Dinosuar really is refreshing on a hot day. The simple soup was so aromatic when it arrived at the table.

First up is the Hainanese Chicken, served cold, with a side of rice. The poached chicken was quite good and we managed to finish this rather easily. While it comes with a bit of dipping sauce, I would have liked if it had more ginger and scallion dipping sauce (you have to pay extra for more).

The Roti Canai was a bit disappointing... not sure what was really going on here. It seemed quite shredded up and the outside seemed to be overcooked and not the least bit fluffy on the inside.

We also wound up ordering the Chee Cheong Fun with Fish Balls. This actually turned out to be a pretty good dish and I enjoyed the tender rice rolls but I thought the sauce was a bit too runny as it was difficult to coat the rice rolls with it.

Overall impressions... a very minimalistic Malaysian eatery with some hits and misses. In either case, don't order the roti canai unless you like it overly dry and shredded."
We ordered lunch for our branch this week, and one oF the advisors recommended we order from here. We ordered seafood laksa soup, chicken laksa soup, and a beef dish. Food was excellent, everyone enjoyed food - soup had perfect amount of spice! Service was excellent - very friendly - needless to say we will order from here again!
"My 200th review - woohoo! 

My friends come here sometimes but I've never come with them...until now!

Luckily I showed up a bit early (fearing the lines) and snagged a table. The menu is rather small compared to larger Malaysian restaurants but that's ok considering the size of the place. 

I got the large hainanese chicken on rice and it was pretty tasty but not the best I've had. There's two other places I prefer (but those come with some bones left, so if you can't pick 'em...they're not the best places to eat for you). My friend had warned me that the portion size would be smaller because they did meticulously debone everything...but I'd rather pay the same for more and occasionally spit a bone out. The rice was good but not as good as other places. 

Overall I'd say I'm pretty disappointed. I've heard such great things and seen the lines and never had a chance to try it. Now that I've been here...I don't think I'd come back unless I was in the area. I think maybe the reason it's so popular is because it's the only Malaysian place nearby with the exception of Banana Leaf."
"I got the regular hainanese chicken for $12.50 and it was just okay. I honestly felt like I got more chicken skin than chicken meat. And the flavor was lacking a bit. The rice was decent and had some chicken stock flavor. For the price though, I'd probably try to find another place in Vancouver or Richmond.

There's only street parking for those wanting to come here as an FYI."
"Mamalee is offering COVID friendly takeout right now- you can order ahead online and choose your pickup time! Sooo convenient :) My order was ready when I got there for the time I set it for.

I was ordering for myself on the weekend and I got the following:
-Regular Hainanese chicken + rice $13.50- I thought this was a little pricey for what you get (the portion size was smaller than I hoped for, no leftovers for me). The chicken is super well done and the sauces that come with it were on point! I wasn't too fond of the rice- I was hoping for more flavor from it. Comes with some slices of cucumber as well.
-Roti Canai $8 (also a little pricey imo) - comes with dipping sauce. This was INCREDIBLE! Loved how flaky and buttery the roti was and the dipping sauce really topped this off perfectly. The BEST ROTI dipping combo I've had so far and I cannot wait to come back and get this again!!

Food was overall great but I was not too impressed with the pricing. But for how much I enjoyed the roti, I wouldn't mind paying $8 just to get it again xD"
"tenderest chicken i've ever had - definitely! the already marinated chicken, rice, and the hot sauce is the perfect combination.  it's different from what we had at home (ginger sauce on the side), but after the first bite - you really don't need it! (we tried to ask for extra but was told they'll charge for additional sauces).

cash only, and you could place order through an app. i'd say to give it a try definitely when you are in town!"
"I came here on a hot day (when we were having the heat wave), hoping for some good food and AC.

First of all, the customers were all sweating but the restaurant was hot and stuffy with only the door open.

Second of all, we noticed by each of the table, there was a note saying ""water $1 each."" There were three groups and no one was served water on that hot day. One of the customers asked for water to which the person responded and got them water. He asked us after and when we asked him, ""is water $1 each?"" he scoffed and said loudly ""why would you pay for water?"" I found this pretty rude and sort of humiliating. I figured afterwards they probably meant bottled water but when you aren't served water until way after your food comes and there's a sign that says $1 water, it's pretty misleading. 

Now, on to the real review. Food.
We got tofu goreng. It was pretty sweet and not bad. Nice to try a bite or two but I don't think I would order again. 
We also got lamb curry. The meat was pretty hard to chew. Curry itself was okay and my boyfriend really liked it. However, as you can see from the photos, it looks pretty lacking. Not really worth $13.

Tom yam fried rice on the other hand was really delicious. It was spicy and very well cooked. Would be something I would order again. 

We also got Thai iced tea. There was a strong condensed milk taste and had not much more taste to it."
The service was very nice.  The food was alright, have tried better ones in California.
Really good Malaysian food. I had the roti, satays and the pompano fish with coconut rice. Everything was delicious and well prepared. The chef and server were very nice and friendly. I would definitely be back to try the other items on the menu.
We ordered the beef rendang, kelantan curry chicken, nasi lemak rice, roti. The roti was crispy and not store-bought, and the curry and rendang taste very legit, almost like going home :) They even had bandung and teh tarik, although the bandung was better than the teh tarik. 100% recommend to any homesick Malaysian/Singaporean!
"I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS RESTAURANT!! Service is nice but expect delays as it's a a mom and pop. The food is SO AMAZING, comfort food to the max. I was having such a stressful week and just wanted to try something new. Hands down my favourite place to eat fried chicken now! 

Tip: Get it with the fried rice! Also Laksa was so tasty. Mee Goreng reminded me of pansit back in the Philippines too!! Food here = flavour bombs I swear. Highly recommended!! Give it a chance."
"Mom and pop style shop with Mom and Pop style food.  Straight up awsome home made comfort food that I'm familiar with.

Food: Fried chicken and rice 2 ways. Crispy flavorful chicken fluffy rice. Thai papaya salad with sweet, sour, savory with a backend bite from fresh garlic mixed in.  Large Tom kha with chicken enough for 8 adults. 3 orders of Rotti because it was that good. Dough slightly crispy on the outside and chewy with a curry dipping sauce. Last but not least a noodle dish  similar to chow main with a Malaysian flair. All the food was surprisingly well prepared, hot and quick to make it to the table.

For a two person mom and pop shop and a full house, food was fast and service was friendly. If you like the Malaysian/Thai/Indo-Chinese type food this is your go to place in Surrey, BC, CANADA."
The interiors are very simple. Nothing fancy. The ppl running this place seldom smile but, oh  boy,  they make really good Malaysian food here. Their crispy chicken is our favorite. Mee Goreng is very good. They let you choose the meat to put into. Their sweet and sour tilapia reminds me of the good ol' escabeche. I'll try their take of the pompano fish, next time.
"Authentic, delicious, amazing Thai & Malaysian cuisine. Ended up talking to the thai/malaysian lady who was cooking at the time and she said she's been cooking half her life- you can tell. 

Went there looking for something super flavourful- and was not disappointed.

It's not super cheap and the portions aren't huge- but the quality is what matters. They have excellent quality of food. Very filling for what we did order. We'll be back.

We ordered the tom yum soup and and the roti canai (which comes with an amazing gingery curry sauce) - definitely will come back with more people so we can try and array of things."
Hard working, family owned restaurant. Authentic food. Don't let the location or interior steer you away.
Nice little, Authentic Malaysian place. Make sure you let them no what level of spicy-ness you're comfortable with!  Lol.
"The food is good. It's authentic tasting as far as Malaysian cuisine goes, and the portion sizes are fair (not too much, not too little). 

I will however say that the location is not great, nor is the cleanliness of the restaurant. The last time I visited I noticed how dirty the walls of the place were, and how there were so many flies around while I ate. The tables weren't particularly well cleaned either, which makes me doubt whether or not the cutlery was even clean. 

I've been here several times and was a pretty frequent customer at one point. If it was more cleanly I think I'd enjoy my dining experience more and would be more likely to return."
Some of the best Malaysian food I've ever had. Authentic and delicious. Get the roti canai and spiced chicken! You won't be disappointed!
"I was here yesterday for a lunch with my sister, and dining here was the best decision ever. Thanks Yelp for finding this hidden gem of Guildford.

So first we ordered Chicken Satay ($7), Tom Yum soup(with chicken $9.5), Mee Mamak (with beef $10.25) and Teh Tarik ($2.95) , and service was bit slow at first because there was only wife and hubby together (I think they were Malaysians). We even saw some dishes and waste that wasn't finished cleaning. 

I was very much blown away from Tom Yum soup at the beginning and it really felt like eating home cooked Thai food. It wasn't like fake ones from the food court. Chicken Satay was fresh. I loved the nutty and sweet flavour of chicken satay. Mee Mamak was good too, however the chicken in the noodle was quite dry and rubbery. Everything else about the dish was great.

Teh Tarik was really good. It tasted like home made milk tea that was sweet and milky. Good thing ,I didn't order along with Thai Iced Tea as the two drinks would taste similar. I highly recommend this place for those who likes Thai\ Malay cuisine. I personally think MD is better than Tropika and Banana Leaf. 

They do have wifi under #Telus, the only downside I found was small narrow washrooms. Owners were helpful and friendly."
Stumbled across this tiny little place and was glad I did. Authentic cuisine that was delicious and well priced. Roti canai was delicious as wee the beef and lamb dishes. Highly recommend!
"Real authentic malaysian cuisine the restaurant only has like 16 seats but it's totally worth the drive out to Surrey.

Unlike other fusion thai restaurants the dishes are so flavourful.

We ordered the Roti Canai which we thought was delicious! it was so rich and fluffy - my boyfriend is Indian so he's used to eating Indian style roti and he loved this one.

We also ordered the apple chicken which was a little too spicy for my liking but again that's just my personal taste.

The table shared an appetizer tray of Satay Skewers - LOVE!!!! 

We also ordered the fish, and the hotpot looking prawn soup - very yummy. 

This place is definitely one of those ""mom and pop"" shops people need to check out!"
Uncle was very nice and welcoming. Their sambal sauce of all types were very delicious and savoury, hard to get in many Malaysian restaurants in Vancouver. Food speed was slow, however, that ensured you that the food was being prepared from scratch! Nasi lemak, 3 sauce fish, satay and the tom yum were some of my favourite. Prices are relatively below average, which compensated for the quantity of food served per order! 5/5 would recommend and return
"Really delicious authentic malaysian food! Plus it's halal so that's just amazing for all the muslim meat lovers. The owner was very sweet-we ordered whatever he recommended and it was so tasty! I don't remember the names of the dishes except the roti canai. 

It's a very small restaurant and parking is limited"
"Came here on the day we just arrived in Canada from our fifteen hour drive from the Bay Area so we were looking for a really good restaurant to hit the spot. Parking is around back and the neighborhood looks really safe as it is an industrial/residential area. I ordered the Crispy chicken, fried rice, and chicken satay. While the chicken satay was small in portion, it was really good! Brought everything to go because we wanted to eat it at the place we were staying as we were really tired. The wife and husband was really sweet and nice and the environment of the restaurant was really cozy albeit small.
It took about 15 or 20 minutes for them to make it and as we were waiting we went around to the kpop karaoke bar around the corner.
The rice was really good and the chicken was made just right! I'd definitely come and visit here again when I come back to Canada. I'd recommend staying here and eating in because it is made super fresh!
Also this place is full halal for those of you wondering!"
"Came here as I read the good reviews, the place is small 6-7 tables. Clean place, ordered our food right away, and came before 20-30 minutes. Don't expect the service will be top, but ohh well it's cold and snowing heavy outside so might as well enjoy the food!

We had the tom yum soup with coconut, fried fish pampamno with sauce and salted fried rice. All of them were all good, the dish fish pampano's sauce is already salty so make sure you order just the plain rice with it. I would for sure be coming back here, I really love the fish that they have. And would be trying more of what they serve."
"I dined here on a Sunday at 7:30pm. We made reservations, but that was totally unnecessary since the restaurant was empty. Decor here is pretty minimal. There are 5 tables inside, which seats a total of 20 people. A server asked us if we wanted tea or water, so we asked for tea not knowing it isn't free. We didn't even get a refill on it either. Bummer. 

We ordered: 
- Roti Canai: 3/5. It wasn't too thick and it was pretty fluffy. Dipping was a bit oily.
- Mee goreng: 4/5. You get a pretty good amount for the price. We got it with beef but you have a choice to get it with chicken or prawns too. I thought it  tasted pretty good, but my sister found it to be too salty.
- Laksa: 3.5/5. Comes with two types of noodles. I found this to be too heavy and not enough noodles. Three of us were struggling to finish this bowl because it got sickening really quickly. Nice how you get one whole egg though. 
- The server also recommended us to get this appetizer that was on special... Not sure what it's called but it's like a spring roll with potatoes, mozzarella, chicken and something else inside. 4 for $5. It tasted like chicken pot pie. Pretty good. 
- Thai Iced Tea: 1/5. Don't get it. It was too sweet and didn't even taste like Thai iced tea... also got charged more than what was stated in the menu. 

While we were seated, a lady walked in and sat at the table in front of us, facing me. She kept staring at us and laughing hysterically... it made things really uncomfortable and we wanted to get out of there ASAP. She seems like a regular since the employees were joking around with her while she was ordering. On top of this starer, the people working here were speaking incredibly loud and obnoxiously. There is no music playing in the restaurant to mask the noise either. It made our dining experience very unpleasant. 

The ladies here were not attentive at all. I had to walk up to them to remind them about my Thai Iced tea. I also had to walk up to ask for a togo box and the bill. I'm sure if I needed to use the debit machine, I would have had to walk up to them as well.

We decided that we will not be returning as eating here is not fun."
"One word : Teleportation. This restaurant serves bona fide Malaysian Thai cuisine without actually having to take a 20 hour flight to South East Asia. 

As a Singaporean here in Canada, Mek's  Delights is indeed a delight. I had a couple of dishes here with my family and a friend. Roti Canai, Satay, Tom Yum, Mamak Mee Goreng. My stepdad had the lamb curry and it was superb. 

Oh, don't forget to try the popiah goreng, not sure what you guys call it here. 

The place is small yet cosy. Homely is the word I'm looking for. Truly, something every Canadian should try here in Guildford."
"This place is definitely a gem.
Finally came here yesterday after being recommended by a few friends.
We ordered Roti Canai, Three Tastes Fish, Chicken Apple, Nasi Goreng Kampong and Char Kwe Tiau. 
And all of them are just so good.
The fish isn't as spicy as how it looks and has that refreshing sour twist to it.
The Chicken apple is better than what I was expected. It is perfectly cooked and the skin is really crispy. Not to mention that the apple sauce is really good. It's is sweet but also a bit tangy.
Nasi Goreng Kampong is quite spicy, in my opinion, but really authentic and delicious.
Chat Kwe Tiau would be the only moderate dish we had on our table yesterday. It's good, but not great.
The winner for me would be the Fish and the Roti Canai. The Canai is very crispy on the outside yet still manage to be chewy at the same time. The curry that come with it tastes a bit spicy--which I like. We ordered our 2nd plate after tasting it. It is really that good.
The only cons for me would be that the food takes quite some time for them to be prepared. However, considering the food, I think it definitely worth the wait.
So yeah, definitely coming back here again! :)"
"Hands down the best restaurant serving Malaysian food in Vancouver so far. 

The location is a bit far if you are not anywhere near Surrey (this is near Guildford area), but after my first bite of the mee goreng, I decided I will make the trek out in future. It is so worth the trip. 

We ordered the tom yum soup with prawns (very similar to what you get to Thailand or in the Singapore/Malaysia region), mee goreng (it is so good!), lamb nasi briyani (equally tasty) and kampung fried rice with chicken (very yummy). We also ordered sambal which cost $1, and it was super spicy. All the dishes were delicious and would not be out of place at any coffee shop in Singapore. The taste was that authentic. 

Service was a bit slow as they were understaffed but they were very friendly and warm. Do not go in a big group as the space is limited. Probably could seat 16 customers or so.

I will want to go back again to try the crispy fried chicken and the three tastes fish which is also highly recommended."
The kampong fried rice with belachan, roti cenai, fried noodles are delicious.   The ice chendol & ice kachang are not tasty.
"One of the better Malaysian restaurants I have dined at recently. Food was tasty! Service was friendly. 

Food took awhile to arrive as it seems like a busy take out joint in the area. The chicken dish was perfectly fried when it finally arrived. The roti was fluffy and the sauce was also very good.

This is a very small restaurant, but clean. Parking at the back."
Malaysian food in Van can't get anymore authentic than this place. A small hole in the wall restaurant in Surrey you don't expect much from the outside but the owner is super friendly and does a lot of the cooking as well. The food is soooo good. Every single dish we order just hits the spot every single time. The food may come out slower when it's busier because they don't have much staff but worth the wait. Make sure you get the beef rendang, their spicy tilapia fish dish, fried rice and their noodle dishes *drooool*
Love the food! I have zero complaints except I wish they delivered! I can eat everything on the menu with balachan  sauce....it's spicy, stinky and yummy
This is definitely my favourite Singaporean/Malaysian Restaurant and I didn't have to drive into Vancouver for it. Loved the chicken satay. Will definitely go back to taste all the dishes.
"Wow ! This is a hidden gem  ..... very good food . We are all enjoy it ! Recommend fried rice and 3 tasty fish . 
So glad we pick this place . 
Tan the Dent Man signed off"
The nasi lemak here was easily the best I've had outside Singapore/Malaysia. And they do it with fried chicken instead of curry chicken. Sambal also delicious!
"we tried today a Singapore Laksa and chicken fried rice. Both at about $11.30, acceptable for the quantity inside. But they were very good and tasty, clean and good quality.

This restaurant reminds me of the Tamarind Hill from North Van. And I added it already to the list of favorite restos in the area. I'll be back for sure."
"Takeout galore!! 

Unless it's a white linen napkin/sit down/ by the beach meals, I prefer takeout or delivery for most casual food. Mainly because I can't eat much and 80% being left over. And also, it saves so much time! You get tot try more food!

Got a pre flight take out from a nearby Malaysian spot yesterday. And saw this spot on my way there. Naturally I had to order something even if it's for a bite. 

Parking is much harder here but if you park by the streets before, you should be fine. 

I got their Mee goreng and Roti canai dish. The noods were amazing!! I wasn't expecting it to be this good but they were mind blowing good. Even the chicken in the noodle was good! Too bad I couldn't eat it all!  

The Roti canai was a ok. Fluffy, flaky and full of butter. I'm not a fan of butter but if you are, you'd like it. Still coming back for the noodles! So delicious! Pricier than the other Malaysian spot next door. But worth it."
"Despite the entire restaurant staff being down with the flu, leaving the one owner lady to wait tables, cook, clean, and cashier simultaneously all by herself, my experience at Mek's Delight was an astoundingly positive and tasty one.

Almost everything on the well-photographed little menu looked delicious, but I decided to focus this visit on some mainstays: the roti canai and the laksa.

The roti canai were utterly indulgent: savoury and flaky and a tiny bit chewy in all the right ways, and the curry dipping sauce was just as ""awesome"" as the menu claimed it was.

The laksa was also very good. My first couple of bites of vegetables and noodles seemed a little weak, but as the rich chili-coconut broth soaked into everything over the next couple of minutes, that was quickly remedied. Like a good wine, it needed to ""breathe"" for a minute for all the flavours to blend a little. Slurping up big spicy spoonfuls of that broth later, I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to quit even though my already-full belly was telling me to stop.

I can't wait to go back to try other things.

Things to know: 
- There's no street parking, but there's a free parking lot in the rear of the building, and you can enter through the back or walk around.
- The place is very small, with only 5 four-top tables. Bring your date or your three closest friends, but leave the big groups at home. Carryout might be a good option if you're feeding more than four.
- Everything is made to order and may take a little bit especially if several people arrived at once. That's the price to pay for a fresh family-made meal.
- They have some Thai dishes on the menu, but I'd agree with other reviewers' suggestion to stick to the Malaysian dishes, especially on a first visit. A neighbouring table's tom kha soup looked just okay."
An honest to goodness mom and pop Malay and Thai place. The food was delicious, the owners were very friendly and the prices were excellent. The Roti Canai, chicken satay, Tom ka Hai and nasi Lemak was excellent. The three taste fried tilapia was out of this world. Highly recommended! Place is small and service is a bit slow, but everything was made fresh and came out piping hot.
"I have a love-hate relationship with this place. I LOOOOVE their food but their service isn't the best. It's a small restaurant run by a couple, the husband is the server and his wife is the cook, and they aren't the friendliest people out there.

However, their food is SOOOO good in my opinion. We've tried almost everything on their menu, and so far none of them disappoints except for their Beef Rendang, which is not on par with their other dishes. Their Spicy Chicken is out of the world. It's so unique and flavorful, I've never had chicken in that way ever before. Their Fried Chicken&Fries is really good too, it's more flavorful than your normal fried chicken.

I've been trying to restrain myself from coming back due to the bad service, but I can't help but crave their food. All in all, I'll recommend this place to you foodies out there that don't mind bad service as long as the food is really good."
"We went here because of their reviews. When we walked in, we were the only people there. We ordered:
Laksa 3.5/5 - it tasted good but wasn't that flavorful. It had too much veggies in it tooo. I had better laksa before that's why its was hard to compare it. 

Beef rendang 4/5 - the bf loved it. I thought it was okay.. this dish is usually not my favorite. But the meat was very soft! 

Roti 5/5 - this was the best roti I had! It was very crunchy and buttery.

Mee goreng 4/5 - noods was so yummy. A different taste.. but it was good. 

I would recommend to try this gem!"
"During my years living in downtown Vancouver, I'd often get my fix of Malaysian food at one of the BL locations...whichever was closest, or at the other ""Malaysian"" restaurant, which during my recent visit, I noticed is now closed down. Then, upon yelp'ing for BL's location, I noticed this ""new"" location on Robson....thought I'd go check it out.

We came a little before 6pm and noticed that the place was already pretty busy. We were greeted by one of the servers who told us it was going to be a 5-10 minute wait.....oh cool!.....at least it wasn't an hour wait! Shortly after, we were seated, handed the menu, and our server came by to welcome us and take our drink orders.....very nice and friendly young lady.

So, my father enjoys good Malaysian food, but is often not too happy with what you get overseas, when comparing it to the real thing back in Malaysia. However, he and I were, overall, quite happy with the food here. We ordered the more typical Malaysian dishes, just because we had a craving for them, and for us to test out the quality of these common dishes. We went ahead and ordered the Roti Canai (flat bread), Chicken Satay, Gado Gado (salad), Boneless Curry Chicken, Singapore Laksa (curry vermicelli noodles), and the Pisang Goreng (fried banana fritters) with Vanilla Ice Cream.

First off, the roti canai was probably the best I have ever eaten in the US/Canada, and is the closest to the authentic roti canai you get back in Malaysia.....thick, puffy, and tastes yummy. The boiled veggies in the gado gado should have been drained better as the water diluted the peanut sauce and diminished the taste quite a bit. The chicken satay was very nice and tender, but had very weak flavor.....a bit bland....the peanut sauce that came with it helped somewhat, but the satay itself typically has much more flavor on its own. The Singapore laksa was good.....yummy. But, it was the pisang goreng, that's my father's favorite dessert....which he will often eat on a daily basis from any good Thai or Malaysian restaurant that carries it.....that he commented was ""very good.""

Yea, some hits and some misses with this place, but overall, we were quite happy with the quality of the food. Service was fine for us despite how crowded and busy the place was. Will definitely come back here again when I'm back in town."
"On our first day visiting Vancouver, a local friend recommended Banana Leaf as a lunch option for us.  We are still talking about how amazing that lunch was.  The perfectly balanced flavors and fresh ingredients were exactly what we had been craving.  

We ordered the peppercorn oysters, roti canai, lettuce wraps and the papaya and seafood soup.  Maybe it was because it was chilly outside but that soup was phenomenal.  Just the perfect amount of spice.  All of our other items were amazing as well; all perfectly cooked without being greasy at all.  

If there weren't so many other restaurants to try during our stay, we would have definitely returned!"
"Like most people have identified, this Banana Leaf does not really live up to the name of the other locations. It's almost incomprehensible that they can charge as much as they do for; lets face it...glorified fried rice. 

My friend and I shared a pineapple fried rice a few skewers and two beers. Everything was over priced and way too oily and there was little to no meat. Why be so el cheapo with the meat? Do yo really think people won't notice if you smother everything in very salty sauce?

If you are in the neighborhood, I recommend going to the donair place next door for a better meal."
Pretty unremarkable food, and my wife and I LOVE Malaysian/Indonesian food. The food here tasted a bit more like Chinese or Thai, and it was expensive for what you get. 15 dollars for fried rice with all of two (count em) shrimp in there. Giving it 3 stars because the decor was nice and the service was good.
"This is one of my favorite Malaysian food crave. The service was good, clean establishment, no complaints. 

The food were all amazing, I ordered Mee Goreng and a Lunch special which is composed of my favorite Roti, Beef Rendang, and Vegetable Curry with rice; a great value to try for trying out Malaysian foods. I highly recommend it and I would come back again."
I love it. Good quality of food. The taste is absolutely remind me of real Asian food in Asia. Will come back
Great service, nice location. They have really reasonable lunch specials but I was with a group of 6 and we opted to order a bunch of items to share. Food is so delicious. From what we order I would get again: mango kerabo(mango, cucumber, carrot salad so refreshing, need it to cut the richness of the meal), eggplant fries(light and a great share plate), roti canai, tiger prawns in mango chilli basil(this is something new I tried and I was crazy about it), nasi goreng, mee goreng, char kuey teow (my fav out of the noodle dishes). We also ordered the rendang beef, and then raised lamb shank which were both quite nice but I would skip them next time and try something else. We finished it off with the pisang goreng which is the deep fried banana, sooo delicious. Make sure you ask for mango ice cream with it instead of the vanilla it originally comes with. It's finished with caramel drizzle and toasted nuts. Didn't last on the table for more than a minute. With a bottle of wine, a beer, 4 specialty drinks, 9 dishes and 2 desserts it came to $210 for 6 people! So reasonable! Definitely coming back. Only downer was they were out of the mango slush to make half of the drinks which I was annoyed about so I was limited on the beverages. Especially when I had my heart set on having a mango drink. Ahh well...
I love the food in all location! Very diverse menu and a lot of drinks selections 5/5 stars. These restaurants are meant for sharing, so if you're planning to be with friends and/or family. This is a great place for that!
"*Resubmitted Review (I left a review on Denman which is supposed to be for Robson)*
Ordered Rendang Beef and Sayur Lemak which is under lunch special menu ($10). Great portion and the taste was okay. It wasn't too outstanding in my opinion. I had high expectations on those two dishes and felt disappointed when I got lukewarm food. It'd be better if it was piping.

I didn't find it too delicious though."
My husband and I were wandering up and down the streets of Vancouver when we found this restaurant. I got the seafood pineapple fried rice and I was blown away. Everything was sooooo fresh. Fresh fried rice mixed with with ripe, juicy pineapple chunks and a medley of fresh shrimp, baby scallops, and chicken. Then the whole thing is served in a hollowed out pineapple half. So fresh, perfect, and delicious. The interior of the restaurant is very beautiful and authentic and the entire wait staff was awesome.
"I'll find any excuse to go to this place. Friendly service, decent portions and tasty cocktails. 

Roti Canai is a must order. Could eat that it all day, everyday!"
The food at banana leaf is so tasty and full of flavour that you'll have to return to try multiple dishes. My faves are the Mee goreng and laksa (made vegetarian) and hey are both soooo good! I love the eggplant fries and the roti canai as well. I've brought friend and family alike and they each have found something different in the menu to love. Definitely a favourite and will be back for more.
"This was our first time at this location, and we were not disappointed. The Banana Leaf is one of my must-do's every time in Vancouver. Ever since my first bite of their caramelized cod, I've been a fan.

This location was less cramped than their Denman location, which was a nice change. As always, the food was wonderful. My son had the lamb-a new try for our family. He is a fan of lamb in general and reported that while this dish didn't taste like ""traditional"" lamb, it was ""really good."" 

A couple of helpful notes: with the wide varieties of spicy food in this city, sometimes it's hard to judge heat levels. The ""regular"" at The Banana Leaf, however, isn't so hot that you'll need a glass of milk and Tums. My kids can eat their food without having to have it made mild. However, the restaurant will make things mild if needed."
"Cosy restaurant.  Immediate seating at 5:30 Sunday night.  Service:  very attentive.

Pleased that they have happy hour!
Pineapple rum cocktail:  ok but wasn't anything that rocked my world.
Eggplant fries:  excellent.  Sweet chili sauce lightly drizzled over it.  I liked that they weren't greasy and that they were just lightly breaded.  Something to be said about just keeping things simple.  Let the vegetable be what it is without overdressing it.

Extensive menu with many tasting options for 2.

Would return to try their other items."
always a good place to eat in and take out. the food are always great, definitely over par. great place to eat in, even with kid(s). some of the food are best to be eat in, but take out would still be more than suffice for personal, or even party.
Went to the Robson St. Location. We had an excellent meal here. We had the $20 tasting menu and liked everything, especially the fish curry. And the panna cotta dessert was amazing. The house wine was also good. The inside space was clean and comfortable for an evening meal. And the service was excellent also. Our friends who have spent a lot of time in Malaysia praised their food as well.
Went here today for HAPPY HOUR, had some real good food and it came out nice and hot. I'll be back soon, and the alcohol was good as well!
"Amazing lunch special.

I always get the Hainan chicken with ginger sauce it is a cold dish so be prepared!

There is an appetizer of roti with Malaysian sauce you also have to get.

Next time I'm getting what my friend got which is the goreng noodle, has that distinct wok flavour over an open flame that we all love.

This particular location is my favourite because it's on Robson Street and it's a fairly large banana leaf quite possibly the biggest of the three that are located in Vancouver."
Came in for early dinner.  Lamb Shank was tender and delicious.  Enjoyed the atmosphere.
Banana Leaf has a good variety of lunch specials and combos for approx. $10-$15. We started with an order of roti. For $7 the portion was small and the accompanying curry was watered down. I ordered the vegetarian delight for my main which consisted of coconut vegetable curry, rice and one vegetable spring roll. The spring roll was good but a tad greasy. The curry was very tasty and there was strong coconut flavour. The curry was very mild.  Overall the food was good but not outstanding. Banana leaf offers a solid lunch with a good selection of dishes for vegetarians.
"I am totally jazzed about a Malaysian restaurant chain.  I love the flavors and think they could really catch on if more people were exposed to them.  Banana Leaf does this in a classy way, putting the art and artifacts of the culture around you and does it at reasonable prices.

So why three stars?  Although our group of 5 had 4 different dishes, only one of them was a standout.  The rest were bland and uninteresting (including the camphur plate and the lettuce roll with chicken).  The star dish was the Singapore Laksa - a coconut curry soup with rice noodles and seafood.  This was great - rich, creamy, flavorful and filling."
"There were 2 locations of this local chain within walking distance of our hotel and we chose this one. We sat on the patio and, after reviewing the menu, decided to order the 9-course tasting menu.  Our first course was mango kerabu, an interesting looking, though particularly flavorfull, salad of shredded carrots, green mangos, chili's and shallots in lime juice/fish sauce dressing.  Next came roti canai, satay chicken and cumin mussels.  We had several dishes on this trip that included mussels, but this one was voted #1. 

Shortly after the appetizers, our four entrees arrived:  rendang beef curry, sambal green beans, caramelized ginger sablefish and gulai tiger prawns and scallops. Our shared dessert was pisang goreng (deep fried banana) with ice cream. Every dish was very good with the only exceptions being the rendang beef curry (tough) and rice (dry).  Pacing throughout the meal was very good as was the service"
I might have found a new Asian cuisine that I love. I had no idea Malaysian food would be so delectable! Every single dish was so distinct and aromatic!
We ordered some of the roti canai (paratha and curry) to start. We also ordered the eggplant fries (5 stars!), tofu goreng (could have passed), It was deliciously crispy and creamy. For the entree we ordered a vegetarian tofu based curry. It is obvious they get their ingredients fresh.
Food was pretty good overall.  Was here during late night happy hour and its a pretty good deal compared to other places in the area.  Malysian milk tea was good and interesting.  My own comment is not to get the win tasting pairing.  They seem to have no idea how that works and they just push out all the courses and bring you the wine only when you ask for it.
If you're going here you have to get the 11 course meal! It's a bit pricier then the rest of the menu but definitely worth it! All meals came pretty quickly and tasted true to authentic Malaysian plates. They also had a very delicious sangria cocktail.
"Warm atmosphere, kind service. 
Bottom line, food was amazing. This is one of my best Asian food places 

Menu description:

Pineapple fried rice & Seafood curry.
Feat. Chicken Satay."
Satisfying, but a little underwhelming. Disclaimer: I am in no way an expert on Malaysian dining. Living in Portland, I have access to phenomenal Thai and Vietnamese food, but Malaysian is something our city has yet to embrace. So my first time was in Sydney ... and it was a revelation. I was very excited to get another fix while staying in Vancouver, but the food here couldn't quite live up to that magical first time. The sampler appetizer was a nice array, all the same (we couldn't put our finger on it, but something about the calamari breading was really addictive), and the Mee Goreng had a nice enough flavor, though texturally, it was kind of a slop. Small but nice selection of local brews was a pleasant surprise, and service was friendly.
"This place has a very inviting, calm interior which us definitely a lot nicer than most restaurants nearby. The food and drinks were delivered very quickly (even at ny neighbours talbe with 8 people).
Pricing is good though I don't like that rice costs 2$. It should be free, since a lot of the meals call for rice or some other side dish.
Soft drinks however get free refills which is great."
Stopped here and ordered takeout to get back to our hotel room. The guy at the front was super friendly and welcoming (unlike a dumpling house we stopped by a little bit earlier that was a few stores down). We ordered some takeout (noodles and chicken satay) and the amount of noodles they gave you was so big that with some chicken satay it easily fed 2. We will definitely be back not just to try more of their great food but also for the friendly service!
"This is my go to for fresh Chinese takeout. The restaurant is spotless. The owners are wonderful, the prices reasonable and best of all , the food is delicious

I usually go with the combo. The eggrolls are excellent (not the ones that are a fake pink inside). The hot and sour soup is full of wonderful flavors. I have had multiple entrees and all are good, crisp vegetables and good quality meats in abundance.  Enjoy!"
Great take-out chinese.  I've had the General Tso's chicken, five flavor beef and orange flavor chicken.  All were very good.  The breaded/fried items are crispy, not mushy and the sauces are good as well.  I think this is the place for take out, replacing my previous favorite of China Wok.
Chinese takeout. 3 small tables inside so be aware of that. This my first time here and got curry chicken for lunch. It is delicious. A lot of onions so if that isn't your thing be sure to ask for new none or less. Unlike most Chinese fast food, you will be so happy to see that it is clean inside and so is the bathroom. Also the people are very very friendly. I wish I would have known about this place for years since I drive by and work close but never would have stopped based on what it looks like outside. Don't let that fool you, the plaza is finishing up renovations so I hope this helps their business. I will be back to try all of the other dishes!
I was in town for a few days,  staying in Altamonte  Springs,  and I had an urge for really good Chinese food.  I yelped and came across this little gem... So glad I went despite the nasty traffic. The owners are super nice and super friendly!   The prices are very reasonable and the food is amazing!  The beef with oyster sauce and chicken in black bean sauce dishes were delicious and the chicken chow fun (which I was told was really good that day) was so good I couldn't stop eating it!  Add in the yummy egg roll and this meal really hit the spot.  Highly recommended!
"I just tried China Moon take out....OMG..I was a chef and have spent time learning how to cook Asian food.  I learned that sesame chicken should be made with thigh meat, first braised and then deep fried and tossed with a light vinegar and sweet sauce.  I haven't had sesame chicken this good since the NY china town chef showed me how to make it..until now.  

We also got Beef Chow Mien.  It reminded me of the  chow mien we used to get at a a hole in wall restaurant in Boulder, CO back in the 60's.  The cook there was straight from China and had a way with a wok.  

So much flavor.  This place isn't fancy, it is in a strip mall and I recommend taking it home, but wow, it is so much better than a local staple Longwood restaurant Chinese/sushi  that used to be great, but has gone downhill in the past 8-10 months.

Please try this hometown restaurant and support local business.  These folks are great I highly recommend you give them a shot Longwood...so that they are able to stick around!

Oh..and the prices are great!"
Best quick Chinese food I've had in the Orlando area since I've lived here! I order from there a few times a month. I always try different menu items and have not been disappointed yet! The owners are extremely friendly and accommodating. Give them a try!
Best Chinese around, everything tastes fresh and the inside is very clean. Really nice people. Don't go anywhere else, this is the place.
This is a hidden treasure..  The location is lonely beside a beverage store but nothing else.  It gets dark there at night.  Find your way into a very clean 3-4 table dining area.  The food is really good, tasty and seasoned very well.. I am a visitor to the area and love finding these places :). I'll be back.
"Sometimes you just need to find a good Chinese takeout place and until recently, I had been searching for one.  I've found places where they may have one or two tasty items, but at China Moon everything is tasty!

I came across this little gem over the Christmas holiday thanks you ""Yelpers"" out there.  I was searching for something near my home in Winter Springs and saw that this place had 4.5 stars.  I had initially started out thinking pizza but hey, Chinese is good to so en route to Luna's the hubs and I made the switch. 

The restaurant is tiny.  I mean that literally.  It's tucked into a strip mall next to a package/convenience store and as mentioned it's not well lit outside.  I was expecting the inside to be similar to all other take out places I've been with the sad Formica tables and vinyl chair showing wear but man was I wrong! The inside is bright...lots of light and painted a warm
gray/green.  The floor is new and unscuffed and the baseboards and door trims are bright white. There are some abstract works of art on the walls and it's clear that the owners take pride in their establishment. 

As for the owners this is a true family run establishment. Being that we were there during the holiday, the daughters were working the front while mom and dad prepared the food.  They took or orders and joked around not only with us, but with each other.  The highlight was when one sister patted the head of the other and said ""Good job Annie...I knew you could do it""!  We later found out that ""Annie"" was the older of the two girls.  It may sound odd, but for a moment it felt like I was part of their family!

As if cleanliness and family aren't already enough, the food is...well, the food is amazing. The dinner combos are a great deal.  Large in portions of the entree plus an eggroll and soup.  We had the General Tso's Chicken, Five Flavor Chicken, Mongolian Beef and Kung Pao Chicken.  The dinner's come with pork fried rice but I asked for a substitution of white rice with the Gen Tso's and they were very accommodating.  I had also ordered some steamed vegetable dumplings.  They were out of those and the owner came over to apologize and offered me another appie for the same price.  I asked if she had the pork dumplings, which she did, so I took those instead. Everything was perfect.  The eggrolls were crisp and not greasy, the fried rice was smokey and filled with roast pork, the green onions in the Mongolian Beef were still crispy tender, the sauces were not too sweet or too salty...it was simply lovely.  
Since our initial visit we have been back trying the egg drop soup, wonton soup and Mooshu Chicken.

The prices may be a tiny bit more (if at all) than other places and they don't do the ""Spend $30 get a Quart of free soup"" that I've seen other placed do but for a family of 4 it seemed average to me at $40. And the quality is well worth the cost. 

If you are in the Longwood area near Ronald Reagan Blvd, or even if you aren't, you should definitely make a stop by Chin Moon!

Pros:
- Food is amazing and they have a few extra menu items you don't often see such as Mooshu, Chop Suey, Chow Mein and Mei Fun.
- Owners are great! They talk with you while they cook your food and keep you updated as to how much longer you have.
- Pristine clean!!! 

Cons:
- Tiny inside...8 seats only so it's really meant to grab and go (which means you have to wait to eat the amazing food!)"
"This small, immaculate restaurant is easy to miss tucked in a small strip mall on a busy, mostly industrial road. Don't pass this restaurant by, though! You will be glad you stopped for food here!  

I judge my Chinese restaurants by the quality of their dumplings. China Moon did not disappoint!  They had both steamed & fried pork dumplings.  Their filling was flavorful, the wrappers the perfect thickness--thick enough to hold together but not so thick to be doughy and overpower the filling. We also ordered the seafood soup for 2.  The portion was enough for 4, and contained a plethora of fresh seafood and veggies.  The broth was light and flavorful, and you could actually taste the food, unlike other soups I have had that are so overly salted or seasoned that you don't taste anything else.  We also had the Ma Po Tofu, (requested without hot peppers) which was delicious, flavorful, in a nice brown sauce that again, didn't overpower the tofu.  The portions are generous, and the prices are very reasonable.

We will definitely be going back often and trying other items on the menu.  (We have already preordered a large quantity of dumplings for a party coming up in a couple weeks)!"
Customer service can be hit or miss. They have gotten my orders right and wrong. The food portions are good but it's okay. I haven't found anything I like. They do have a good lunch combo.
Got takeout from this place a while ago- tried the kung pao chicken I usually do at all Chinese spots. Pretty good but the fried rice needed more egg.
Absolutely the best place to get Chinese food, and it's not only because of the amazing cuisine, but the owners are just the sweetest people I've ever met. My boyfriend and I are regulars and always struggle to decide between trying something new and getting our favorites (including the bourbon chicken!!). The amount of food you get is enough to feed a small army! It's fantastic. The owners are just so nice and friendly. Truly a joyful experience!
"Oooh, this Banana Leaf is so much better than the one in Los Angeles! The location is very spacious, comfortable, and decorated in a way that gives it a nice Southeastern vibe.

We came here as a large group, so we were able to share a couple things. We got the fried calamari and roti pratas to share. Each person ordered a version of curry or fried rice, all which were good. I ordered the Singaporean Laksa (as always). 

The broth was rich with coconut milk, which I like a lot. Apparently authentic laksa doesn't is more seafoody and less coconutty - but I prefer the more Westernized version. There were a LOT of noodles in my dish, which made less room for soup. Sad :( 

The nasi goreng was more tomato-y than usual. Not sure if it's supposed to taste like that, but my friends liked it so I guess that's good!

I personally loved the roti and calamari. The roti had a nice hint of sweetness to it - not too powerful, but just a hint, so that you'd want more. The calamari was very umami and did not taste oily or fried, even though it was.

I'd love to come back! The menu was very extensive, which is always exciting.

Yelp 100 Challenge 2017 (32/100)"
"Gotta write a review for one of my favourite restaurants in Vancouver! If you want Banana Leaf, this location is the best. 
Service is great and they remember all my preferences.
Seafood dishes are great, but my absolute favourite is the roti canai. Fluffy, perfectly crispy with that magical dipping sauce. I keep the sauce to mix with entrees because it is that good. They used to have this chicken and gado gado with rice, but it is not longer on the menu but the kitchen does make exceptions. I love the peanuts on the chicken skewers! 

Groups also have the option of a tasting menu.

I like to come for lunch because there is quite a large price jump when you come eat dinner. Surprisingly it usually isn't too packed on the weekend. 

They have a patio for those summer days."
"A friend and I went here for the first time recently on one of our weekly lunches. The decor is a little kitsch, but there was plenty or space and it was cosy. We arrived for a late lunch.

They were very accommodating in doing a vegetarian adaptation of a laksa - so we both had that. We also ordered a wonderful salad as a side - the papaya one - it was fresh and crunchy and tasty. We also had a starter - I think it was spring rolls - these were tasty, but nothing outstanding.

The laksa was fresh and the noodles were good, but I would have liked a bit more veggies and tofu - I love that big bowl of goodness feeling. The soup was a little too spicy for me in a few places - I had a coughing fit twice - and that is unusual for me - I each spicy Asian food regularly.

We also had a few cocktails to go with lunch. The one I had was great, but my friend had the lychee mojito. She didn't like it and even this week when we had lunch somewhere else, she mentioned again how much she didn't like it and that it had a strange lingering after taste. She reminded me to mention it in my review!

Overall, this was a nice lunch option, but nothing special. We also felt hurried to finish up - they gave us the nudge twice."
"This is by far my favorite Malaysian restaurant in Vancouver, or anywhere for that matter. The restaurant is full of bright colours, with kites dangling from the ceiling and the wait staff dressed in semi-traditional outfits, which are just as colourful as the walls here.

It was pretty clean when I went, I'm not sure if this was before or after the public health hubbub. Things seemed pretty normal, even impressive, to me.

My favorite dish is the fried rice served in a pineapple half. How often is it that you can eat your food out of a pineapple? The satay -- chicken, beef, or pork -- is all good, smothered in delicious peanut sauce that will have you craving more. 

Even my Malaysian boyfriend admitted this place wasn't too bad for fusion cuisine, and said it was way better than places like Tropika. And he's picky when it comes to restaurants! The food isn't as spicy as it probably would be in Malaysia, but then again, this isn't exactly Malaysia and not everybody has tastebuds that can withstand the powers of chili!"
Good quality food. The seafood curry was good, and the laksa was exceptional. Get the young coconut!
"I sometimes find there food is not quite consistence with the other branch. But no complains, food is always good. And is still always my favorite Malay Restaurant

I usually order the Hainanese Chicken, Roti Canai, Skewers, Pineapple fried rice. 
This location recently reopened after renovating. The look is pretty much the same except with the wall.

Service is always great here.

But have to say after the reno they did hiked up the price."
"Another one of my favorite places.
Their roti canai is indescribable. 
Not very authentic, but as a person who's never tried real Malaysian food, I love it."
"We came here for my best friend's birthday. We had a table of 11 and we got the Prix Fixe Menu for $25 per person. We paid $32/person after tax and tip. Everything was delicious. The roti was flaky and hot. My boyfriend is not a very adventuous eater, but he tried and finished everything and went for seconds in some cases. His favourite was the Tiger Prawns in Singapore Chili Sauce. They were large prawns fried and covered in a thick ketchupy sauce. I liked the roti and the Rendang Beef. Everyone had plenty to eat and there was something to satisify even the pickiest eater.

Only one catch, both my boyfriend and I got sick after the meal. Since that was the only meal we shared that day, I could only attribute it to the restaurant. However, even with that snag, we gave it 4 stars!"
"The food was fantastic, probably the best banana leaf location (better than their other broadway location). 

We ordered a number of dishes for a group of 5, all were AMAZING. 

The only thing I didnt like was the lack of attention and mediocre service. No one makes eye contact with you when your trying to get their attention. Also the wood chairs with the arms were uncomfortable, unless your 115lbs. The decor is tack-city but who cares you go there for the food.

Also its annoying to go to the counter to pay by credit card... thats just low-class, get with program people upgrade your credit card processing machine."
This location was very loud and popular at lunchtime. I tried a fried noodle dish which was quite nice. And another creamy noodle dish was yummy as well. The lunchtime prices are okay and I was pretty full afterwards.
Their food in the past has been inconsistent from location from location (particularly the fry bread), but seems to be improving. Great, well-priced lunch specials.
"Whenever I get to pick a restaurant to eat dinner at, this is where I go. There are so many choices and I'll try anything here even the curry (and I'm not typically a fan of curry). The pineapple chicken fried rice is delicious, the fresh young coconut drink is so refreshing (so is the lychee mojito) and the appetizer pick platter is just so much deliciousness on one plate that you almost don't want to eat an entree but you can't go there and NOT order an entree. 
The place is a little crowded and almost always full but it's worth the wait (go early to avoid the lineups)."
We are gluten/ dairy free and this is our GO-TO place for tasty, spicy, veggie cuisine that can suit our restrictions without leaving us feeling like we have asked for too much by asking for a GFCF option... The menu is superb with healthy options that taste unbelievable.... We eat veggie and fish and the menu is still huge considering what we're looking for. Portions- very decent. Service- always pro... Excellent attitudes and the decor I just love! With the exception of that big yellow room where they put peeps with young kids... I understand why and appreciate the atmo when I am in the big tropical room- but that yellow room just sucks...just sayin'. But if it's that luscious tropical room you are seated in, more than likely - you will enjoy it completely.
"Food is decent. Authentic flavours. Typically dine here if I am close to one of their locations and happen to seek out M'sian food. 

Service has been consistently poor in all my visits here. Never been greeted with a smile nor given much attention. Often find their servers make you feel they are doing you a favour. An attitude I do not understand since they work in public-facing service sector.I come here only occasionally since I can get equally good or better at Tropika on Cambie."
"+ Great menu and exceptional service.
+ I treat myself 2 to 3 times a month.
+ This location is best ambience for this chain."
Found this place by accident.  Hit the jackpot!  Malasian food.  Had the mango cucumber salad which was excellent with good presentation and only $5!  Also had the seafood medley curry $20 (most other selections are less money btw).  It was full of scallops, shrimp, mussels, clams and squid plus steamed okra, green beans and peppers.  Veggies just crisp and not overdone...you'd be surprised how many restaurants can't get that right.  Wow it was good! And piled high!  I ordered a $2 side of rice to soak up the juices.  Excellent value and presentation.  Interior was average.  Pretty and pleasant hostesses in Malasian style bibs. 5 stars.  Too bad I don't live in Vancouver. :(
"I went here hoping to be reminded of flavors and things I had in Singapore.  That might of have set my expectations too high.  So take that in to consideration if you are trying to interpret my review, but I know others in similar hunger for laksa or chicken rice so it might be more useful for them.  

I didn't even try the chicken rice, mainly because there was no mention of the different chili sauces that accompany it.  That was what made this dish for me, the different sauces and one of the major ones not mentioned on the menu, I wasn't going to order it.  

Instead we tried four things, the roti, the lettuce wraps (I know, not traditional but sounded good), the laksa and Char Kuey Teow.  The roti were a bit odd, they had a hint of sweetness that threw me off.  They were light and had the right bit of crispness, but the flavour seemed odd to me.  Maybe a regional variation?  But the curry that came with it was just sad.  More like a brown gravy dipping sauce and no real aromatic spices or flavor.  The lettuce wraps were good.  The chicken version had a nice flavor and actually I put some of the filling on my roti which was actually pretty good.  The Char Kuey Teow was pretty decent but was missing something, maybe a hint of dark soy or a pinch of salt, it was close to what I remember, just needed some cockles!  but I know those are something you aren't going to find around here.  

The Laksa was just odd.  Not spicy at all.  But I didn't get any of the flavor from shrimp paste and it almost tasted like they finished it with cream.  And the noodles were still a bit stiff.  We kept trying to decided if we should send it back because the noodles were so underdone, but sitting a bit let them finish cooking in the laksa.  I know this can be tricky, but how long has this place been here?  Also, servers kept trying to take our plates while we were still eating off them.  As I write this I'm not sure if I shouldn't change this to a two star review.  The decent Char Kuey Teow is what is saving them."
"The Banana Leaf came highly recommended so we knew we were in for a treat.
Just to clarify we are food freaks (1 x lactose intolerant and 1 x vegetarian) so sometimes eating out for us and having a choice can be a little challenging.  We went through the menu with our server just to confirm what had shrimp and fish sauce so that we made the correct choices.  Our server knew the menu so well and made some fantastic recommendations.  
The shredded mango salad is a phenomenal salad.  The flavours are sublime.  Just a shame it had fish sauce in it so my husband couldn't enjoy it as well.  The lamb shank was heavenly - the meat fell off the bone and the sauce/gravy was a perfect complement.  Again such subtle and well matched flavours.  The tofu starter with sweet chilli was fantastic and would have been an awesome lunch dish.  
The service was excellent and the bill not too steep considering we'd both had starters, entrees and shared a bottle of Mission Hill.  
The only weird thing about the Banana Leaf was the music in the background - hardcore dance/trance!  It was such a bizarre choice of music for this restaurant and didn't really want to make us hand around for dessert."
"So we were walking aimlessly one summer evening on Broadway, on a holiday, and most restaurants from Cambie onwards was closed, or looked kind of empty.

We stumbled upon Banana Leaf which looked bustling (we had already heard some pretty good reviews from our friends).  We were seated pretty quickly and I started off with a Tiger beer.

We started off with the Steamed Mussels in Ginger & Cumin Coconut Sauce.  The sauce was amazing... almost... too amazing.  In fact, it's almost unfair how amazing this dish is.

We then moved onto the Seafood & Chicken Fried Rice in Pineapple Boat  and the Eggplant in Dried Shrimp with Basil.  I highly recommend both of these. 

The rice dish was flavorful with a garden of different seafood and pineapple.  And the eggplant dish worked really well with the rice.. the rice soaks up the sauce from the eggplant... and I'm pretty sure if you combine the two, you get Captain Planet and the Planeteers.

The price is fair and  I look forward to eating there again."
Came here with a friend from out of town, we ordered the appetizer selection (all delicious except I would skip the calamari next time, it wasn't great), their delicious veg & tofu yellow curry which has tons of tofu & vegetables in it, and the sambal prawns with a side of rice. SOOO goood!! Service was attentive, the server had no issue with us switching our appetizers at the last minute and graciously accommodated our fickleness.
Just did a lunch a Banana Leaf ... it was still fine, but not quite as good as before ... even the roti was not as I-just-can't-help-myself tasty as usual ... please, Banana Leafers, let it just have been a bad day.  You're still my favorite sit-down lunch near VGH.
I highly recommend the 7 course $25 dinner. Great presentation, great portions, great taste. Get er dun!
"Food is very greasy--- this put us off.
Ambiance was good 
Service was nice too
The food tasted good except for the grease. The portion size was reasonable but little pricey.
Nice place to try if you dnt mind the oil"
"We ordered the appetizer sampler with the roti, satay, papaya salad. It was standard Malaysian/Thai fare toned down for North American palates. A great restaurant to try if you have never tried this type of food before. They also have decent options for vegetarians. However, you might find it average if you're used to other tastes. There are options for what most people are interested in. Overall, the restaurant is relatively clean as well. 
 
I would recommend this restaurant as an alternative to casual dining places like Cactus Club, or Earls.

Good food when you want something reliable. Would go again."
We've been to this location a couple of times now for weekend lunch. The menu has something for everyone, and the portion sizes are adequate. The staff is efficient, and the restaurant has a relaxed atmosphere. I had the hot and sour soup and roti cani, both were delicious. The soup was actually spicy which I really appreciate. We had a 2 year old dining with us, and he ate a variety of food served at our table as well. Overall good experiences and we will visit again.
"I love Malaysian food because of the Banana Leaf.  We had some mee goreng and mango chili prawns. Eggplant dish was really tasty! It was the perfect place to bring my mom and her friend for dinner. 

Compared to the Broadway and Willow location, this place's decor is a bit fancier and swankier.  I would give it 5 stars, but it loses a star because I do find it a bit more expensive than it should be."
I had never had Malaysian food before and was a little wary, but it was great food and an enjoyable atmosphere. I had the Rendang Beef Curry, and can highly recommend it. Others in my party had the Curry Boneless Chicken and the Assam Curry Tofu and Vegetables. We all shared an order each of Roti Canai and Vegetable Spring Rolls, which were more than enough for a party of 7. Everything was delicious and the service was prompt and courteous. I will definitely come here again if I return to Vancouver.
Fantastic experience! The food was amazing, appetizer portions were  generous sizes and all their seafood was fresh and cooked to perfection!  The Gulai Seafood we had for main was delicious and so fragrant! The service was impeccable. Congratulations, happy customers here and we will be back! recommend 100%
"This was a nice place, a very eclectic choice of dishes.

My wife was not as happy with it, but she is not a fan of curried dishes, so there were not as many options for her.

I would definitly go back."
Nice decoration and good location in downtown Kitsilano. Food was plenty, but there was no taste in it. It also took very long for my wife's food to arrive. Overall we were disappointed with the mediocre experience.
Maybe I'm not a huge Malaysian fan like my little sis, but she loves this place!!!  no comment
"Growing up in Malaysia, we couldn't pass up the opportunity to eat here. We ordered beef rendang, gado gado salad (this salad is actually of Indonesian origins) and 'sambal okra, brinjal, green beans and shrimps' (all in one dish).

The beef cubes/chunks were nicely marinated, and the rendang sauce was more curry in texture (in Malaysia, the rendang sauce is much thicker, as one needs to cook it several hours). Despite this, the rendang curry was just as flavorful. I use the curry label to describe the constituency, rather than the flavor. The bowl was spooned clean. The kaffir lime leaves added to the flavor.

Gado gado salad has steamed bean sprouts, slices of hard boiled eggs, green beans and small chunks of potatoes. Peanut sauce is poured over all these. The key is peanut sauce. This was done just right, and it help pull the salad altogether.

The last dish must be a chef's special creation, as this was the first time we ate a mix of these three vegetables. It was a hit for us. The shrimps in this dish provided some nice meaty texture, though we enjoyed the vegetables by themselves in the sambal sauce just as much.

I do not pass on any Malaysian dessert with gula melaka (coconut sugar). Unfortunately, there wasn't that much gula melaka in the two desserts we chose, which is a shame.

I chose the sticky rice with mango. What makes or breaks this dessert (besides the gula melaka sauce) is the sweetness of the mango slices. That was the case last night, as the mango slices were a bit tart.

My wife had the kuih dadar, which is flour wrapping with shredded coconut stuffings, soaked with his melaka. This was much better. There were 4 rolls, so, one could share that dessert!

We enjoyed our meal and would come back again when we are back in Vancouver BC."
"I think a lot more foods would taste better presented in half a pineapple.
The front of the dining area has a giant safe.  What's in the safe?  Magic Treasure?  Servers who refuse to sing happy birthday to diners?  Diners who refuse to pay their bill?  Yelpers want to know."
"My friends called me out for a dinner since they didn't have plans this evening and Banana Leaf was the call for the night. I arrived first to get us the walk-in space, welcomed by an extremely small waiting area (considering how popular they are, bad move). The music was quite loud and I could barely hear myself let alone my friends. We were seated and weren't given any (audible) introduction to our server prior which kind of irked me. We each ordered a dish and shared appetizers with each other which went pretty smoothly. 

The food took a little bit to come out (understandably, full house) however, my main issue was the order that the food came out in. We first received one of our entrees followed by one of our appetizers. About 5 minutes after, the three entrees came with another 5 before  getting the 2nd appetizer. First, most restaurants bring appetizers out before any entrees for the sake of being an ""appetizer"". Secondly, our friend didn't want to eat without the rest of us getting our entrees and I can only presume his food lost its heat after such a wait. None of the servers had followed up to tell us that there was going to be a wait for the other appetizers or entrees which was extremely disappointing.

To the food. I shared the calamari with my friend and had the Singapore Laksa. The calamari was well flavored and the sauce accompanying had a good tang to it. The laksa however had various points of disappointment. I first noticed how lacking the toppings were. There were literally 2 pieces of chicken, squid, and egg in my bowl. In particular, the egg sections were EXTREMELY small and had no yolk (what a joke!). Nevertheless, I was disappointed with their advertisement of toppings. The flavor of the soup was decent and had an odd ""eggy"" texture , and the noodles were strangely textured, presuming starchy noodles, doesn't have that degree of softness that i'm used to)

All in all, the food was mediocre at best and service was under that. I would only go again under ""mandatory"" conditions."
"We had dinner twice in this restaurant during our recent visit to Vancouver. The restaurant seems to be popular amongst locals as it was full both times we visited. However, the wait time was short and the host was very efficient.

Food is really good and portions are generous, meant to be shared. Service is great considering they were busy but still served our fairly big group of 8 within a decent amount of time.

My personal recommendation will be to get the Nasi Goring rice, Rendang beef curry and Roti Canai. Any combination of these three items were delicious. They have a lamb shank item on the menu which also should get an honourable mention."
Pretty good food and fast service. Everything I ordered was packed with flavor. The portions were kind of small especially for the price of some of the dishes. the dishes are meant to be shared, so if you are dining with a larger party of 8 for example, then it would be wise to order 2 of a couple dishes.
"I really had a one of a kind experience here! 

First of all, the interior design. It was very authentic, the colours of the walls, the art hung on the walls, the plants and the music - all combined into a perfect ethnic blend. The waitresses all wore traditional aprons, too. 

I strongly recommend that you do get rice. The dishes only come with meat/veggies, but you need rice for it to make sense. We ordered the appetizer sampler to share and it was great - although there were 3 people sharing a 2-people sampler, we made it work. I also recommend getting the fresh coconut drink that they bring in an actual coconut. It really helps to drink it when the food gets a little too spicy. The Malaysian bone-in chicken was great(very tender), and so was the kung pow one, the prawn dish was incredible also. I kept saying that it was like having a party in my mouth - so much flavour, it was almost shocking! The taste was almost edgy and I loved it. The fact that I don't usually succumb to spicy food might have contributed to that.

All in all, I had a great evening. When I decide to have Malaysian food again, I know it's gonna be this place that I'll come back to.

Also, we came about 1 hour before closing. They mentioned that we need to order asap, but at the same time we didn't feel rushed at all. The waiter came only when we were ready and when it was time to close, no one was urging us to finish sooner."
"I have not dined at Banana Leaf for years and I ended up here during a group dinner. We tried the 9 course menu for $30. The menu was a nice mix of Malaysian food. Although not the most authentic tasting, the food was good for what it was and for the price.  

My favourite was the roti canai and chicken skewers. I love the fluffy bread dipped in curry. I think the curry sauce could be more flavourful and aromatic. Chicken skewers and peanut sauce can never go wrong.

The service was really good. I am not sure if it was because gratuity was already built in. Our server was very good at refilling drinks, checking up on us regularly and clearing plates.

The ambiance is nice and inviting. There is plenty of seating and the restaurant can accommodate large groups."
The service was kind and attentive. I enjoyed the rendang and sambal green beans. The price was reasonable. I will be back.
"Some definite hits and misses in a sanitized Malaysian restaurant environment.

We were pleased that the Banana Leaf provided the opportunity to order off of their regular menu despite it being DOV. While perusing the menu we ordered a Dragon's Eyes Martini and a Blended Lychee Mojito, two of the specialty cocktails that our server recommended. Ugh, both were cloyingly sweet and we plead temporary insanity for even thinking that we would enjoy them. 

We started with their appetizer plate for 2 which was somewhat disappointing. It was comprised of a salad, calamari, chicken satays, roti canai and spring rolls. For the price, the portions we received were minuscule. I looked enviously upon neighboring tables which had ordered the individual appetizers for a fraction of the price and received far larger portions.

For mains we ordered The Sambal Chili Pawns, the Malaysian bone-in Curry Chicken and the Seafood Char Kuey Teow Noodles. All of the dishes were well balanced with regard to spice and flavour and were thoroughly enjoyed. One major misstep was the steamed rice that accompanied it, the rice was mushy! Seriously,a restaurant that prepares an Asian cuisine that can't cook rice?

Our server, other than having lousy taste in cocktails, was pleasant and attentive. This restaurant might be the ideal place to go with our less adventurous friends that we can't convince to go to some of the hole in the walls that we frequent."
"I've been to a couple Banana Leaf in different locations, and I finally decided to try out the one on Robson. Maybe it was the day I decided to go in but the service was HORRIBLE!

First off, the girl who sat us down did not give us menus. We waited but realized no one was going to approach us so I had to flag someone down. After we were ready to order, they decided to kick us out of our spot to accommodate a group of 5 people. We moved tables and once again, it took a little while before someone got our order. 

The food overall was alright, I ordered the hainanese chicken like I always do at every banana leaf. My chicken was a little bit on the dry side and the soup that comes with it was cold! 

I rate this a three star because I've only ever had one bad experience, but please work on your service!"
A bit overhyped in my opinon...while I enjoyed certain dishes here, I think items are slightly hit or miss. I loved the crispy calamari appetizer -- it was perfectly done, and given that it's almost impossible to order calamari that isn't overdone, this was all the more impressive. Also fond the chicken satay to be quite enjoyable. However, the spring roll was overly greasy and the roti prata was too sweet. Would give this place another try but there are also so many other good places to eat in the West End.
"The food was decent. The roti was good with the provided sauce/stew, but it was sweeter than what I am used to. I love the taste of a plain roti, so this really didn't impress me too much. 

However, my main dish was excellent!! I got the Laksa, which is a creamy coconut based soup dish. Its heavier than I expected- I was just barely able to finish it. No way I was letting that go to waste. 

I would stay away from the roti if you prefer more of a tamil influence, but definitely go for the Laksa. No disappointments will be had :)"
How much I miss the Laksa！！！I can't say the Laksa here is the best, but it's very decent. If it could be more spicy, that would be great. And the pineapple rice is one of the best I have ever had. We ordered a lot and nothing was bad. The first meal in Vancouver leaves me a great impression:D
Went with a fairly large group and everyone had the 9 course tasting menu. Everything was very good and I think that especially for eating in a group, it was a very good value for the money. The place was packed, but we received excellent service and although the dinner took about three hours, we lingered because the food and conversation were so good, not because of any delay by the wait staff. In this part of Vancouver, there are a lot of good options, but I recommend the Banana Leaf, especially if you have a large group who might want to do the tasting menu.
Happy hour has some decent food selections and the usual $3 alcohol beverages that every restaurant entertains.  Here though, their food selection was worth trying as we had the Nyonyas lettuce wrap and calamari for half off. That's a pretty good offer Banana leaf is usually known for their higher standard of malaysian cuisine and if you can catch a good valued night you should come here for a taste.
The place is nice but the food is just ok... it's not cheap exactly, I expect better food for these prices... we ordered the curry chicken and the curry was watery and the chicken had no taste at all.. the roti canai was way too chewy and dough-y..
Really enjoyed this restaurant.  Cozy, nice decor and great service.  I had the oyster roti with spicy yam soup.  So good.  Calamari also good !!!!!! Lunch specials are fresh deals!
"I've been to Banana Leaf's other locations around the city and this is just as good.  Located on Robson but further down towards the seawall or Denman.  We were looking at other neighboring restaurants but none of them looked good so we came here knowing it would be delicious and they totally didn't disappoint.  

Not much of a wait for a table and took our drink orders as we looked at the menu. Of course, we started off with the Roti Canai, perfect way to start the meal.  Delicious, crepe like, perfect for dipping in the curry sauce it comes with.  As for our mains, we ordered a noodle dish and a fish dish. Gosh, cant remember the names and the website isnt showing the regular menu for me to check. 

The noodles were tasty stir fried noodles with shrimp, squid, fish cake, and veg all in a light sauce.  Oh man, it was so good!   The fish dish was delicious as well, fish with okra all wrapped up and cooked in a banana leaf.  Perfectly cooked fish and a tasty curry/satay type of sauce.  Both our dishes was super flavorful and satisfying.

Food was great and a reliable place for me to get a good meal when coming into town.  Service was fine, no issues there.  Decor inside is nice, some outdoor seating to people watch etc.  I dont mind the pricing so it was fine with me, portion sizes are great, felt totally full and happy afterwards."
Everything here was amazing! Recommend the lunch special and blended lychee mojito! Great service, very fast
"Ate here last Saturday with my wife.

Ordered Seafood Char Kuey Teow, Curry Chicken Satay, Fish Fillet in Caramelized Sweet Ginger Garlic Sauce, Side of Rice, 1 Tiger Beer, and 1 sprite.

Came up to about $50 after tax. 

Although I'm not sure how authentic it was as the noodles seemed like a Chinese dish (but done better.) and the fish was basically garlic and scallions. It's a fine line though as Malaysia does have a big ethnic Chinese population.

On the side note, the food was great. Although the chicken satay which was marinated in curry did taste a bit bland.

It's a bit more then I'd like to pay, but the food is definitely  good enough to make me come back once in awhile to splurge without an order of satay.

I hope this location stays in business, I know the restaurant prior to this one was a Thai restaurant and they didn't do so well as it's a pretty big space and I'd imagine the rent is pretty high."
"I've been to this location a few times and haven't been disappointed yet. Overall their food is solid, decor is nice, and the staff friendly and helpful. 

On my last visit, I brought some out of town guests for lunch here. We decided to all try the Big Lunch Sampler from their prix fixe menu.  They served up the food on big plates to share the food. The nice thing is that they don't force you to pay $17 for each person in the party. You just tell them how many portions you like (minimum six portions). So if you have young kids who don't eat much you don't have pay for them. 

When the first few dishes started to come out I was a bit worried as the portions looked small. However, as more and more food came out my worries were alleviated. There was plenty of food to go around and more. Everyone enjoyed the sampler as there were a good variety of dishes to suit everyone's pallet. The fried bananas at the end was a great finish especially when washed down with a good cup of their special coffee (not part of the prix fixe menu)."
We did delivery order online as we were staying at a hotel with our dog. The order came promptly and our food was amazing! We could not find any order of white rice on the order screen so we assumed we would get some rice when we ordered rendang beef curry... Too bad it didn't and we should have written that on instruction at the time of ordering. Fortunately we ordered  roti canai, which was delicious. We were very happy with the food and would love to come back so we can try different dishes.
"New location of Banana Leaf and glad that something lesser quality didn't move into replace our fave spot in the area.

The lamb curry, papaya salad and roti canai were identical to the Broadway Banana Leaf location. Yummy. I was happy that it was what we expected.

They apparently have $5.95 lunch specials through November 2012."
This place is great to stop for lunch. The Abundance of Seafood was done really well and if you like curry and seafood you should think about ordering it. The exotic cocktails are also worth stopping by for. The mango Margarita our blended lychee mojito were both delicious.
"Laksa for just 7bucks for lunch?! Come on, you have to try it!

Honestly the best soup I have ever had, kinda spicey but coconut milk gives it nice smooth taste,

If you are planning to go, dont forget make your reservation or you will be waiting about 20 minutes for free seat ( even waiting is absolutely worth it)"
"I love this place!

I got Laksa, papaya salad and mango sticky rice.
Everything was very good.
Will go back again!"
"This new-ish location in the Banana Leaf chain is fairly standard, I'm actually basing this review off two seperate visits within the same week - I love me some roti canai :) 
So the first visit is the main reason for the 3 stars instead of four, the service was a bit touch and go and our server seemed to have disappeared about half way through our service leaving us scratching our heads as to who we would continue to order from, it was kinda weird and it agitated my date big time, also quite hard to get the bill but the food was fab as usual.
My second most recent visit was a better one, came with two girlfriends one of whom came toting a one and a half year old and the staff was great, they put us in an area as to not disturb the other guests and were quite attentive indeed although we got there right at 5pm and the place was not packed by any stretch. My wine was delish and the food was good (we shared the appetizer sampler and the curry chicken and a noodle dish which name escapes me)."
Good food, and good service!  Appetizer combo plate is a great way to start the meal.  Roti is super tasty.
"Food : 3/5
Decor : 3/5
Service : 3/5
Price : 2.5/5

Food was okay, curry worth a try. Service and decor was okay, price was a bit too expensive, and group of six need to pay 18% gratuity. 

Overall, it worth a try, but you can easily find a better Thai food in town."
"I've been to all three downtown Banana Leaf locations and always enjoyed it. Went here most recently on a Sunday just after lunch and the place was cool, well-ventilated and shady, and not very busy. Service was quick and friendly, too!

And as always, there were some pretty good deals. I had a $15 lunch platter with a lot of variety, and everything from the salad to the calamari rings to the kung pao chicken was flavourful and nicely prepared. I also had a cocktail called a Malaysian Jungle Bird that tasted pretty good, though cocktails are always on the expensive side, even here.

The dessert was a surprise - I've had their coconut pana cotta before and thought it was just okay, but this time it was really excellent. Maybe they've changed the recipe? Either way it was creamier and had more flavour, came topped with yummy fruit bits, and the syrup blended in nicely with the rest.

This Banana Leaf and the others are a great place to grab something casual and fun to eat, and this location might be the nicest both in terms of atmosphere and traffic. I always like going here!"
"3.5 stars for Banana Leaf.

My friends and I ordered the satay skewers (one each of beef, pork, chicken, and lamb), pineapple fried rice, mee goreng, and beef rendang curry. The skewers were okay but I only got a small sample of each so it's hard to judge them. The pineapple fried rice was simple but tasty, nothing to complain about there. I think my favourite dish was the mee goreng. It was spicier than I thought it would be.

We had good service, and after splitting the bill, it came out to be just over $15 each and we were all stuffed, so it's good value for what you get. I would return to try more items on the menu."
Had lunch here with family. Ordered Singapore laksa, Char Kuay Teow and Hainanese Chicken Rice. They all were good and did not disappoint. As Malaysians, we were brought back to tastes and aroma we enjoyed back home. Great decor and ambience. Friendly servers and ample sitting areas.
"Ate at Banana Leaf and could not have been happier with my food.

I did the 8 course meal and was both full and ridiculously happy. Had a lot of fun ranking the food that I ate in the meals. That tells you something. 

Definitely try the 7-9 course meals!"
Really enjoyed lunch here! Filling and very tasty. Didn't need another meal all day. Love the spices in the food - intriguing and different.
A great discovery!  Tasty, the kids loves it, and prices were reasonable.  Won't hesitate to come back in the future!
We  walked around the West End area for a good place to eat.  The menu displayed outside showed they offered Singapore Chili Crab, that sold it for us!  We can't seem to get this in Houston where we are from.  Since it was just my husband and I, we just got this, Roti Canai, and green beans dish cooked with some shrimps.  Everything was just delicious!  The Dungeness crab ( live, not frozen) with globs of chili sauce was so yummy and the green beans were so good and flavorful.  This place excels...
"We had a very enjoyable dinner here on a Friday night, although we showed up at 7:30pm on a Friday night with no prior reservation, they were able to fit us in a nice table upstairs. There was a bit of a crowd as the night went on by the time we left at ~9pm. 

Food is pretty good, flavourful and a bit heavy as expected for Malaysian/Singaporean food. We ordered:

- appetizer sampler $18 (fruit and veggie salad (heavy sauce), 2 fried eggrolls, 2 fried squid rings, 2 chicken satay skewers, 3 pieces of Roti bread... best part is the 3 part sauce: peanut, satay soy, and the one for the Roti.. ?)
- Assam curry with seafood (a little bit of scallops, prawn, eggplant, bell pepper, some other veggies)
- Nasi goreng (seafood fried rice)
- Singapore Laksa (coconut based rice noodle dish)
- lamb shank -- the meat is so tender it's falling off the bone, I think they made this as it's ordered so it took a while to come out of the kitchen and was the last dish served. 

Overall, the deal was delicious, again, generous portions for our party of 4, and the bill came out to a reasonable ~$100 total (tax + tip included), as I would expect for a nice sit down restaurant on Robson street. 

Next time, I will try the ""Banana Leaf"" branch on Davie street, that one is definitely smaller in scale and not as fancy in deco though."
"Came after a long hike to have a few beers and some food. Service was a little slow and it took about 15m to get 5 of us seated at 3pm, even though the place wasnt very busy. We ordered Lamb Satay and steamed mussels to start. The satay was really good, although it was a bit oily. The sauce for the mussels was incredible, blending cumin, coconut and garlic together to make a sweet and savoury delight. Our Mee Goreng was delicious, with a perfect balance of spice, not too oily.

We went for happy hour so food and drinks were not too expensive. The beer menu is a bit limited, but overall it was pretty good value. After 830pm they have a ""buy 1 take 1 home"" special that i recommend you take advantage of."
This place has great food.  My favorite dishes here are the Hainan chicken and the roti. This time,  the chicken tasted a little bit different from what I remembered...but still tasty.
"This place was just okay. It was obvious that they were really trying, but just not quite making the cut on the Asian style foods they  were attempting. My husband, having lived at times in many of the countries represented by Banana Leaf's foods, was severely disappointed.
For being mediocre, this place is also pricy.
All being said, the waitresses were very sweet, and at least the chefs are trying."
"I liked Banana Leaf a lot and am only giving them four stars because I wish they had more vegetarian options so I could enjoy more! My husband says ""five stars from the meat-eater's perspective"".

As it was, the Tofu Goreng and the Green Asian Salad were excellent. The portions were big and I had plenty for that meal and some to take away. My husband had the Gulai Seafood and Roti Canai and loved them both.

The service was great - prompt, professional and attentive."
Excellent Malaysian food... The appetizer sampler was delicious, the pacific halibut in Assam curry was really good and the pineapple fried rice was simple but delicious! Highly recommended!
"Here is another lunch review. 

They are still having lunch specials for $6.95 now (notice the $1.00 increase from last time), and the items are still pretty much the same. A laksa and a rice dish. 

I will refrain from saying too much about the food as my feedback has not changed since my last visit. I asked for extra broth again as I can never have enough. What I would really like to comment on this time is the disappointing service I received today. 

Generally, I do not care for much service. I expect you to know your menu, answer my questions, take my order and bring me my food. Wait... Is it too much to ask that a waiter/waitress knows the cuisine? 

Here's my story: 
When I ordered the Singapore Laksa lunch special, I said I'd like to change the rice noodle to the yellow noodle. She looks at me blankly. So, I said it again. This time I referred to it as mee, which is the proper term for it. She continues to stare blankly. My last attempt was to call it egg noodle. She started to frown as though I had been a hand full just then. She snorts: ""...so, just the egg noodle?""

Then, we got into the extra broth confusion. I said: ""and with extra broth, please."" She gives me the SAME BLANK STARE and so my husband chimes in explaining that the broth gets soaked up by the noodle, yadaa yadaa, and may we please just get a little more broth with the noodles. ""OK"", she snorted again. 

**Slight addition to this review: my bowl of laksa came with the chopsticks stabbed in it. Aside from it being a disaster-spill waiting to happen, that is also how you serve food to dead people in some cultures. Thanks, waiter/waitress.

We Malaysians pride ourselves for the most friendly and efficient service. Our cooks back home are always versatile and will make any food you order to your liking, even if it means changing almost everything about it. Of course we do not expect this sort of treatment here, but we can at least uphold the quality of service. Please, teach your waiters and waitresses a lot more about our cuisine. Otherwise, you cannot pass yourselves off as an ""authentic"" Malaysian restaurant. 

It is one thing to be an unfriendly waiter/waitress. It is entirely another to be an obnoxious and arrogant one. You are not fooling anyone."
"Wow. Just wow. Rating is on food alone.

J and I rented bikes and biked around Stanley Park and the city of Vancouver for about 2 and a half hours. We were STARVING by the time we finished biking. And the closest and most delicious sounding place to get some grub? Banana Leaf. ohhhh mmmmyyyy goooodnesss. 

Roti Canai. Sambal Green Beans with beef added. Ipoh Char Hor Fun. 2 orders of Jasmine Rice. Done. Killed it. Freaking delicious. 

GET THESE DISHES. 

If only this place existed in Seattle...I'd go so many times and try other dishes."
"First time dining at a Banana Leaf, and first time trying Malaysian food. I had the Char Kuey Teow, which I found to be very similar to the Thai dish Pad See-Ew. I love the latter, so I quite liked the former as well. My father had the Pineapple Seafood Fried Rice, which was both mild and complex in flavor. I think we both would have liked a little more oomph from the rice, but we agreed that it was very tasty anyway.

My dish was a good portion for the price ($15). My father's rice was, in my opinion, just a little expensive for what it was ($17). HOWEVER, we ordered from the Buy One Take One Home menu, which meant that we each got to take home another entire serving of both our meals. Which made our food extremely inexpensive for what we got. TWO full meals each, for $15 and $17 respectively? Wow!

(Note: Our Pineapple Seafood Rice didn't come with a big chunk of pineapple, the way it seems to when you order it off the regular menu - which is a shame, since I think that bit of extra presentation makes a HUGE difference in how the dish is perceived.) 

Overall, I wouldn't say I was utterly blown away by the food here, but I definitely enjoyed it. Their BOGO dinner deal is pretty fabulous value for your money, and I'd definitely like to go back and try more items from the menu.

I just wish their upstairs area was open more of the time. I'd really like to eat up there, but it always seems to be closed off whenever I go by."
Good Malaysian food here. The kids really enjoyed the Roti and chicken satay skewers and gobbled them up immediately. Yellow curry and vegetable dish (with okra and eggplant) were especially tasty. Good, friendly service as well.
Came here with my girlfriend around 7pm, not crowded just like ordinary weekday dinner time.  Servers were neither kind nor awful, so My impression was ok not too impressive.  But foods were nicely presented.  We had meego raeng noodle and larksa noodle. All fresh and it gets very addictive. We really enjoyed the food and dishes were tasteful.  I would like to visit again !
"Not that I would come running back here any soon, but seriously, their lunch specials at $6.95, the service, decor, relaxed atmosphere, will make me think to come here just a tad often more.

First time here, usually go to the Denman or Broadway one.  A bit smaller, but there is a 2nd floor.

Lunch special is their seafood laksa, a bit spicy w/ loads of shrimp, squid & tons of noodles.  It's enough for 2 meals if eaten 'appropriately'.

Also the mee goreng is recommended, a bit of a ketchupy flavour but again good bang for your buck & it's yummy. shrimp, tofu, but one gripe is only about 5 pcs of beef, not much.

Their special salad of papaya/pineapple, w/ a few yellow/red peppers, some peanuts, fried shallots.

Date worthy."
"Nice atmosphere, spacious. We were group of 8 and had no problem reserving table on sunday night. When in doubt, try char hor fun and appetizer sampler. 

Roti wasn't that impressive though, compare to other Malaysian restaurants."
"we came across banana leaf when feeling undecided about what we wanted to eat. we were greeted by Morgan (pretty sure that was her) name and promptly seated.

seeing an extensively delicious looking menu we decided to go for the 30pp tasting menu. So glad we did every dish was amazing. the roti cinai and all the seafood dishes were the highlights. 

highly recommend this restaurant"
"Tasty and fast lunch service! Great for a work week lunch stop.

A few of my co-workers and I came here for a lunch out. We were a big group and they were able to seat us with no problem. Service was really fast, and they answered all of our questions about the menu. They have lots of lunch specials and have really fast service once you order.

Food:

Veggie springrolls: Four to an order, came out piping hot with a zippy sauce. They were a bit greasy though, but I really liked the sauce.

I forget the name, but bread roll like flaky naan: Yumm, I go crazy for carbs and this was no exception. The sauce here was good as well, and the bread was really hot and fresh when we got it.

I ordered the Laksa soup. This was the first time I've had it, so I don't have anything to compare it to, but it was really yummy. I ordered it extra hot, and it was medium-ish. I really wish restaurants in Vancouver would make things spicy. 

I recommend the Lemongrass-Ginger tea. That was really good and they give you a little pot of it."
We usually eat a lot of Japanese food but decided to try something different since we were in town. We don't eat a lot of Malaysian food so went to Banana Leaf. It was decent here. Clean dining area and good customer service. We ordered the seven course meal for two and we were surprised by how much food we received. The food was very good and had a lot of flavor. We were satisfied with our meal.
"We love the Banana Leaf, typically would go to the Denman Street location which is quaint and intimate.  This location on Robson is large, open and a different feel than their other locations.  Although the locations are very different, their food is consistently great and we're fans. 

I didn't like the fact that when I went to pay a specific credit card, they asked me if I carried another credit card and made up some excuse that wasn't valid why they preferred one over the other.  I only carry one card and when I told her that she quickly changed her tone and openly accepted my card.  If I didn't experience that issue with the credit card preference I would have awarded this venue 4 stars."
The pineapple seafood fried rice is EVERYTHING!! So delish. I topped that off with a Thornhaven Gewurztraminer (local to BC), which was a nice touch. Service was fast and great location!
Great service from Jeffrey! The Malaysian Laksa is excellent as well as the roti canai. I will have to come back for their cocktails. But as an afternoon break, fresh coconut juice is perfect to get you through the last five hours of your day.
"not bad for downtown malaysian food.
roti canai, skip that. you can get these @the grocery isle, I was expecting a hand made one.
noodle dish were pretty good. we might come back to try different dish."
"It's a shame that I can't like this place more. I caved -- FINALLY! -- and popped in for lunch. Since they were having a customer appreciation special, I decided to go with that. Lunch for $5.95! 

The Laksa for lunch special, although stated as ""Singaporean"", shares the same curry with the Malaysian Laksa on their menu (I'm almost certain). The main difference: noodle. Singapore Laksa - rice noodle; Malaysian Laksa: egg noodle.

I ordered the Singapore Laksa on lunch special, changed the noodle and practically made it a Malaysian Laksa, for the price of the lunch special. The curry came a little short in quantity. Please, you can't serve a true blooded Malaysian a half bowl of curry and call it a meal. Naturally, I asked for more curry. Oh boy, did I get more curry! They brought me a big bowl of curry, and probably went snickering back into the kitchen. Snicker no more, I finished it. The verdict: NOT BAD AT ALL! I expected worse! It was nicely spiced, coconut creamed, and just generally quite flavorful. It gives me hope for a 4-star review next time around! 

The service was OK. I don't need much of that around here. The girls were very friendly. 

The prices are steep. But my trick around that is to be smart when you order! Only order what is worth the price. I know it's easier said than done, but try!

Let's do this again, Banana Leaf!"
"This place was pretty good.  We tried a few different items from their menu and everything was flavored pretty well.  I've been to many Malaysian restaurants and I can't say this was the best...the flavors just weren't as strong as I've had in other spots.  

I will say that they do have fun and creative cocktails and the service was excellent and friendly."
"Banana Lead Robson Street!  Love the 
Nonya's Lettuce Wrap. chicken,  Sauteed with nyonya spices, jicama roots, shitake mushrooms, chives, carrots, and cabbage in a wonton crispy fried cup.  Served with fresh green lettuce."
"Mmmmm. I loved Banana Leaf when it was on Denman (and that's still my favorite location, though I haven't been in ages), and then it opened up this location...right across the street from my apartment. 
I'm doomed to spend all my money on Assam Curry Tofu and on Singapore Laksa (which PS: is on special for 6.95 Mon-Thurs until 3pm, whaaaat). I get a young coconut for dessert, which freshens my curry breath before I step outside, and ensures that my food-baby belly is hydrated. 
I'm vegetarian, and there are some good options on the menu; ask your server though... things like the Sambal Green Beans are a silly thing to get vegetarian because the sambal is what makes it special, and that's got shrimp paste in it, so they'll just make it with soy sauce and garlic, which you could do at home. Get something you CAN'T make, like the veggie lettuce wrap (whose default is pretty spicy, heads up!)

Staff are friendly and make a point of remembering regulars :) Some days, I have to make sure I walk on the other side of the street so I don't find myself going in for dinner just to say hi."
A Singapore/Malay oasis in the North America. It's a large establishment with penty of seating outside and inside. Caters well to large groups and allows for reservation. It was pretty packed on the weekend evening that we had walked in but we were able to secure a place soon enough. We had chicken curry, banana leaf fish and of course, roti canai. The food was on the spicier side but very authentic and delicious! High recommended and totally worth the trip to Vancouver for us Seattleites.
"This is a classic need a half star situation. I would give them a 2.5, just verging onto a 3 star. FYI I would give the Broadway location a 4 star.

This will be my third time eating at this location since they opened and they are yet to live up to their Banana Leaf name in service and food. 

I am confused on the service, I feel like zombies have taken over the staff here, they move exceptionally slow in a dazed fog. On none of my trips have there been more than 1 or 2 other tables but trying to get seated seemed so surprising to the staff. Months later they still seem startled when someone walks in. One time we stood there for 5 minutes while the waitress sat on the ground and wrote out the specials of the day on the blackboard. 

Food is good albeit not consistent. The roti canai seemed a very small portion compared to the Broadway location and the curry sauce runny. The lettuce wrap filling was yummy but the lettuce leaves though big and fresh were drippy with water, we had to dry them on our napkins! My Char Kuey Teow was just how I liked, perfect blend of flavour,  but I ordered Chinese sausage with it and they forgot completely. Satay is always good, a staple on my order roster. I also normally order the chicken curry and sambal green beans which are superb.

Honestly, I can't remember much about the location, being summer I have eaten on the patio twice and just inside the door the last time. I remember high ceilings, traditional decor and a little more fancy than the other locations. 

Prices are fair, they have gone up over the years and it's not a cheap Asian meal. You are looking at least $50 for 2 people with appetizers and main, no alcohol. Lunch specials are approximately $15-18 and a broad selection to choose from.

Ah- the kalamansi soda is fabulous. I used to have this daily when I was in the Philippines. Kalamansis are like sweeter limes.

#30daysofyelp
5/30"
Really tasty food, all around the table. I especially liked their chicken curry. My husband loved the pork ribs. Excellent service too.
"It has a very nice decoration and atmosphere. Fast service and nice staff. I find the food on all locations alright. Nothing too great but also not bad either. Good spot if you wanna have some drinks with friends over dinner.

We had the eggplant fries to star and they were delicious (it costs $5 during happy hour!). Beware of some fried rice dishes that can be very spicy although the waiter will tell you it's just a little spicy."
Please note that we did not eat here.  Our daughter had previously eaten their chili crab and highly recommended it, so we walked to the downtown restaurant from the four seasons.  Big mistake on MY part.  Should have called first.  They do NOT the chili crab at the downtown restaurant.  The other one near Stanley Park, serves it but need 24 hr advance ordering.  So lesson learned, call first.
"My vision of a perfect restaurant involves great food (duhh), cool atmosphere and a great drink list. The food here is awesome,  they have some of the best drink lists and the atmosphere though not great, is definitely  a little more upscale than the other Banana Leaf locations I've been to.
The cocktails are delicious and a total bargain,.$10 and they're all doubles! My mango margarita wasn't the best but the Singapore sling my wife ordered was on point. We both got noodle dishes (cant remember the names but they were incredibly tasty). We also ordered an appetizer tray, the roti and satays were fantastic but the salad and calamari were mediocre and at $18 for a very small plate it was the lone RIP off of the menu.  I'm taking a star off an otherwise amazing experience because our server wasn't very good,  he wasn't helpful when I asked for menu suggestions,  brought our appetizers tem minutes after our main course and never once came around to offer another round of drinks (sorry Singapore Sling, I'll drink you next time). One last glaring negative,  they don't take Amex!!! The food is so good I'll definitely be back but for a 5 restaurant chain to not take Amex is ridiculous.  I live on the Sunshine Coast and even the little vendors at the farmers market take it!"
"We have trade show every April in Vancouver. Banana Leaf is one of our favorite places to visit. You have to make sure you have reservation. Variety of exotic items on the menu. Fried rice served in half of pineapple is very tasty as it is visually appealing. Variety of sea food and vegetable only dishes. Last time I tried braised lamb shank, and it was really good. 
We had to wait for our table more than 20 minutes even though we had reservation. 
So many good restaurants in Vancouver to visit, but next April we will dine at Banana Leaf again."
EXCELLENT FOOD. I loved it. Great service as well! Awesome, fully recommend! Mee Goreng was great!
Wow! Walked in off the street and discovered this jewel. I had the English Bay Sunset box and everything on it was wonderful!  The calamari was light and crispy, the Roti Canai delicious, the chicken satay very tasty.  I would definitely have this again.
First time here and we experienced excellent service and delicious food! We are only in town 2 days, but we'd like to return tomorrow. Scallops and coconut rice were so satisfying, as well as the drinks and the calamari and salad. Can't wait to try more, or maybe we will have to get the scallops again
"Bottom Line:  Mediocre service contrasted by bold, uneven dishes.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is one of the last meals I ate with my brother in law, known as 'Gerald ""Lutz911"" L.' on yelp.  He passed away last night in a motorcycle accident.  He really enjoyed yelping, so I decided to write this review...

Gerald and I often coordinated our family visits by consulting yelp for where to take the family to dinner.  We were in Vancouver BC to bring my daughter to college -a big extended family affair - and after striking out at our top yelp picks Kingyo, Guu and Ramen Santouka  for our party of 8 (so many Vancouver restaurants are soooo small!) - we landed at another yelp pick, Banana Leaf.

It should be noted that this Banana Leaf is the lowest scoring of all the branches in the chain.  This is important, because the food here was good, but uneven...service lame.  I would surmise you probably wouldn't have these issues at other Banana Leaf restaurants and get a 4 or 5 star experience instead.

The average price for even vegetable dishes was a little high in my opinion - about $14.  Things like the eggplant in oyster sauce with basil were so delicious as to be worth it; a complex dish that had me dissecting each bite so I could imitate it at home, it had basil, fresh ginger playing against dried shrimp and soy sauce...and I suspect some XO sauce.  Very satisfying.

Unfortunately, the lamb curry - an iconic dish in Malaysian cuisine - lacked punch.  It had barely any curry sauce, no spice to it (a hallmark of this dish), and I suspect I know why sauce was lacking:  the lamb had been braised to the point of burning.  You know that taste you get when some meat burns and that smoke permeates the dish?  Yeah...that taste.  Not worth $18 by any stretch.

Gerald loved the Mee Goreng and the Mussels in Cumin and Ginger sauce that he chose.  He was always good at picking out strengths on a menu.  The mussels in particular would well worth the $8, quite a deal for about 8 to 10 plump, perfectly cooked mussels in a creamy, pungent sauce worthy of spooning on rice.

The service was lacking.  Inattentive on refilling water, not pulling dirty plates.  They were obviously in a hurry to get off work (we came near closing)...but, honestly, I can't think about it now....because I won't eat with Gerald again and now it seems so small..."
"We had a supper for four, on saturday evening, outside in the patio. 
The waitress was very friendly and effective. For an ultimative experience they should exchange the polluted and damaged disgusting tablecloth.
All the meals were served together and hot. My curry was of rich flavor and my sons meal were the best prawns ever, he told me. All the meals were of  original taste and recommendable. This day we had the bettler  choice sitting in the patio, behause airconditioning was temporarilly out order."
"Finding ourselves in the West End, which is a rare occasion, we had intended on visiting a particular restaurant on Robson Street but, after seeing the long lineup queuing outside, we headed over to nearby Banana Leaf instead.

Banana Leaf is a popular Malaysian eatery with a number of outlets around town. We started out our Sunday morning feast with a Virgin Lychee Mojito ($5) and Curry Spiced Oysters ($12). I've had this slushy drink before in the past but felt like the one served here was a bit lacking in flavour. The deep-fried oysters, however, were on point with a delicately light coating.

One of the things that Banana Leaf is known for is their set meals which lets you try a bunch of different items. When we saw the picture of their Malaysian Brunch ($17), we knew we were going to order it. Served in a cast iron pan, you get everything you need for a perfect meal... tender rendang beef, roti canai with a curry dipping sauce, eggplant fries, krupuk (deep-fried crackers/chips), sayur lemak (vegetable curry), and turmeric rice topped with a fried egg.

We also wound up ordering the Chicken Satay ($8) with a well-balanced peanut-based dipping sauce.

Overall, I'm actually quite pleased that we wound up here instead of our originally planned destination."
Not quite familiar with Malaysian food, so I decided to try them out. We ordered the calamari, fried oysters (4 pcs per order), mussels in cumin coconut sauce, fried chicken wings, mee goreng, and sides of white rice. My favorite dish of the night were the mussels. They were perfectly cooked and its cumin coconut sauce is so delicious you can put it over anything. My least favorite dish however was the mee goreng noodles because it was slightly overcooked which made it gummy. Had it been perfect I would have assigned it 4 stars. The service was attentive and the ambiance was modern ethnic which makes it fun. They have a beautiful bar and offer some lovely cocktails. Hopefully, they continue to improve so and I will be back.
Food absolutely awesome, very friendly staff. Perfect seasoning, very appealimg presentation. We'll be back for more!
This was a fun find when exploring the city area near Stanley Park. We were seated quickly and the waitstaff was very attentive. I ordered the Singapore Laska since I had never had anything like it before - I enjoyed it! Definitely something different for my palate and I love trying new things. The rest of my party all loved their food. It certainly hit the spot after a long day of travel and exploration. Thanks for giving us a taste of the diverse foodscape of Vancouver, Banana Leaf!
The service is excellent here! I tried the Nasi Goreng and my husband tried the lamb curry. Both dishes were delicious. I'm looking forward to trying their other dishes.
Love this place so much. The servers are always so nice, and we keep coming back! Thanks to Jeff and James for always being so nice...
Had char koay teow and chicken curry. Honestly tasted more like chow fun and the curry was rather sweet. Not true to Malaysian cuisine, rather closer to Chinese food than anything else. Tasted okay at least.
"All foods are delicious. We ordered a menu course Taste of Malaysia $20/person. It's super good and a lot of variety. The appetizer was awesome. I likes rendang and fish. Desert was also included. 

The waiters are nice and polite. The restaurant interior design and decoration show Malaysian style, South East Asian culture. 

We were really happy had lunch there. We will be back again someday.

Thanks a lot Banana Leaf (Robson) for giving us a wonderful experience ."
I love the food! I miss eating Malaysian cuisine and this restaurant met my expectations!!! As authentic as it could be. Service was fast, food is priced reasonably but could be more affordable. Overall, we enjoyed our visit and would love to visit again soon.
"We've been coming to Banana Leaf for years but haven't tried this location. Happy to report that their consistency in quality and recipes taste the same regardless of where you go.

We started off with roti canai... Can never go wrong with that. Freshly pan fried, flaky and slightly sweet. Always so good! We then ordering their nasi goreng. Very tasty and just the way you want it. We also their mee goreng. Both were off their lunch special menu and it was a great choice for us to have.

Glad they followed Covid safety protocols and felt safe in their restaurant. Will certainly come back again."
This has been one of my favorite spots in town. This location is fairly big and has some outdoor seating available in nice weather. The kung pao chicken, meat skewers and roti are among my favorite items to have here.
"I love this Banana Leaf! 
Amazing service, amazing food as they have a 7-11 course meal which is absolutely delicious. I love everyone single one of their desserts from fried banana ice cream to their mango sticky rice. Their food is authentic and totally worth every single dollar!!!!! I love you Banana Leaf!!!"
"If you have never had the pleasure, a must visit for lunch or dinner. Super friendly team, very tasty food. The perfect blend of spices and flavor without the crazy heat.

I think Malaysian food is the perfect gateway to Asian foods, and these guys do it right.

The peanut sauce for the chicken satay is sooo good. The roti canai (a form of nan like bread) so amazing hot out of the kitchen, then add a tasty sauce to dip.

And tonight I had the lamb. Mouthwatering. Fall off the bone tender, with an amazing stew. Braised lamb shank, so nice.

When you go in ask for Jeff or James, they love people, and will fast make you feel at home."
Fantastic fast service if not to fast. This food is an adventure for your tongue....just how we like it. We had the 11 course meal and a bucket of tiger beer...arrive hangry and you will leave happy.
This is a great place to pick up dinner. Family owned and they have a very happy additive to the atmosphere.
Live down the street and have driven past too many times to count.  Decided today to try out a luncheon special, after listening to a man at a local hardware store talk about how great their lunches were.  Found out he was 100% right, ordered the Szechuan beef, cane with fried rice, egg roll and can of soda for, $5.95.  Took it home to eat, and everything was excellent. I have been trained in Chinese cooking, and this was as close to my own dish as any takeout I have had. My son got the full chicken curry with rice, and it was a full tasty meal also. The place was very clean and clean, a few tables to eat from, and the lady behind the counter was very courteous.
Probably the best takeout chinese I have ever had.  Everything is super fresh and amazing flavor profiles.  I spent 60 and brought home my own buffet and everything was amazing.  This is definitely a go-to spot now.
"Their lunch specials are a steal.  I've had the Mongolian beef and twice cooked pork specials... Both served with pork fried rice and an egg roll; for less than 8 bucks. You get plenty of food and it's all cooked very fresh, so be prepared to wait a couple minutes, as it is not ""fast food"" by any means.... Order ahead to save time.  I've also has their house special fried rice... Which happens to pair very nicely with the beer from across the brewery across the street.  Overall an excellent take our spot that is clean, friendly, and very affordable without sacrificing quality."
Food was Eggcellent ! I love when fried rice has ample amounts of Egg ! Fried Rice that came with my General Tso 's was delicious and non greasy . Chicken was tender and the Egg Drop soup was delicious . This was our first time and we will def be back. I was already happy by the 1st bite of my Egg Roll ( which by the way was also non greasy ). The phone was ringing, the place was full , and even the peeps from Waco Taco were eating there ! Glad to see they are doing well , Love all the New Indie Shops in Longwood .
Great find.  The house fried rice is excellent.   By far the best in orlando.  The place is clean and the owners are very friendly.   The location of the restaurant will hurt it but it's worth the drive for the best Chinese food in orlando hands down.
Love, love, love this place! The food is very fresh! The owners are always super friendly and have your order ready on time! I highly recommend the sesame chicken, it's the best takeout I've had!
Stopped into this place after seeing many stellar reviews.  I was glad I did.  The food is excellent, made fresh (not sitting in pans) and the staff was extremely friendly.  The only caveat is that while this place does have a handful of tables, it's more or less a take-out counter.  The lady that helped us was very clear that everything is made from scratch, so there would be at least a 15-20 minute wait for our order.  She encouraged us to call ahead next time.
"In the past 6 months we have been searching for a good Chinese place. After seeing all the positive Yelp reviews, we decided to give China Moon a chance. First thing we noticed was how clean the place is, and how friendly the staff is. Had a great convo with the guy behind the counter. Our food was done pretty quick and the order was correct. When we got it home, we found that the krab ragoons were sooo good. Best ones we found in Florida thus far. Tasted like it had some fresh onion in it, that made it even better.
We also got the general tso chicken , chicken & broccoli, and egg rolls. All of which are delicious. 
This has officially become our favorite local Chinese place."
By far the best Chinese food I've had in the Orlando area. Already ordered take out twice & both times amazing. Very clean& the owner is super sweet & nice
Very good Chinese food . The place was very clean unlike few other Chinese places that I have visited in Orlando.
The food is fresh and cooked to order. They made to order fried rice with chicken pork and beef (seafood allergy keeps from getting shrimp) With  the Mongolian beef, General Tso Chicken and egg rolls. Delish! Bothersome that they don't deliver but they are worth taking the drive to get fresh, hot food made how we want it.
"All I can say  is ""thank you Jesus."" Are you kidding me? Is it possible that someone within 100 miles of Orlando actually makes pork fried rice that isn't yellow and loaded up with carrots.  Is it really true that someone within a 100 miles of Orlando makes pork fried rice where you can actually see pieces of pork?  Is it really true that someone within 100 miles actually makes roast pork fried rice that is moist and not greasy? Hallelujah, my 11 year wait is over.  I am euphoric and have been here 4 times since I discovered this place while sipping quality suds at Hourglass Brewery. In fact I walk across the street and eat it over at Hourglass.  The dumplings, all though not packed with meat and slightly blandm are solid and rank high for the area.  The beef is beef.  I repeat, the beef tastes like beef.  Their five flavors sauce is wonderful, off the charts good. They are also are one of the few that know how to make fresh quality chow fun;  it has wonderful flavor.  The vegetables are always fresh if that is your thing.  Keep in mind I am a tough customer so my 4 star rating means go get you some. So why not five stars?  1)  The wonton soup does not have any pork or greens.  Up north and in Chinatowns in NY, Boston and SF you would never see wanton soup served like this, but Central Floridians sadly only get baroness.  Dumping a wanton into plain broth is not wanton soup.  2)  The Jumbo shrimp are not Jumbo. 3) The roast pork fried rice while giving you more than anyone else in the area still has a too high of peas to pork ratio; a little more pork is warranted.I have no problem paying a little more for more pork.  4) no fried noodles and duck sauce given with takeout order.  I will have to see if they have them.  5)  no minced pork in the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce.  Without minced pork, it is simply not Shrimp With Lobster Sauce. The owners are a super nice couple and the place is clean and doesn't have that old over smoked bad oil smell you get when you walk into a bad Chinese restaurant.  The prices are more than reasonable and they offer the smaller size on most dishes.  I implore you to eat here.  This is a welcome and long awaited addition to the area."
"UPDate***
Skip the fried rice. Mine was old and mushy. Bleh. Lo mein kinda greasy. 

I recommend you get white rice always instead of the fried rice.


Chinese takeout. 3 small tables inside so be aware of that. This my first time here and got curry chicken for lunch. It is delicious. A lot of onions so if that isn't your thing be sure to ask for new none or less. Unlike most Chinese fast food, you will be so happy to see that it is clean inside and so is the bathroom. Also the people are very very friendly. I wish I would have known about this place for years since I drive by and work close but never would have stopped based on what it looks like outside. Don't let that fool you, the plaza is finishing up renovations so I hope this helps their business. I will be back to try all of the other dishes!"
"I finally got to pass by and pick up dinner the other night from here. Walking in the location was clean and near. Looking at the selection I chose the Five Flavor Shrimp ($9.75) and an additional egg roll ($1.50) - there's more to this story. When I placed the order I thought I'd told them that it was a dinner combo special... I needed to tell them after it was started. They were so wonderful in changing out my order and I was able to savor the soup, egg roll and fried rice the dinner comes with. 
I will definitely be trying out more foods from here."
Love this place. Husband and wife operated and the cleanest restaurant you will find in town. I order from here every other week if not every week!
Authentic American Chinese food. This place is so clean and the owners are unbelievably nice. I hope that this place stays opened because it's a real gem. The food isn't greasy, it's fresh and you can tell that the husband/wife owners put their heart into this place.  Crab ragoons are yummy.
The food was typical of a counter service chinese restaurant, but the service was amazing!  The owners are a husband and wife team and they really take time to talk to their customers and give a personalized service.  It feels good to support this type of business!
I have refused to eat Chinese food since I returned from a vacation in Beijing and Shanghai several years ago. My husband, knowing my stance on this cuisine, used my love of hot & sour soup to lure me back in, bringing home a steaming hot bowl and egg roll for lunch since I couldn't step away from my work. All I can say is: BEST DANG HOT & SOUR SOUP I'VE EVER HAD! It's so rich and spicy (per our request), with heaps of shrooms and tofu and other yummy veggies. I think this may have convinced me to give Chinese food another try...BUT ONLY AT CHINA MOON!
"I will never order from another Chinese restaurant ever again! They don't deliver, which is sort of a bummer but the Yelp reviews were so good I decided it might be worth the drive. And oh my gosh it so was. We got the sesame chicken dinner combo with wonton soup, a small beef and broccoli, and the crab rangoons. Everything was so delicious. We were able to feed myself, my husband, our daughter, and my father for about twenty bucks--  an incredible deal. The beef was really tender and the veggies were perfectly cooked. The egg rolls and rangoons weren't greasy at all, even though they were fried. I don't think I've ever eaten a more delicious egg roll in my whole life. The wonton soup and the accompanying fried wonton noodle things (I don't know what they're called) were perfect. Seriously, perfect. The places we usually order from over cook their fried noodles- or give us stale ones- but these were light and airy and delicious. The wonton was delicious and had a generous amount of pork inside. I usually just drink the broth from the wonton soup and skip the wonton itself because it's always gross. But I wish I could've eaten a gallon of this!

The restaurant itself was really small but meticulously clean and the owners were so sweet and helpful and seemed actually excited to see me. I never get that from restaurants anymore. I will forever be a China Moon customer!"
I absolutely love the food here.  It doesn't have that cheap feel like most of the other chinese carry out spots around here.  The ones where you get the bright yellow rice instead of real fried rice.  The owners are the nicest people.  They always remember me and are in great spirits even after working there all day.  Try the sa char beef.  I highly recommend it.
Tonight I ordered the sesame chicken w steamed rice and the sweet and sour chicken. Hands down the best sesame chicken I've ever had. It was so fresh and flavorful. My son loved the sweet and sour chicken. The customer service here is also very good. They always have a smile and warm welcome. I will be visiting this place more often. It is also very, very clean. It's more of a take out place than dine in but worth it.
I'm a huge Asian foodie and let me tell you ... THIS IS THE BEST CHINESE FOOD IVE EVER HAD !!!  The food is super fresh!!! I'm so happy I found this please. The owners are very friendly and the place is extremely clean! I recommend anyone to try this place ;)
I have never seen such a clean Chinese food take out spot. Maybe I'm just use to the NY Chinese food always being questionable, don't get me wrong it's delicious but you are always wondering if it's really chicken they are serving you. This place was so clean and the food was so fresh it blew my mind! Everything we had was delicious and the owner was so sweet. It's definitely where I will be getting my Chinese food from.
Excellent Chinese food and great dinner specials! It may be a tiny restaurant but the couple who cook the food and all in the restaurant have big hearts and cook excellent food.  The wonton and egg drop soups were wonderful, The eggrolls hot and crispy, and both the Mongolian beef and the general Tso's chicken were excellent. We will be back again and highly recommend China Moon.
This was our first time with takeout from here. This is probably the best Chinese takeout that I have had anywhere in Central Florida. Everything tastes fresh and the woman who took the order on the phone and rang me up was extremely nice. The Egg rolls tasted extremely fresh. The wonton soup and egg drop soup were good. We will order from here again!
Great food and very friendly owners. They always remember us. We have been ordering take away from them for over a year. Never an incorrect order and never any quality problems with the food. Just a great hometown restaurant.
"Being born and raised in NYC, I grew up on take out so I know what true authentic NYC-Style Chinese food is.  Sadly, most places outside of the Big Apple claim to be authentic but rarely are. This is NOT the case with China Moon! It's as authentic as it gets. There is only one other place I've been outside of NYC that gets is right (located in St. Cloud).  China Moon was a cute and tiny place. It was clean and inviting. The staff was absolutely terrific, so nice and friendly. The food was shockingly good and it's hands-down our new go-to Chinese spot. 
We ordered the lunch specials which were very inexpensive and even came with a drink!  We ordered the Chicken and mixed vegetables with pork fried rice and also the sesame chicken along with an egg roll. Everything was fresh, tasty, and finally satisfied our craving for authentic NYC style Chinese food. I must also add that the egg roll was really good and that's coming from someone who has never been a big fan of egg rolls.  We will see you soon our China Moon!"
"This place is legit, I am not saying the best Chinese food I've had, but very well seasoned and with pretty good ingredients. ""Everything is made to order"" is their logo, implying that they cook everything when ordered. This motto is used as an apology to the time it takes to make the food, which is a bit longer than any other Chinese restaurant around town. 

The ingredients are pretty good, the crunchy stuff is really crunchy, the veggies are also a bit fresher and crunchier than other restaurants, the fried rice is pretty good, and I specially like the lo-mein because it is not sour, since some places add rice vinegar to lo-mein. Not here.

The place is small, three tables, they have drinks for lunch specials, and a bathroom. Not a lot of traffic, but a steady flow. I like it, I would go back."
Best Chinese food I've had in awhile what are the general tso chicken with fried rice wonton soup n a pork egg roll everything was delicious when I went to pick up my meal I was greeted by a very nice lady I'm assuming was the owner I had asked for hot oil and she even put it in a separate little baggie inside my bag so it doesn't spell very thoughtful people reasonably priced and absolutely amazing this is my new favorite Chinese food place in the area will be back here many times in the future
Food is great and the service is so nice and sweet! I will always get my food here when I am in the area. They are open late too which is always very convenient!
Popped in for lunch after seeing some great reviews on Yelp. I wasn't disappointed. This is an unassuming little gem. I had the General Tso's chicken with fried rice. All tasty with a nice tangy sauce and a touch of heat. Highly recommended!
I walked into this restaurant and it was cleaner than an upscale Las Olas plastic surgeon's private doctors office. The owner/server/cashier/chef was friendly, easygoing, and seemed to cooked from the heart. His food was delicious, plentifully portioned, and well priced. He cooked all of it in under 15 minutes.
My daughter was craving chinese so I used yelp to locate a place on our way  home. We couldnt be any happier! We had one order of Beef Lo mein with fried Rice and one order of Mongolian Beef with Steam (white) Rice...equally delicious and VERY FRESH!! The service was very friendly and attentive (a gentleman took care of us). The orders were to go and they were fast. The place was so clean...noticeable clean!!! Even the bathroom!  Highly recommended... We will be back!
Best Chinese spot you have to call an order ahead because the food is made fresh. This place really deserves to be a 5 start Chinese restaurant. The quality of the food at China moon is so much better than any other Chinese restaurant. Very fresh and authentic
"Very friendly and polite. Helped me figure out what to order and was very happy to help. Can't wait to come back, and soon!
Oh and even better than the service is the food! Can I give 7 stars? It's that good. Well worth trying to find it on Ronald Reagan. Its kinda across from Wako Taco on the little strip mall."
Not the most flavorful Chinese I've had in Orlando but definitely made fresh in a clean establishment. Friendly customer service but I most likely won't go there again.
The food was tasty, not greasy like the usual spot I go to. My kids raved at how yummy it was, even my picks eater.  Great customer service and clean restaurant. Definitely will be my new go to
This is my 4th visit, Always greeted by friendly staff,food is cooked to order clean,fresh and Delicious.  Budget friendly. Today we ordered boneless BBQ Ribs,Pork Fried rice,Mongolian Beef and chicken lomein.  YUUMMOOO!
I don't usually write reviews but I like this place so much I wanted to write one. I am in the area visiting and didn't know what to have for dinner. Found this place and am happy to say they are great. The food didn't disappoint and the service was excellent. The couple that runs the place made time to chat and was very kind to my little one. Also this place is very clean.
First time to this restaurant for take out. Ordered sweet & sour chicken. It's was delish! Just chicken, rice, and sauce - plain and simple. The white rice was just sticky enough without being pasty. I liked that they offer small portions (at a reasonable price) which is more than enough for 2 but I suggest getting extra rice. I will definitely come again to try other menu options.
Customer service here gets an A+. Both the gentleman who took my order over the phone and the woman I picked my order up from were very nice and they seemed to be very caring. The restaurant itself seemed clean when I picked up. However, the food was just ok. My hot and sour soup was really delicious. But the egg roll, Szechuan beef, and fried rice I had were just ok. Nothing special that I would go out of my way for. Hubby's large beef lo mein was not very large in size and he said it just tastes alright. He also got fried wontons and they were pretty standard like they would be at any other Chinese joint.
"By far the best Chinese food I have ever had in all of Orlando. It's delicious, and most importantly it's the cleanest Chinese restaurant I have ever walked into.

Do yourself a favor and come and try it."
I decided to try this place because of all the positive reviews on here. Honestly, I don't understand the 5 star reviews. The chicken and beef were both rubbery and weird tasting. I could immediately tell it was bad quality meat. My boyfriend still ate it, but he agreed it was a strange consistency. The veggies and noodles were ok but nothing to write home about. When picking up the take out, the owner was very nice. However, The quality of the food needs to be improved. Next time I am in the mood for Chinese, I will be trying somewhere different.
"I'd like to give China Moon, 3.5 stars but that's not an option and I cannot round up on this one...It's not a bad option for Chinese takeout. It's a small step up from most strip-mall options, as they make everything from scratch, every time an order is placed. They don't even keep a put of soup in the back - it's made fresh each time.

The hot and sour soup is the best I've found nearby. The prices are low and the portions plentiful. Twice now I've gotten the curry chicken and both times the onion to chick ratio was WAY off. Like, there was an entire onion and maybe 3oz of chicken. No bueno. 

It's the best option on my side of town so I will definitely be back!"
Awesome place definitely the top amongst comparison to other chinese take outs. Food was amazing, fresh, and made per order. What stood out to me the most was the utmost sense of welcomeness that was felt by the incredibly nice husband and wife owners who was holding down the fort. Will absolutely come back again.
China Moon is hands down the best Chinese food we've had in orlando. The owners are awesome and they obviously care a lot both about their customers and their food. Their krab rangoons, orange chicken, egg drop soup, wonton soup, Buddha's delight, fried rice- anything we've ever gotten from there has yet to disappoint. Their orange chicken especially has a great thick & mild glaze to it that sets it apart from any I've tried in the past. When in there last time, we asked what these guys do on their day off and they spend their days off prepping- you can tell their food is made with dedication & care & from the taste and consistency, it is obviously never frozen. Our first choice for Chinese in the orlando area is always China moon.
Good food.  Great service.  Crab Rangoon was amazing.  I will go there.  It's mainly take out which is great on my way home to just pick up
Great food.  Hours a bit inconvenient for my work hours.  Nice staff.  You basically sit in your car until your food is ready.  Moo Shu Pork and crab Rangoon amazing.   Everything I have had there has been really good.
First time trying this Chinese spot and it definitely won't be the last! My wife and I saw the great reviews this place had and haven't been able to find a Chinese place we love around town. We ordered the Mongolian Beef and the Singapore Mai Fun. We also ordered some egg drop & wonton soup as well as egg rolls. All of it was delicious! The sauce on the Mongolian beef is so flavorful and the pork fried rice was fresh with big chunks of pork and egg. Not to mention the prices are affordable and the owner is very friendly! We will definitely be back and are super excited to have finally found a good Chinese place close by.
This is literally my favorite Chinese place I have ever been to! I rarely do reviews but I think this place is worth it. From crab rangoons to general tao chicken and fried rice, I have not had one thing that that wasn't delicious. The owners are so sweet as well. ***Hidden gem!
"I really enjoyed the place every time I came here. The food was always really delicious, the atmosphere was great and the prices were decent. It seemed very enigmatic and the food selection was unique.

And now I have to be honest. This is the opinion of a white Canadian. A few of my friends with stronger ties to Singapore, Malaysia and other kitchen of the worlds Banana Leaf represents, were so impressed. They generally agreed that the place was pretty good, but 'not authentic enough' and westernized. May be that's why I liked it?"
It's a safe place to go eat Malaysian food. I like most of everything I order here. But I believe it's heavily msged. I'd give one more star if the service was better. The service here is never that good.
"This place was pretty damn delicious. We tried a whole medley of stuff - the eggplant, Singapore crab, seafood fried rice. Everything was excellent. The crab was outstanding - succulent, generous (though I would have appreciated being told the market price was about twice the cost of a regular entree before ordering). The hot and sour soup was both, and an interesting change-up from the usual formulation of the dish.

Service was also good - a bit slow with the water, but on the other hand they were not in a rush to kick us out even though we were the last in the place one night.

Decor is pleasant, tables are spaced well (a pet peeve of mine) so you can have a group and not feel too cramped, or that you're on top of the next diners.

We walked in late-ish on a Monday night and stay right down, but I'd guess that weekends are pretty busy judging by the fact that there were plenty of diners there when we arrived (not a traditionally big eat-out night)."
We haven't been to BL for a while, decided to go to this place. The food was as good I remembered it when we first dined at their Denman location. The service here is a bit uneven, food runner couldn't even put the dish in the middle of the table and seem like she doesn't want to be there. Her body language shows it all, but overall our dinning experience was satisfactory. We still tip 20% because there are several wait staff has its own role who come to your table. I like this location as with the one on Denman and Robson Street. We had a bad experience on the Davie location.
"I'm usually more of a Tropika girl, but the family wanted to eat here and I definitely wasn't going to say no since I love Malaysian food. We went during happy hour so a few dishes were 50% off. 

We ordered:
Green Papaya and Mango Kerabu Salad - Huge portion! It was part of happy hour so it ended up being only $4! We ended up ordering more. 
Roti - DELICIOUS.
Chicken and Pork Satay Skewers - I didn't eat these, but everyone else said they were delicious. 

I always thought Banana Leaf was kind of expensive, but after my experience, I think the flavour and portions justify the cost. 

I will be returning for sure."
"Food 7/10
Service 7/10
Value 7/10
Atmosphere 7/10

Entrance 

We had been to this restaurant a few times before. This time was unexpected. We were out to study but since we were hungry, we decided to have a early dinner at 5pm and study afterwards. The restaurant was well decorated with tropical plants and cultural artifacts that reminded me of South East Asia. We were quickly seated and brought water.

Food

The food was good as always. However, I am only speaking from a perspective of someone who has never tried Malaysian cuisine in Malaysia. What I have been eating may not be considered authentic by other Malaysians but to my taste buds the food was good. One thing I have tried before was the Singapore Laksa in Singapore. Comparing what I had in Singapore to what I was served here brought up many differences. The Laksa served here in Banana Leaf was alot more creamy than the one I have tried in Singapore. The taste difference is dramatic because the deep Laksa taste is hidden in the Banana Leaf Restaurant. In my opinion the Laksa in Singapore tasted alot better but I can see some people liking the Banana Leaf Laksa more because it is less of an adventure. As for all the other foods I have no idea how authentic they are but Banana Leaf claims to cook authentic food. I doubt that though.

Overall

The food was good, service was good, the atmosphere was good. I go back every now and then. It's alot better than the Boat House in English Bay... Trust me."
"Great place, great atmosphere, great service, and GREAT food.

Creative, fun, surprising, diverse.
We took the sampling menu (for $28 per diner). It made an ordinary evening into a special one. Only today I finished the box we took home, and I relived the moment... :)"
"If I ever had to choose to eat something for the rest of my life I think I would have to choose the laksa soup at Banana Leaf. It is so damn good I have serious cravings for it on a regular basis. The value is phenomenal ($7 bowl!) and both the Malaysian and Singapore versions are equally heavenly.  

Enough about the soup! Overall the decor and ambiance of Banana Leaf is great and service is usually friendly and efficient. I have not been there for dinner but it looks like they have a fairly substantial menu of Malaysian cuisine. If the laksa was not so tasty I would try more of it :)"
Amazing food! I love the Roti Canai. And the  chicken rice with curry is good too. The amount is enough.
I love this place :) My friend and I like their Roti Canai.  We also ordered pineapple seafood fried rice but it came with regular plate :( They said they are out of pineapple lol It is one of popular menus so I understand that. The atmosphere is inviting and relaxing. Their food is always amazing. We will definitely come back!!!!!
"I went here with some friends after showing one of them around this neighborhood (she just moved a month ago). On a Friday night, a party of 3 still had to wait for about 20-30 minutes without a reservation, and this is the largest of their branches. 

It kind of figures given that the food is really good and fairly reasonable. Banana Leaf is a Malaysian-Singaporean restaurant - the decor is kind of chintzy with a lot of blue, green and red going on (and this isn't a store trying to sell computer monitors, I swear!) as well as TVs showing sports (which makes this feel like a gym was set up in your mom's living room during the 1970s), but the service is always polite and the drinks flow freely. I started out with a fresh coconut, which is a young coconut with the coconut water, while my friends each had some BC reds (a Burrowing Owl merlot and Petales D'Osoyoos, indicating a good repertoire of wines). 

Then came the appetizer, which was murtabak. Murtabak is a roti that was stuffed with meat, eggs and bean sprouts, among other things. They're kind of like the Singaporean equivalent of panini but the bread is much flakier (think of a naan meets filo pastry), there's no cheese and it's okay to have air in the middle, and it comes with a curry sauce like roti canai (a light curry sauce that seems to have a beef-ish base). Very good! A good introduction for three people.

We then proceeded to split three entrees - tiger prawns with peppercorns (which was spicy and a bit salty, which reminded me of the deep-fried shrimp with chili peppers that's popular in many Chinese restaurants), curry chicken with vegetables (which was quite Singaporean in style as it was a very turmeric-ijnspired yellow that was a bit watery, indicating less of an impact of coconut milk), and Singapore laksa (a seafood noodle soup that you really should order if you like anything with coconut milk, fish, or seafood... it's just a hearty bowl of spice and marine flavor that happens to be my favorite dish. The laksa quality is going downhill, though - no limes, few bean sprouts, and the sambal laksa is getting grained out in the broth. 

However, the restaurant is still excellent. The coconut's $5, a glass of those wines was $12 (but they have cheaper ones to offer), murtabak is $8, shrimp were $17, curry $15, and laksa $13. We took some of the food home as leftovers and I knwo for a fact that a bowl of laksa can feed one for dinner quite easily. 

A yummy Friday night!"
Although my experience with Malaysian cuisine is somewhat limited, my experience at the Banana Leaf restaurant in Kitsilano was fantastic!  After ordering a pitcher of brew, my friend and I settled in for tender, flavourful lamb skewers with an amazing spicy peanut sauce along with sambal chili fried okra, eggplant and green beans that brought veggies to a whole new level and the amazing 'abundance of seafood in assam curry sauce', with fresh clams, mussels, prawns, scallops, squid and fish simmering in a pungent, spicy broth, a welcome respite on a blustery day.  The service was friendly and attentive and the everything for the 2 of us came in under 70 dollars.  I will absolutely be back when a craving for Malaysian kicks in!
"Highly recommend this restaurant over the one near Broadway and Oak. This restaurant has much better ambiance and more spacious. Aside from the good food, there's patio seating outside. And cushy booths near the back of the restaurant.

If you're going with a party of 6, I'd suggest that you ask for a booth, but just not the last one near the kitchen (a bit too noisy).

Hope this helps anyone who is considering booking this place for a party/gathering."
"Impressively delicious. 

My boyfriend (who is Malaysian) and I came here while visiting Vancouver. We got the tasting menu and we were very impressed. The only thing that we were not impressed with was the roti canai. The dipping sauce seemed a little watered down. However, other than that, our dinner was delicious! I would definitely recommend it to anyone craving Malaysian food."
"Nasi goreng was ok
Appetizer platter was too much deepfired items and no flavor
Black cod was interesting
Ok not great"
I love this place :) My friend and I like their Roti Canai.  We also ordered pineapple seafood fried rice but it came with regular plate :( They said they are out of pineapple lol It is one of popular menus so I understand that. The atmosphere is inviting and relaxing. Their food is always amazing. We will definitely come back!!!!!
Banana Leaf is excellent. Every time. This was my first visit for lunch, and I had the veg curry - the only default vegetarian item on the lunch menu. For the price, it was an excellently sized portion, and it was super delicious. I loved the pieces of cabbage in the curry! Great textures. There are a couple of other veg-able options as well that I'll try next time.
"I love, love Malaysian food. I find it is so exotic and delectable. One of may favourite places is the Kits location of Banana Leaf.

One of the advantages of a big group is getting to try as many dishes as possible. We dined out large on all the fine Malaysian offerings. I love roti, the simple break/wrap/tortia like side.

All the dishes were great, espicially the seafood ones. I enjoyed the tasty sauces from the lamb, shreeded beef, fish, and mussels. Everything was splendidly delicious and filling.

The deep-fired salted prawns was probably my favourite dish. It was so delicious and crunchy. We did a number there with so many different dishes trying the gambit of what they had to offer.

I love the boat like bowls that are easy to serve. All the interesting, meaty sauces are great for rice and dipping. Deep-friend banana with ice cream is always an enjoyable desert. It hits the spot just right.

It was one of the more delicious, satisfying meals in a long time. You cannot go wrong with the Malaysian cuisine at Banana Leaf. However, it can get pricey."
This was my first time here and i loved it. The service wasn't the best at first but they did resolve it well and were very nice. The food was delicious without question. I definitely recommend coming here.
Delicious Malaysian food - everything melts in your mouth and zaps your taste-buds with incredible flavours. But don't expect much in the way of service. The staff here are simply 'doing their job' and somewhat reluctantly at that.
This is my favourite SE Asian restaurant in town. Love the fried eggplants, pineapple rice, mussels and  curried seafood of any kind. I bring my visitors from the US here and have never failed to impress them.
We've been vacationing in Vancouver for a week now, and already we've made three visits to Banana Leaf. Every time we've had nothing but great good, but by now we'd learned to pace ourselves so we're not bursting at the seams when we leave. This time we ordered the Nonya's chicken lettuce wraps, Alaskan Black Cod (which we've had on all three occasions), and the Seafood and Chicken Fried Rice. We also shared a young coconut drink between three of us. The cocunut drink had a great, refreshing flavour, and we were so occupied with digging for and eating the meat of the coconut that we didn't even think about what we'd ordered until it arrived. Again, the Black Cod failed to disappoint. The ginger and garlic sauce tasted delicious  and the fish was cooked perfectly. Today was our first time ordering the lettuce wraps, and it will not be our last. If you're a fan of lettuce wraps, you will fall in love with these. Lastly, my favourite dish would have to be the Seafood and Chicken Fried Rice. It was served in a cute pineapple boat and consisted of fried rice, shrimp, scallops, squid, chicken, egg, corn, raisins, and sunflower seeds. Some of the tastiest fried rice I've had. The bill ended up being around $60 for three of us, but it was well worth it.  I'd definitely say Banana Leaf is worth a try.
"This location deserves more love!  

It's the best of the 3, in the opinion of this Malaysian food junkie!  
Roomy dining space (unlike Denman), prompt, polite service (unlike Willow) & well-executed food every time (unlike Denman or Willow).

Hits:

roti canai - I can live on this flatbread alone. That curry dipping sauce is only fueling that addiction.
Singapore laksa - mad props for cooking every seafood (why hello, al dente squid) to the right doneness.  
Malaysian bone-in chicken - fall-apart tender, righteous kick in the sauce.

Miss:

rendang beef - rubbery beef is a crime. hopefully, a 1 time offence. 

Top marks for consistently satisfying both my stomach & my wallet. A rare feat!"
The food is always consistently well made! My favorite is the naan to start the fish and lamb stew for lunch and the spring rolls are great too! The veggies with the lamb gets overcooked! Otherwise yummo!
We came here after church for lunch. The environment was spacious and bright! Even we are group of 10, but the table and chairs didn't make me feel stuffy. Food taste great, size is big, menu comes with pictures. It's helpful to make decisions. Lol
Authentic Malaysian! Love this place. Beef rendang is my favourite. Service is great.
"love spicy food this is the place.


I ordered lamb curry and prawn sambal was soo good .
perfect spicy .

I also recomended the roti canai. yum tasty

the banana leaf giving extra aroma unexplained good"
"Roti is to die for, Banana Leaf is one of my favorite restaurant in the city.  This location was the first for me and the service and food is similar to all the others in the city.
I can't wait to go back!"
What a nice way to have dinner! My husband and myself ordered the 7 course meal, and they timed each setting perfectly! We finished our meal full, and spent about an hour over dinner - a very healthy way to eat. It was our best dinner on our weekend getaway---so glad we stopped there!
"Wow I think I just found the best Malaysian cuisine in Vancouver..  I really enjoyed the whole experience here.  

The restaurant name ""Banana Leaf"" caught my attention and I was feeling famished so when I unhesitatingly entered the restaurant I definitely got more than I asked for.  From the outside it looks like an everyday casual restaurant but you'd be amazed by how many awards they have won. (check pic!)   and the colorful interior design is superb.  The waitors wear these ethnic aprons and of course not to mention the people love us on Yelp in the front :p  The waitor greeted us very warmly and every single staff was so accommodating and really made sure we were enjoying every minute of our dining experience.  

I was rather overwhelmed by the abundant menu choices so we ordered the 9 course dinner ($28/person)  I especially enjoyed the green beans, seafood curry and curry mussels!  They were all cooked to absolute perfection.  The satay with dipping sauces were heavenly as well.  Just be aware, that the 9 course dinner is really filling so you might have to to take some home because you cannot go home without eating dessert.

Last but not least the Fried banana with ice cream was scrumptious and a good way to end dinner.  Presentation was great as well.  I would not say this is fine dining but definitely not so casual either, somewhere in between is right.  

Needless to say for the comment card I ticked Excellent for pretty much every criteria.  Next time will bring my friends here...you should too!

Hope you enjoy the pictures of the delicious 9 course dinner I've uploaded!"
"Nice place, good atmosphere. Service was ok, but my watter went un-refilled the whole time. As for personal tastes, I did not like my Braised Lamb Shank too much. Had much better and juicier lambs in most other places in the past. We ordered the Sole fillet too, and neither of us liked it. We couldn't finish it.

Our final impression: a slightly above average look&feel, but otherwise a mediocre place with meh food."
We ate here for a quick get-together with my co-workers. I like the rice they served, but the Hainanese chicken was underwhelming. The service was really good tho; they did their best to explain the menu. For the higher than average price, I expected a bit more flavor. I'd be willing to give their other hot dishes a try though.
"Nothing spectacular but I really enjoyed the decor here. If your reserved table isn't ready, there's a nice entrance area where your group can relax until you can be seated.

We were all happy with our dishes although service for our group of five was noticeably slow; I'll grant them it was Friday night. I had a few issues with our server who failed to offer any insight into the menu. Also, the uniforms for the wait staff have bare armpits. Thanks to horror stories I won't delve into here, the uncovered armpits plus serving food thing just doesn't sit well with me.

I haven't considered returning to Banana Leaf since. Once was enough for me to check it out and decide that, for me, it remains in the beleaguered mid-range pack of Vancouver restaurants."
One of my all-time favorite restaurants in Vancouver.  The roti canai is fantastic (though I would ask for extra dal as the amount they give you is a little on the light side), the satays are the best I've had, and their sambal green beans, sambal prawns, and especially the fried rice served in a pineapple are outstanding.  Nice decor and good service as well, highly recommend it.
"Wow, really great experience, and great value for dine out Vancouver. Firstly, they have a dine out menu option, and for under $20 each (before drinks and tax) we were quite full.
I was really surprised by how strong the flavors and textures were across the dishes. We had fish curry (fish cooked perfectly), beef (also perfectly cooked, meat came apart effortlessly), Naan, and deep fried bananas. The drinks were good too, the ginger martini had a huge amount of ginger flavour which I love.

Overall it felt like we were dining in a restaurant that would have a much higher price point- of course, since it was the dine out menu special it was cheaper than usual. But even compared to regular banana leaf prices! 

This was not my first time dining at banana leaf - all the other times have been good, but this one really stood out.
Friendly service too!"
"We visited Banana Leaf in hopes of it curing our hangover from partying the night before, and while it did definitely take the hangover away, we ate so much food that we left feeling sick and bloated-- it's a good sign though! 

What we tried: 

Roti Canai - This was what we were looking forward to the most! Soft and buttery insides, but also crispy on the outside with a satisfying flakiness to it, this was the perfect appetizer. A bit sweeter than I typically prefer it, but the roti definitely lived up to the expectations. We ate it down in minutes, but I wished I had saved some for the beef rendang curry that came later. For $8 though a few more pieces of roti would've been nice!
Rating: 5/5

Beef Rendang - As a Sri Lankan it definitely tasted like home, nice and spicy with the Malaysian flavours really exploding here. The best part was the tender juicy beef that just fell apart with the touch of a spoon. We had this with a side of rice and was a delicious addition to our meal. It was just too much curry so I would recommend sharing it with more than 2 hungry people!
Rating: 4

Nasi Goreng - Having eaten Nasi Goreng growing up, I was expecting a lot out of this dish and it was definitely a reminder of my parent's kitchen. A bit more tomatoey than I'm used to, and a bit sweet as well, next time I order it I would probably ask for more shrimp chili paste. It was highly addictive and I kept going back for more. The pickled cabbage on the side was a nice touch, especially when in need of a palate cleanser. A decent amount of protein and shrimp in there as well. As per the tradition, a fried egg on top served on a banana leaf would complete this popular dish in my opinion. 
Rating 4/5

See you soon, Banana Leaf!"
"I really love this place- even thoguht they always seem to laugh a little when I order ""very spicy""... The food is consitenly very good and sometimes great- keeps us coming back for more. The full dinners are a slamming deal- two people could easily get two meals out of em! 5 stars for the very consistent food at very reasonable prices"
"Of all of their locations, this is my personal favourite b/c of the private room, which is quite nice and the tables are kinda unique.  $500 for 2 hrs on weekends, but think it's negotiable if you know what I mean.

Overall theme definitely feels more like a tropical island, and the best decorated.  Way more spacious than Cambie/broadway.

Usually I order their satay skewers and laksa, sure winners.

Metered parking all around.

What's unique about this location is they offer complimentary roasted nuts at the waiting area, extra star for that ;)"
"This is our favourite Malaysian restaurant in Vancouver. We have been there for a number of family dinners and each time they didn't disappoint. Their menu is diverse and has spicy and non spicy items. Service is always friendly. Atmosphere at this location is more relaxing than the other Broadway location. Space is a bit more open.

Our favourites that we always order are Singapore chili crab, laksa and char kuey teow. You might want to reserve your crab when you book your table, just so they have enough. We have also enjoyed lobster, NYONYA'S lettuce wrap, steamed mussels, pineapple fried rice, sabre fish/black cod, fish in banana leaf, sambal okra and eggplant, roti canai. We love the deep fried bananas, crepes with coconuts. 

The only items we did not enjoy so much were rendang beef (a bit tough), lamb shanks (not flavoured well), and black sticky rice dessert (bland)."
"its ok  food, but my goodness is it ever overpriced.

I love the ambiance of the place though its very nice on the inside."
We absolutely loved this restaurant. The food is fantastic and the service was great. I highly recommend getting one of the multi-course meals that allow you to taste a variety of dishes. We got the 8-Course Meal and it was fantastic. Amazing flavors. I highly recommend this place!
"I met a friend at this location of the Banana Leaf and it was super good. It's not the modified menu as at the Denman location -- it has the full menu as at their location at Broadway near Cambie.

My friend hadn't tried Malaysian food before and was a little skeptical. I encouraged him to try the roti, and we had the seafood stirfry and the green beans, with rice in banana leaves for 2.

We really enjoyed our meal. My friend was impressed and loved everything -- and we had enough to take some home!"
Good Malaysian food but the portions are a little too small for the price you're paying. Not the best value, but there aren't many places for Malaysian style food in Vancouver. I feel that this restaurant is a bit cramped, but otherwise the service is decent.
"The food is good so this review is purely from a monetary perspective.

While our main dishes were fine, the appetizer was definitely over-priced. We also felt they were rather stingy with the rice, even if they do wrap it in a banana leaf."
We ordered the Char Kwae teow , Sarah , egg rolls , and roti. Everything was delish, great atmosphere and customer service.
I liked the lighting and all the colours it made it feel cozy. That was the best part. Malaysian food I find to be kinda like Thai but not as good. Not a knock on this place it's just my opinion on Malaysian food in general. The one exception is the roti which I can eat a truck load of.
Great ambiance,  extremely helpful staff, and accommodating to families with kids.  Fast service, consistently excellent quality of food. Love every item I've tried there. Parking has never been a problem.
It's not every day that you get service like this! What a great experience. We didn't make reservations on a Saturday so we had to wait for a bit but after we were seated the server came quickly. She was very polite and hospitable. They have many different options available. Malaysian fusion type food served here. We had the Malay curry chicken, it was big enough for two people! Had a great dinner, curried chicken with a side of rice, for only 22 dollars. I am very much looking forward to coming back here. Hopefully they as well add more authentic Malaysian dishes in the future.
I saw this restaurant's advertisement in our hotel room and I was definitely hesitant because the pictures were over the top cheesy and I just have an uneasy feeling about restaurants that advertise in hotels.  But, we ran into this restaurant after unsuccessfully looking for a Greek restaurant in the Kitsilano neighborhood.  And we are glad for this accident!  It was lunch time and the portions are huge, which can be a very good thing with a 10 and 7 year old sons.  Everything tasted really good and the service was very good.  My wife is a huge Malaysian restaurant fan (she likes Malay Satay in the SEattle area) but she thought Banana Leaf was better.
"The newest of the Banana Leafs this one in particular has the better decor and ambiance. Very typical of a Kitsilano restaurant.

Service is solid and consistent with all their other locations and their dishes are equally prepared a well.

I found this joint far more sanitary and clean compared to their Broadway location which I've heard of random complaints of cleanliness from other friends who have visited.

I'd definitely give this location a chance."
I love this place. It is now my regular lunch place. The ginger fish fillet, samba bean, black cod, seafood and the lunch specials are delicious. I took a lot of my friends there and they like it too.
"The first trip to the restaurant was pretty good. I had Nasi Goreng which I chose for further nostalgic reasons - my mother (or at least her cook) used to make the BEST nasi goreng. If you don't know what it is, it's basically Malaysian/Indonesian fried rice with beef, shrimp, egg, tomato, onion & green bean. I may have been slightly unfair by ordering this dish, since my standard was set by the authentic cooking of my Indonesian maid. I ended up finding the rice 'okay'... slightly boring and lacking of the true taste of Indonesia. My significant other ordered the Rendang Beef Curry, boneless lean beef stewed to melting tenderness in coconut gravy and spices - a dish which I found 'okay' as well. The meat was decent, the spices again a bit lacking. I don't know how else to describe the experience other than 'OKAY'. 

Here's a full blog post where you can see some of the food:
http://www.the5iliconeator.blogspot.ca/2013/03/banana-leaf-kitsilano-vancouver.html"
"Where to take my most well-traveled friend who has a family-style eating preference for dinner when she comes to visit? Why, Banana Leaf of course.

South Asian dishes with a Malaysian bent, the food here is consistently and mouthwateringly delicious. If food with a little kick is your kind of thing, then your taste buds will not be deprived here. Complex without overwhelming, the flavours are perfectly balanced in every dish I've ordered. And order I have: Assam curry scallops, dungeness crab in kum hoeing sauce, Alaskan black cod in ginger sauce, braised lamb shank in cumin and star anise, sambal fried okra, nasi goring -- the list goes on and on. 

An ideal place to bring friends from out of town, the energetic vibe at Banana Leaf is the perfect partner for the unofficial family-style that the dishes lend themselves to. All in all, a super satisfying evening out."
Always have had a great experience at Banana Lead restaurants in Vancouver. The food is always filled with flavour no matter what dish you order. Service is almost always good. Food is always tasty. Highly recommend for Malaysian food lovers.
"First time checking out the Kits location, not too busy when we arrived around 12:30pm today, so we were able to take our time enjoying our food. We were the last ones to leave before their lunch operations closed (at 2:30) to re-open again at 5pm. Overall, the ambiance was very relaxing.

We ordered mainly from their lunch special menu - Roti Canai, Singapore Laksa, Satay Chicken and Gado-Gado with Rice, and Tiger Prawns with Gulai Sauce. And for dessert Mango Sticky Rice and Coconut Crepes. All this for two people - le'ts just say we were pretty satisfied by the end of lunch. =)

If it's your first time trying Malaysian food, I would recommend the Roti Canai (so fluffy! and with the curry sauce that it comes with...yum!) and Satay Chicken and Gado-Gado with Rice (unless you're allergic to peanuts, then don't get this since it comes with a peanut dressing). The Singapore Laksa is a noodle dish that comes in a coconut soup base - tasty, but I think it was a little bit too rich for my personal preference. The Tiger Prawns I give were a 3.5/5 - good, but I think my attention was too focused on the Roti and Satay chicken. =P

Now on to desserts. Between the Coconut Crepes (which are green, fyi) and the Mango Stick Rice, both of which are veryyy good, I'd have to say my vote is for the Coconut Crepes - these are served nice and warm with the stuffed shreddings inside giving it a nice texture. Give it a try!"
"My friend and I just stumbled upon this restaurant by chance. We were driving through the area looking for something to eat and this area caught our eye. Street parking was surprisingly easy for a Friday night. 

There were a couple parties ahead of us, but not too long of a wait for 2 people. We ordered steamed mussels in Cumin & Ginger sauce. It was delicious! They were pretty generous with the number of mussels. The sauce flavor really simmered into the mussels.

We also ordered Seafood Char Kuey Teow. It wasn't too spicy, enough to give the dish a small kick. The last item we ordered was the Sambal Green Bean (gotta eat them veggies!) and they were sauteed just right, enough crunch but cooked with a hint of spice.

The service was fast and friendly. The atmosphere is good for having conversation, you can actually hear each other!"
We had a fried oyster with salad that was a tad smelly and acidic. It was okay. Curry sauce with fried sheet was great. The fried rice was pretty good. The ice cream with fried banana was especially delicious, but the green roll dessert was good at all...too sweet and weird.
Food is SO tasty and delicious.  I love the laksa.  Rule of thumb - don't wear white!
"""Dont order the prawns,"" those were the first words I said when I walked in the door to my bf. The smell was subtle but I knew that smell, its bad prawns. Its hard to mistake when you've smelled it before. Anyways, regardless of my slight apprehension we sat down and were instantly man-handled by our server... ok not literally but the guy was not all that impressive. Two or three times my bf tried to hail him from our table for more water, or a dessert menu, or our check and he either blatantly ignored us or just didn't care that much. 

The food wasn't bad, it was wednesday and it was obvious they were scraping the bottom of the bucket of their curry. It had been microwaved, you could tell by the texture I didn't fault them for it since the flavour was definitely there and tasty. The mussels were quite good, full of spice and wonderfull flavours, but only 1 piece of bread. Hm. Now I don't know about you but the sauce that mussels come in is just as good as teh mussels. So we ordered extra rice to pour it on and were happy with that.

Prices were ok. The coconut milk steamed rice was tasty and went perfectly with our choices, $2 for about a cup of rice... and mind you no rice comes with curry so you have to order it. The mussels and curry itself wasn't bad either, we didn't get drinks and our bill came to about $37. So we were fed, happy and walking around kitsilano quickly thereafter.

Not bad for a quick bite."
Yay for eating in Vancouver! You can see the good nutrition on the fresh faces of this city's residents.. people all look like they've just come out of a Tide commercial or something.. vibrant.. and the reason in my humble opinion is constant access to organic and locally sourced foods. This restaurant is no exception. Right on Broadway and easy access, plus open on Sundays which little is in that more business oriented part of the city, this spot bustles. The decor as mentioned is bright and inviting, the lunch specials are CHEAP and the repas all fresh and easy to customize. I love the Malaysian flavors, nice curries and plenty of egg and fish.. If you're in the area, I wouldn't miss this spot, but then again you're in Vancouver so almost anywhere you duck in, you'll find enticing local eats that keep the engine on high-functioning.
"After a long day of slogging in the rain and cold and through crazed hockey fans, my gf and I finally landed here. She decided we should try something different. Which was cool because while I like to try new things I sort of need to be pushed into doing it.

We both enjoyed our meal here very much (though the chairs were too high for me and I was uncomfortable.)

We did the 7 course tasting menu for 2:

The Roti Cani was super amazing. Mmmmmmmm!!!! Crisp and slightly sweet. 

We also had a salad that had those weird field greens that I normally detest but I really enjoyed them. I think the dressing must have been made with magic or something.

The gf didn't like the vegetable spring rolls (she never does) but I did. They were good. 

The chicken satay was good too.

The sambal green bean dish was our least favorite. We usually like dishes like this so that was a bit of a disappointment (but not enough to change the stars). 

The rendang beef was very interesting and we both liked it.

But, what we both were in heaven over was the Abundance of Seafood in Gulai Sauce. That sauce was crazy monkey good! 

And the fried banana and ice cream desert was great (though I was throwing caution to the wind as I am lactose intolerant). 

I know we would definitely come back here again next time we are in Vancouver!"
"Just had a delicious chicken curry with vegetable. it was one of the best ones I've ever had. It was supposedly spicy, by it actually came in the right amount: it didnt burn my mouth and gave a great taste to the food.

I removed 1 star because my husband had WILD SOCKEYE SALMON FILLET IN ASSAM CURRY SAUCE and he didn't like it. It wasn't tasty. Just ok. 

All staff were great, although every time they came to our table, it was a different person serving us And taking orders. Some of them gave different answers About dishes."
I find their specials amusing as they have something like get second pineapple rice free after buying the first one. Their lunch menu is good with affordable price. Service has been very good too. i cant give more stars to this restaurant as their food is just on the average side.
"One of my favorite places o eat around Vancouver.

Roti kani + cocunut rice and we like to get the ""Abundance of seafood"" in the Assam curry sauce! The sauce is coconut based sauce is amazing!

The Reddang beef dish is killer as well!"
Banana Leaf was my first experience with Malaysian food. I was really impressed with the quality of food and price. We always get the roti, green beans and okra, and pineapple fried rice. We live in San Francisco, but always hit up this restaurant when we visit Vancouver.
Tasty food, excellent roti canai (can't go wrong with sugary carb dipped in curry sauce), and good portion size for the lunch menu price.  Place is spacious and friendly.  No complaints here.
"Recently had their curry laksa here for lunch. It was quite good, the soup is nicely flavoured with coconut milk, turmeric and other spices. The bean sprouts was not cooked which is perfect because by the time I start eating my soup, it was somewhat crunchy and slightly cooked. There were some boneless chicken bits along with half an egg. They used vermicelli although generally a type of yellow noodle (skinnier than Shanghai noodle) is also used.

The level of spiciness was mild to medium and the overall flavour was decent. It wasn't overly salty."
"We finally got to try one of the Banana Leaf restaurants, and we weren't disappointed. The rating is mainly for the food.

This location is bright, with tall ceilings, and not overly noisy. I was glad there wasn't any music blaring. The Banana Leaf is clean, with just enough atmosphere and decorations to give it some Malay flavour.

The food and mixed drinks were delicious. Each dish was well spiced and flavourful, without using too much oil. The portions were also generous, and this place is a good value at lunch time. The mixed drinks were all well received, too, and I enjoyed my lychee mojito. 

Service was prompt, and the food made it to our table rather quickly, even on a fairly busy lunch rush. 

The only downsides are a. many dishes contain shrimp and/or  seafood, so people with allergies might have issues and b. the servers, while providing quick service, seemed impersonal and bored. 

I'll look forward to trying a Banana Leaf lunch again."
"Coming here for lunch is great. Good food and excellent service.

I wouldn't recommend coming here if you are a big group though. There is a 15% automatic tipping charge. Also, they wouldn't do individual billing. Can be a big pain if every one doesn't tip the automatic 15%."
Got the beach box which was super good. Also got the beef lettuce wraps and char kway teow... everything was so good!! Will definitely be returning soon :)
"I have been eating here for several years when I'm in Vancouver for seminars.  It is consistently excellent food, with good service and reasonable prices.  They do very well when we take a group of 8-12 for dinner too.  I've never had anything I didn't like here, but this last time had eggplant fries for the first time, not something I would order, but a friend insisted. Wow! They're addictive! Very crisp, not oily, and tender. I wanted to go back just for those!
They also have really good satay, so full of flavor you don't really need the peanut sauce. I don't know about authenticity, but it's really tasty food! We always get the sambal green beans, and shrimp dishes are good, and lamb, and..."
If there were a 4.5* it would be perfect for this review. I've been here a couple of times, once for dinner with my boyfriend; the other for happy hour. Really good beverage deals at happy hour ($3 decent white wine anyone?) as well as some food discounts. I enjoyed the veggie version of the lettuce wrap (I know, it sounds redundant but they also have beef and chicken). It can be romantic I the restaurant area (especially if the lighting is just right), but probably more family friendly. I'll be back someday:)
"Came in and noticed it was quite busy. We were placed in the room area which was significantly quieter than the rest of the restaurant (hurray!). There was only one server handling the entire room which made it difficult to get help etc, but he tried his best. He was always prompt in asking if we needed a refill, if the food was ok etc. 

- The asian fruit salad was delicious! I liked it way more than their regular papaya salad. I'd happily order this every time.

- The nasi goreng had the flavor but the eggs were burnt on it (actual black on it).

- The boneless chicken curry was DELICIOUS! Never ordered it before but I really liked it. It was a tad too spicy for my liking but I'll ask them to tone it down next time. I usually hate okra but I liked it in this dish. My partner, on the other hand, didn't like this dish. She ate the nasi goreng mostly.

The biggest disappointment was the hot and sour soup. The chef seemed to have no quality control tonight (as noted above with the burnt egg) because the soup was goopy. The thickener wasn't thoroughly mixed in and the soup was just blobs the size of my spoon. I had to send it back because I had no intention of choking down blobs of thickener (or whatever it was). 

We weren't wowed by our dinner. I usually look forward to my meals here but this time I left disappointed by the quality. I don't think I'll be back for some time."
"My family and I always love to go to BL for a casual family lunch or dinner. 
The foods are consistently good, lots of choices, we never have any complain with the service. We like the atmosphere. Great location!"
Went to the Banana Leaf on a Tuesday night right after work.   Nothing has changed.  Service sucks, food is quite good and it is fairly reasonably priced.  Owners are riding the shirt tails of being successful and being the only Thai/Malaysian restaurant in Vancouver in years previous.  Staff have been there too long,need proper training and management to direct them.  Ask about specials i.e. Happy Hour Specials or 50% off bottles of wine on Tuesday, etc.   They do not make any suggestions or let you know.   A good basic neighborhood restaurant!
"Came here on a Wednesday night for a dinner with family. 

Atmosphere: The interior space was decorated really nicely. Seating was spacious (we were seated in booths) and tables were wide enough to accommodate a fair amount of plates. The furnishing and decoration was also well chosen. However, it was pretty dim in there; the lack of lighting made it pretty hard to A) take photos and B) read the menu.

Service: Service was honestly a disappointment. Our water was only refilled when we were about to pay our bill, and when our waiter was taking our order, he didn't say anything, just wrote down our orders and left without a word. When servers dropped our food off at the table, they would quietly announce the name of the dish and leave straight after. No hospitality here, unfortunately.

Food: Now, the food was the star of the night. Must-try's at Banana Leaf are the roti canai (perfectly buttery but still flaky), the skewers (we had the beef and chicken skewers -- delicious!), the sambal green beans (addicting), the pineapple fried rice (I need this recipe), the chicken wings (crispy and flavorful!) and the turmeric cauliflower rice (I could NOT stop eating this). Every dish was delicious and full of flavour.

Overall, I would come back here, but only for the food. Service was lacking and the atmosphere was okay."
"Excellent food and great share plates! The Calamari , 10.00$ appetizer is a meal in itself! Boneless chicken curry so good , maybe a little more rice would have been nice. The Asian salad was so good we fought over last leaves! Service good and were seated quickly. Very clean and bathrooms immaculate .
Would absolutely come back especially for lunch or happy hour!"
Food as always so very very good! Staff very friendly and space was perfect for COVID social distancing and they were very carefully cleaning and wearing masks . My appetizer was a beef lettuce wrap but you can have chicken or shrimp if you would prefer , the portion was very generous and the sauce excellent ! My husband had the lunch special of lamb curry , rice and vegetables he loved it all but vegetables were a little over cooked. They also have a 'happy hour' menu that looks like super prices on great food!
Came for lunch on a cold rainy day. The temperature inside the restaurant is a bit cool. I had to keep my jacket on until food arrive. We ordered  from the lunch special menu. I enjoyed the food. Everything taste great. Service is average.
Foods are tasty at a reasonable price. Will visit again. The location is good, with only limited parking thou. Street parking is only $1 per hour
"//OVERALL THOUGHTS//
Being born & raised in Malaysia, I think I have a good idea of what real Malaysian food is. I've eaten at Banana leaf a couple of occasions now and my final verdict is that it's a good place to sample some Malaysian foods... everything is tasty, but don't expect a great amount of authenticity since a lot of the flavours have been Westernized. 

//THE FOOD//
Nasi lemak - didn't have any sambal sauce. shrimp was the best, peanuts was meh (it should be roasted for extra flavour), and the calamari was alright. The banana leaf it was on wasn't fresh thus it had no fragrance to it. 

Singaporean laksa - too much coconut milk, too thick/creamy, spiciness was on point, but the fish cake, chicken & shrimp was below mediocre. The chicken and shrimp weren't flavourful and the fish cake was limp and felt like it was made of a lot of fillers. It had all the ingredients of a laksa, was yummy for the most part, but it just wasn't totally right! 

Roti - sweeter than what I'm used to but I'm into it ! 
Satay - the chicken satay was not bad ! The peanut sauce is also sweeter than what it should be, but it was still yummy to eat! 

Beef rendang- only 3 pieces of meat and not enough sauce to eat with the amount of rice and roti it came with. Not impressed."
"I've eaten here a few times - and it's always been amazing. The food is always great, the atmosphere is cool - kind of feels like you're in a jungle, and the servers are attentive.

I recommend going with a large group and ordering a bunch of different things, since it's all delicious!"
HAVE AGAIN: $35 tasting menu was very interesting and delicious. However, my dining partner was not very interested in all the sea food selection.
Just a top notch restaurant . The service here is excellent and staff kind/attentive . Their roti and curry is just  wonderful and so tasty . The Roti Canai is a must try . There is some limited free parking spots in the back of the restaurant
"Haven't had Malaysian food in awhile, so this place filled my craving!! 

PAPAYA SALAD - I always love ordering papaya salad. The way Banana Leaf makes it is refreshing and great way to cleanse your palate. 

CALAMARI - Great appetizer. Instead of tartar sauce, however, it is server with another brown sauce... not quite sure the name, but it was great! (Not BBQ sauce) 

PINEAPPLE FRIED RICE - not going to lie, I was a bit disappointed. It weren't as flavourful and amazing as I remember them to be... sort of on the bland side. 

MEE GORENG - it's a bit spicy! Very filling. I would order again! 

EGGPLANT FRIES - My favourite dish of the meal! Deep fried eggplant, making each bite quite light and juicy - compared to heavy potatoes. Even my dinner mates who HATE eggplant loved it!! Comes with Thai sweet chilli sauce drizzled over the top.

Would recommend coming for happy hour! From 8:30-close, they have a deal where if you order Mee Goreng/pineapple rice, and other dishes, you get ""Buy One, take home for free""! This is great if you need an extra dish to pack for lunch the next day. In other words, you get 2 dishes for the price of ~$15!!! Such a steal."
Absolutely stellar service and cuisine. Management makes sure everyone is happy, and of course the food is divine -- their sauces are to die for. We're so lucky we have this restaurant nearby!
"So I've been to Banana Leaf dozens of times over the years & I just realized - no review!

What!?! Ok so here goes. 

I would often hit up BL at this location (BL has 5 locations so check Google Maps for a location that suits you) every time I went to Greek Day. 

Several blocks of Broadway are shut down on a Sunday in June in this area. 

While with family & friends enjoying the festivities of Greek Day, we just could not keep ourselves from the divine tasting food at BL!!! 

So we would break here for lunch then continue on walking around the festival! 

A friend from Toronto (who used to live here) was visiting for 2 nights & craving Asian food for dinner = BL was due for a visit! 

I really do like this location a lot & it definitely did not disappoint tonight for sure! 

We ordered the usual hits - Roti Canai, Sambal Green Bean, Pineapple Fried Rice, Caramalised Black Cod & the much missed (I love this dessert!) Pisang Goreng! 

Allergy alert - comes with peanuts! 

Gosh the salad (if I can call it that) - the Papaya Mango Kerabu - we started with was a mouth watering paradise!!! 

What I really dig about BL & I've generally always found - once seated & you've ordered - service is like - bang pronto no messing around! 

Guess what - Greek Day is coming up again soon - BL see you in June!"
"A solid choice for Malaysian grub.

We visited late one vending for dinner and although the place was jamming, we were seated almost immediately. Place was neatly decorated with lots of live plants and hints of Asian flare. 

We shared an appetizer sampler. The roti were my faves! I had the chicken curry. It tasted great with a fresh zest coming from the lemongrass and a creaminess from the coconut milk. 

I thought the prices were a little steep for what it was, but it was still a solid choice."
"It had been a few years since I was last at a Banana Leaf and so happy that they still have tasting menus...yes that is plural as one can choose from a 6 course up to a 10 course.  These are great options for those that wish to sample many dishes.  It was a birthday dinner so we opted for the 10 course tasting menu as it included lobster tail.  The room is large with plenty of natural light and the service was quite good. 

Now for the food.  The presentation and taste of each dish was outstanding...so many different flavours in each dish.  We started with a light mango salad followed with chicken satay and the roti canai...a perfect start to a  meal.  This was followed in quick succession with cumin mussels, scallops in a curry broth, and lobster tails with chilli & garlic.  The next three dishes were the caramelized ginger sablefish (black cod), green beans and eggplant in a sambal sauce and the classic rendang beef.  Rice was served in a banana leaf.  We eventually made our way through all the food and dessert was served, pisang goreng (deep fried bananas with ice cream).

I thought it was good value at $38 per person given the variety of dishes served which included so much seafood.  The flavours of each dish are so unique, but have to say the lobster tail and sablefish were outstanding and worth a return visit.

With the great service and excellent food, it was a very positive food experience and happy to recommend Banana Leaf."
I LOVE Banana Leaf! They never disappoint me and I always leave happy with a tummy full of curry! Their dishes are fresh and tasty, and reasonably priced. I would recommend the Roti Canai appetizer - the roti is light and soft  and the curry dip is to die for! The atmosphere is also quite warm and fun.
"Banana Leaf Kits is one of my go to places.

Sitting right below the kind of price that I think one would normally pay for food of this quality, the Banana Leaf delivers both the tastiness and eating experience that keeps me bringing guests here. 

I think more than the other locations (Denman is ok but not a fan of the others), the Kits branch is the best eatery in that area and I find myself there frequently.  

Aside from really good food for decent prices something else sticks out to me: the exact kind of service I like.  Noone interrupts my conversation, but i feel they are always aware of when we need something.  I can't say that for any other place in the city.

I've had nothing I did not like here, but I think the value is in the 2 person set menu.  the breads and the green beans (of all things) stick out as memorable."
